[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/%D8%A8%D8%B7%D8%A7%D9%82%D8%A9-ledger)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/ledger-%E5%8D%A1)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/cartenbspcl)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ledger-card)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/%D0%9A%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%82%D0%B0-ledger)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/ledger-card)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/ledger%E3%82%AB%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/ledger-%EC%B9%B4%EB%93%9C)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ledger-kart)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/cartao-ledger)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

YOUR CRYPTO, YOUR LIFE

# Take your  
crypto further

The CL Card powered by Ledger and provided by Baanx*

Quick, safe transfers between the CL Card & Ledger Live.  
Spend your crypto or use it as collateral.  
  
  
The CL Card powered by Ledger and provided by Baanx is currently available to
UK and EEA* customers.  
  
[Create an account now](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/get-clcard "Create an
account now") Don't have a Ledger?

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/cl-card-
main2.png)

## Pay with crypto in your day-to-day life across 90 million merchants.

### Quick and safe transfers between the Card & Ledger Live

Top up and manage the CL Card through the Ledger Live app and your Ledger
wallet quickly and securely.

![Quick and safe transfers between the Card & Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/cl-card-step1.png)

### Spend your crypto or use it as collateral

Choose to spend crypto**, or use Cryptodraft and Stableloan features which
give you an instant line of credit to spend by using your crypto as
collateral. Rates start from 0%.***  
  
Cryptodraft: Get extra funds to spend on the card without selling your crypto!
Easily access a line of stablecoin credit, while using your crypto as
collateral. Stableloans: With a quick and hassle-free set up, you can
instantly take out a line of stablecoin credit.

![Spend your crypto or use it as collateral](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/cl-card-step2.png)

### Earn cashback on every purchase

Shop online or in-store with your CL Card and earn 1% cashback in BTC, USDT or
2% in BXX with more crypto cashback to come.***

![Earn cashback on every purchase](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/CL-card-1.png)

### Instant fiat conversion at the time of purchase

Spend crypto at over 90 million merchants and online stores, with instant
conversion to fiat at the time of purchase.

![Instant fiat conversion at the time of purchase](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/cl-card-step4.png)

1

## How to start spending your crypto using your Ledger wallet and the CL Card
?

  * 01

Get a Ledger wallet and [download Ledger Live
app](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * 02

Go to the Card section and create a CL Card account

  * 03

Top up the CL Card account securely with crypto using your Ledger wallet

  * 04

You’re ready to spend at over 90 million merchants and online stores

The CL Card powered by Ledger and provided by Baanx is currently available to
UK and EEA* customers.

[Create an account now](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/baanx-clcard "Create an
account now")

## Find your perfect Ledger hardware wallet

[Compare our hardware wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus™](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus™ ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus™")

__________4.5/5 - 1 552 Reviews

The perfect entry-level hardware wallet to securely manage all your crypto and
NFTs.  
  

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X™](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X™ ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X™")

__________4.4/5 - 11 429 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto & NFTs on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & mobile
  * Bluetooth®
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/07/Staxmain-1.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable hardware wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink®
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth®
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our hardware wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/faq/ledger-card-faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions about crypto card powered by Ledger

__Do I need to have a Ledger wallet to get the CL Card?

You don’t need a Ledger wallet to get or use the CL Card. However, if you want
to enhance the security of your CL Card user experience, we highly recommend
using your CL Card with your Ledger wallet.  By combining your Ledger wallet
with the Ledger Live app, you can seamlessly and securely move your assets
between your Ledger wallet and the CL Card, taking advantage of Ledger’s
unique digital security ecosystem.

__What does "powered by Ledger" stand for?

The CL Card is operated by Baanx and integrated with Ledger’s unique digital
security ecosystem which allows users to move their assets quickly, seamlessly
and securely between their secured Ledger wallet and the CL Card, by using the
Ledger Live app.

__Can I use my crypto as collateral?

Yes, you can use Cryptodraft or Stableloan and open a line of credit to spend
on your card.***

__Can I earn cashback with my CL Card?

Every time you spend with your CL Card, you earn rewards.*** To enable
rewards, you first need to select the crypto you want to receive cashback in,
currently available in BTC, USDT, and BXX. The reward amount will be
calculated based on all the transactions you’ve made with your CL Card
throughout the month. At the end of each month, you will receive a 1% reward
for the total amount of card transactions (BTC, USDT) or a 2% reward if you
choose BXX.

__Is the crypto-to-fiat conversion carried out directly from my Ledger wallet?

No, you need to fund your CL Card before you start spending. You can fund the
card with the crypto you have in your Ledger Live wallet. Crypto-to-fiat
conversion will take place at the time of purchase.

__Do I keep self-custody of funds that are transferred to my CL Card account?

No. You have total ownership over your assets as long as their private keys
are safely stored in your Ledger wallet. Once you transfer funds from your
Ledger wallet to your CL account, they are no longer under self-custody.

__Can I add my CL Card to Apple Pay?

Yes, adding your CL Card to Apple Pay is easy.  
[Check out these FAQs](https://withcl.com/faq/) to learn more about using
Apple Pay with your CL Card.

__Where can I find more information about the CL Card?

More information is available in Ledger’s Help Center: [CL Card
FAQs](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/5283612250653-Crypto-Life-
CL-Card-FAQ?support=true)

* The CL Card and its features are provided by Baanx Group Ltd (in the UK), Baanx US Corp (in the United States) and Frozen Time UNIPESSOAL LDA (in the EU). ** Your crypto will be automatically converted to fiat at the time purchase. ***Feature availability depending on your region of residence, and subject to eligibility conditions. For more details, see [CL Card Legal Terms & Conditions](https://www.withcl.com/legal/ "CL Card Legal Terms & Conditions") The CL Card powered by Ledger is a prepaid Mastercard issued by Optimus Cards UK Limited, a principal member of Mastercard and authorized as an E-Money Institution by the Financial Conduct Authority (Firm Reference Number 902034). Optimus Cards UK Ltd is registered in England & Wales, No. 09044866 with their Registered Office address at Suite A, 6 Honduras Street, London, England, EC1Y 0TH.

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/%D8%A8%D8%B7%D8%A7%D9%82%D8%A9-ledger)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/ledger-%E5%8D%A1)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/cartenbspcl)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ledger-card)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/%D0%9A%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%82%D0%B0-ledger)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/ledger-card)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/ledger%E3%82%AB%E3%83%BC%E3%83%89)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/ledger-%EC%B9%B4%EB%93%9C)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ledger-kart)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/cartao-ledger)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

