Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Development Networks

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow),
February 21, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is a development network?
  * Available tools
    * Ganache
    * Hardhat Network
    * Local Beacon Chains
    * Public Ethereum Test-chains
    * Kurtosis Ethereum Package
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

When building an Ethereum application with smart contracts, you'll want to run
it on a local network to see how it works before deploying it.

Similar to how you might run a local server on your computer for web
development, you can use a development network to create a local blockchain
instance to test your dapp. These Ethereum development networks provide
features that allow for much faster iteration than a public testnet (for
instance you donâ€™t need to deal with acquiring ETH from a testnet faucet).

## Prerequisites

You should understand the [basics of the Ethereum
stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/) and [Ethereum
networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/) before diving into development
networks.

## What is a development network?

Development networks are essentially Ethereum clients (implementations of
Ethereum) designed specifically for local development.

**Why not just run a standard Ethereum node locally?**

You _could_ [run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#running-your-
own-node) but since development networks are purpose-built for development,
they often come packed with convenient features like:

  * Deterministically seeding your local blockchain with data (e.g. accounts with ETH balances)
  * Instantly producing blocks with each transaction it receives, in order and with no delay
  * Enhanced debugging and logging functionality

## Available tools

**Note** : Most [development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)
include a built-in development network. We recommend starting with a framework
to [set up your local development environment](/en/developers/local-
environment/).

### Ganache

Quickly fire up a personal Ethereum blockchain which you can use to run tests,
execute commands, and inspect state while controlling how the chain operates.

Ganache provides both a desktop application (Ganache UI), as well as a
command-line tool (`ganache-cli`). It is part of the Truffle suite of tools.

  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.trufflesuite.com/ganache)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/trufflesuite/ganache)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://www.trufflesuite.com/docs/ganache/overview)

### Hardhat Network

A local Ethereum network designed for development. It allows you to deploy
your contracts, run your tests and debug your code.

Hardhat Network comes built-in with Hardhat, an Ethereum development
environment for professionals.

  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://hardhat.org/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nomiclabs/hardhat)

### Local Beacon Chains

Some consensus clients have built-in tools for spinning up local beacon chains
for testing purposes. Instructions for Lighthouse, Nimbus and Lodestar are
available:

  * [Local testnet using Lodestar(opens in a new tab)](https://chainsafe.github.io/lodestar/usage/local/)
  * [Local testnet using Lighthouse(opens in a new tab)](https://lighthouse-book.sigmaprime.io/setup.html#local-testnets)
  * [Local testnet using Nimbus(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/status-im/nimbus-eth1/blob/master/fluffy/docs/local_testnet.md)

### Public Ethereum Test-chains

There are also two maintained public test implementations of Ethereum: Goerli
and Sepolia. The recommended testnet with long-term support is Goerli, which
anyone is free to validate on. Sepolia is a newer, smaller chain also expected
to be maintained for the foreseeable future, with a permissioned validator set
(meaning there is no general access to new validators on this testnet). The
Ropsten chain is expected to be deprecated in Q4 2022, and the Rinkeby chain
is expected to be deprecated in Q2/Q3 2023.

  * [Goerli Staking Launchpad(opens in a new tab)](https://goerli.launchpad.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ropsten, Rinkeby & Kiln Deprecation Announcement(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2022/06/21/testnet-deprecation)

### Kurtosis Ethereum Package

Kurtosis is a build system for multi-container test environments which enables
developers to locally spin up reproducible instances of blockchain networks.

The Ethereum Kurtosis package can be used to quickly instantiate a
parameterizable, highly scalable, and private Ethereum testnet over Docker or
Kubernetes. The package supports all major Execution Layer (EL) and Consensus
Layer (CL) clients. Kurtosis gracefully handles all local port mappings and
service connections for a representative network to be used in validation and
testing workflows relating to Ethereum core infrastructure.

  * [Ethereum network package(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/ethereum-package)
  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.kurtosis.com/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/kurtosis-tech/kurtosis)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.kurtosis.com/)

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)
  * [Set up a local development environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/development-networks/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is a development network?
    * Available tools
      * Ganache
      * Hardhat Network
      * Local Beacon Chains
      * Public Ethereum Test-chains
      * Kurtosis Ethereum Package
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

