![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/cara-kerja)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/com-funciona)
      * [Dansk](/da/hvordan-det-fungerer)
      * [Deutsch](/de/wie-es-funktioniert)
      * [English](/en/how-it-works)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/como-funciona)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/comment-ca-marche)
      * [Italiano](/it/come-funziona)
      * [Magyar](/hu/hogyan-mukodik)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/hoe-het-werkt)
      * [Polski](/pl/jak-to-dziala)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/como-funciona)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/cum-functioneaza)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/kako-deluje)
      * [Srpski](/sr/kako-to-radi)
      * [Svenska](/sv/hur-det-fungerar)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/nasil-calisir)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/how-it-works)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/how-it-works)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/how-it-works)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/how-it-works)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/how-it-works)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/how-it-works)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/how-it-works)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/how-it-works)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/how-it-works)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/how-it-works)
      * [ááááá](/km/how-it-works)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/how-it-works)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/how-it-works)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/how-it-works)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# How does Bitcoin work?

This is a question often surrounded by confusion, so here's a quick
explanation!

![icon](/img/icons/new-user.svg?1716491272)

## The basics for a new user

As a new user, you can [get started](/en/getting-started) with Bitcoin without
understanding the technical details. Once you've installed a Bitcoin wallet on
your computer or mobile phone, it will generate your first Bitcoin address and
you can create more whenever you need one. You can disclose your addresses to
your friends so that they can pay you or vice versa. In fact, this is pretty
similar to how email works, except that Bitcoin addresses should be used only
once.

![icon](/img/icons/blockchain.svg?1716491272)

## Balances \- block chain

The block chain is a **shared public ledger** on which the entire Bitcoin
network relies. All confirmed transactions are included in the block chain. It
allows Bitcoin wallets to calculate their spendable balance so that new
transactions can be verified thereby ensuring they're actually owned by the
spender. The integrity and the chronological order of the block chain are
enforced with [cryptography](/en/vocabulary#cryptography).

![icon](/img/icons/private-keys.svg?1716491272)

## Transactions \- private keys

A transaction is **a transfer of value between Bitcoin wallets** that gets
included in the block chain. Bitcoin wallets keep a secret piece of data
called a [_private key_](/en/vocabulary#private-key) or seed, which is used to
sign transactions, providing a mathematical proof that they have come from the
owner of the wallet. The [_signature_](/en/vocabulary#signature) also prevents
the transaction from being altered by anybody once it has been issued. All
transactions are broadcast to the network and usually begin to be confirmed
within 10-20 minutes, through a process called
[_mining_](/en/vocabulary#mining).

![icon](/img/icons/mining.svg?1716491272)

## Processing \- mining

Mining is a **distributed consensus system** that is used to
[_confirm_](/en/vocabulary#confirmation) pending transactions by including
them in the block chain. It enforces a chronological order in the block chain,
protects the neutrality of the network, and allows different computers to
agree on the state of the system. To be confirmed, transactions must be packed
in a [_block_](/en/vocabulary#block) that fits very strict cryptographic rules
that will be verified by the network. These rules prevent previous blocks from
being modified because doing so would invalidate all the subsequent blocks.
Mining also creates the equivalent of a competitive lottery that prevents any
individual from easily adding new blocks consecutively to the block chain. In
this way, no group or individuals can control what is included in the block
chain or replace parts of the block chain to roll back their own spends.

![icon](/img/icons/paper.svg?1716491272)

## Going down the rabbit hole

This is just a short summary of Bitcoin. If you want to learn more of the
details, you can [read the original paper](/en/bitcoin-paper) that describes
its design, the [developer documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/), or
explore the [Bitcoin wiki](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Main_Page).

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/cara-kerja)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/com-funciona)
      * [Dansk](/da/hvordan-det-fungerer)
      * [Deutsch](/de/wie-es-funktioniert)
      * [English](/en/how-it-works)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/como-funciona)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/comment-ca-marche)
      * [Italiano](/it/come-funziona)
      * [Magyar](/hu/hogyan-mukodik)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/hoe-het-werkt)
      * [Polski](/pl/jak-to-dziala)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/como-funciona)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/cum-functioneaza)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/kako-deluje)
      * [Srpski](/sr/kako-to-radi)
      * [Svenska](/sv/hur-det-fungerar)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/nasil-calisir)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/how-it-works)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/how-it-works)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/how-it-works)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/how-it-works)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/how-it-works)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/how-it-works)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/how-it-works)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/how-it-works)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/how-it-works)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/how-it-works)
      * [ááááá](/km/how-it-works)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/how-it-works)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/how-it-works)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/how-it-works)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

