[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZWJ1aWxkLW1hci0yMDI0LWZlZWRiYWNrLXJvdW5kdXAtNzE3NjY2NDQyODUwMzk5NjI5Nj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZWJ1aWxkLW1hci0yMDI0LWZlZWRiYWNrLXJvdW5kdXAtNzE3NjY2NDQyODUwMzk5NjI5Nj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# #BinanceBuild Mar 2024: Feedback Roundup

2024-04-19

[Binance Build](/blog/tag/binance-build-41)

## Main Takeaways

  * In March 2024, our Binance teams processed 569 proposed new ideas shared by our user community via the [_Feature Request & Feedback Board_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry).

  * This resulted in crucial updates significantly enhancing user experiences across a variety of product lines, including futures and margin trading, copy trading and Binance Square.

  * Keep an eye on our official social media platforms for weekly updates on the newest product features from Binance under the hashtag [_#BinanceBuild_](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23binancebuild%20%40binance&src=typed_query&f=live).

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/ca002eef-f16d-47a7-a465-cdc8f1f3cb75)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services mentioned here may not
be available in your region._

_Welcome to our third #BinanceBuild update of 2024 — showcasing the recent
improvements made to the Binance ecosystem during the month of March. Our
progress is recognized not only by the big feature updates but also the more
nuanced refinements, many inspired directly from your suggestions via our_[
__Feature Request & Feedback Board__](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-
support/feedback/entry) _._

_In this current version, we introduce a variety of fresh updates that have
emerged directly from your proposals, highlighting our relentless commitment
to evolve your Binance experience into one that's more user-centric,
efficient, and rewarding._

## **Increase Capital Efficiency with Portfolio Margin**

Earlier this month, Binance extended its [_Portfolio
Margin_](https://www.binance.com/en/portfolio-margin) solution to regular
users who meet certain criteria, broadening access to a deeper pool of
advanced traders looking to streamline their margin and futures trading needs.

### Portfolio Margin

Portfolio Margin is a unified wallet consolidating USDⓈ-M Futures, COIN-M
Futures and Cross Margin balances in one place. Once activated, eligible users
can trade with upwards of 360 supported collateral assets — the widest
supported list in the industry — from USDⓈ-M Futures, COIN-M Futures, and/or
Cross Margin balances as one joint collateral. This streamlined system opens
up much more flexibility in users’ trading strategies while offering a more
comprehensive assessment of their overall exposure.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/fa71e182-8e07-4038-b66c-f4c1a3ad2898)

### Portfolio Margin PNL Page

Portfolio Margin features its own Profit and Loss (PNL) page with detailed
visual breakdowns packaged into a comprehensive, single-dashboard view.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/2d2731db-0355-49e0-9cf3-caea456bf943)

## **Keeping It Private with Binance Copy Trading**

###  Private Portfolios

The introduction of Private Portfolios allows Lead Traders to build personal
investment portfolios, access to which is exclusive to those copiers who are
privileged with an invitation code. Uniquely, Lead Traders can manage both
their private and public portfolios concurrently, ensuring a versatile trading
environment.

###
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/c087e22a-8dbe-4c80-bc8a-c6700bff48e3)

## **Binance Square: Improved Navigation**

###  Coin & Cashtag Detection

We've refined the Binance Square system to introduce an automatic
identification feature. Now, whenever a coin is referenced in creator posts,
it will be tagged automatically. Moreover, these mentioned coins will come
equipped with an embedded link, navigating users directly to the token's
trading page.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/5f3d6842-0565-4ee8-9bff-d932067799d1)

## **General Updates: A Streamlined Journey  **

These upgrades are intended to simplify your user experience, provide enhanced
transparency, and elevate the overall accessibility of our platform. Let's
dive in:

### Add Multiple Wallet Addresses in One Go

Skip the tedious, singular entry system. Streamline your "Address Management"
with our new feature facilitating the simultaneous addition of multiple
addresses. Our reimagined UI ensures this process is seamless for wallets from
all networks.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/6398c1ca-9cc6-492c-b446-5dd7486db347)

### Refined Assets Overview Page with CoinView

The CoinView feature is designed to provide an interactive dropdown list for
each of your token holdings. This allows for easy tracking of your balance
allocation across a diverse range of Binance products. Delivering an all-
encompassing view of your assets, CoinView promotes efficient asset
management.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/82ef58a9-c996-4369-ae2f-0c1a81e33ed0)

### Increased Visibility for Launchpad Tokens

Find your newly acquired launchpad tokens effortlessly in your wallet, clearly
marked with a "Launchpad" tag next to the ticker. These tokens remain visible
irrespective of the "hide small asset" filter being applied — even before the
token commences trading.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/db0e1d0a-4890-46ad-858f-6367b7944ea3)

### Kline Price Alerts

Updated for your convenience, alerts created on the Kline Charts can now be
displayed across both mobile and web app charts. In addition, adjusting your
alert settings and parameters has never been easier. Simply drag and drop to
your active alerts to your new desired price level.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240419/ab5c6bc9-8792-450b-a788-7ae4d6aedacf)

## **Other Features Released in March**

  * **Drag & Drop Open Orders: **We have added a feature enabling users to modify open orders via drag & drop directly on the kline charts — TP/SL and more! 

  * **Kline Area Charts:** The introduction of the Area Chart type makes for a total of 4 different chart types to choose from when displaying price action.

  * **Browse through Copy Trading Portfolios:** Similar to a digital matchmaking experience, effortlessly swipe through an array of available portfolios tailored for copiers. Swipe right to bookmark your favorites, and swipe left to bypass!

  * **Enhanced 2FA Risk Engine:** The newly updated risk engine is set to freeze all withdrawals and P2P transactions for 24 hours whenever any passkeys are removed from a users’ account. 

## **Building Together: A Look Ahead**

As we wrap up this edition of #BinanceBuild, it's clear that the enhancements
showcased are more than routine updates; they resonate with our pledge to
elevate your user experience. Each update signifies a significant stride in
our voyage through the domain of finance and crypto. Bear in mind, it is your
feedback that catalyzes our innovation, and jointly, we shape a more intuitive
ecosystem.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Expanding Portfolio Margin to Non-VIP Users_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/expanding-portfolio-margin-to-nonvip-users-1039210214583454855)

  * [ _How to Make Your Bitcoin Work for You With Binance Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/how-to-make-your-bitcoin-work-for-you-with-binance-earn-3014359213109342390)

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: Upholding Ecosystem Integrity_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-upholding-ecosystem-integrity-9101007786905528323)

  * [ _#BinanceBuild Feb 2024: Feedback Roundup_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binancebuild-feb-2024-feedback-roundup-6818787323280561390)

* * *

 _**Disclaimer:**__Digital asset prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you may
not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur.
Past performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should
only invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the
risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial
situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent
financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be
construed as financial advice. For more information, see our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,923,183 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

#BinanceBuild Mar 2024: Feedback Roundup

Main Takeaways

Increase Capital Efficiency with Portfolio Margin

Keeping It Private with Binance Copy Trading

Binance Square: Improved Navigation

General Updates: A Streamlined Journey

Other Features Released in March

Building Together: A Look Ahead

Further Reading

194,923,183 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

