[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZWJ1aWxkLWFwcmlsLTIwMjQtZmVlZGJhY2stcm91bmR1cC00MDAxNjYyNzkxMDg0NDQ5NjAxP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZWJ1aWxkLWFwcmlsLTIwMjQtZmVlZGJhY2stcm91bmR1cC00MDAxNjYyNzkxMDg0NDQ5NjAxP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# #BinanceBuild April 2024: Feedback Roundup

2024-05-17

[Binance Build](/blog/tag/binance-build-41)

## Main Takeaways

  * In April 2024, our Binance teams processed 396 product and feature ideas shared by our user community via the [_Feature Request & Feedback Board_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry).

  * As the market gains momentum, suggestions for asset management tools and enhancements in security features are growing increasingly prominent.

  * We also just launched #[_BinanceBuild Spotlight_](https://twitter.com/binance/status/1788116636915888505) , a weekly series showcasing how we turn your feedback into a final product

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240516/f70e7a20-7382-4a79-8b98-91be107ccd21)

 _This is a general announcement. Products and services mentioned here may not
be available in your region._

_Step into the April edition of our 2024_[
__#BinanceBuild__](https://twitter.com/search?q=%23binancebuild%20%40binance&src=typed_query&f=live)
_recap — Your window into the recent enhancements across the Binance
ecosystem. #BinanceBuild showcases our holistic journey of progress. While
expansive feature updates form its cornerstone, the subtle refinements
inspired by your invaluable suggestions from our_[ __Feature Request &
Feedback Board__](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
_, equally define our growth._

_In this edition, we recount and spotlight   a couple of key themes that
emerged directly from your user proposals in April — Remember, your voice
matters!_

## **Protecting Your Assets and Avoiding High-Stake Mistakes**

The absence of robust security measures often proves to be a costly mistake
made by participants in the crypto market. From mislaid devices to complex
social engineering schemes or compromised confidential information, it is
vital for all users to remain updated on the most recent security measures and
protocols linked to their exchange accounts.

As the markets heat up, so does the temptation for rogue players to exploit
the crypto space and your assets. To stay ahead, we’ve strategically
implemented a series of enhancements to our two-factor authentication &
passkeys procedures last month.

### Two-Factor Authentication & Passkeys

We're excited to roll out two significant improvements to our 2FA reset
procedures. The first is a comprehensive redesign and revamp aimed at reducing
user errors. This improvement facilitates a higher success rate for resets
through a more intuitive and streamlined interface. Secondly, we've introduced
a new feature that allows users to independently reset their passkeys, a
feature previously unavailable without seeking help from a Binance Customer
Service Representative.

It's significant to note that the 48-hour withdrawal suspension via
withdrawals, P2P selling, payment services, and Binance Card applications,
remains consistent with the revamped flow – a safeguard to preserve the
integrity of your account amid such security changes.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240516/6f89e07b-e713-4338-bbdd-c2be2791924c)

### Instant Feedback for Reset Failures

In the past, when a reset request was denied by our internal risk operation
team, the user was only presented with a case ID number, devoid of any
explanation or reasoning. To understand the reason for the denial, the user
had to reach out to a Customer Service Representative with their case ID.
However, we've improved our approach to enhance transparency and timeliness.
Now, in the event of a denial, users will be immediately provided with the
reason directly on the failed request screen itself. This empowers the user to
take more informed next steps, not only increasing the likelihood of approval
in their subsequent application but also eliminates the need for an extended
customer service interaction, streamlining the overall experience.

## **Prioritizing Crypto Documentation and Taxation**

Amid the excitement of the market upcycles, maintaining accurate records of
your trading and investment activities remains of high importance to file your
taxes appropriately.

Inspired by your user feedback and the wider trend, the product team ushered
in an upgraded interface for users seeking to gather and export their account
information to aid with reporting.

### Binance Financial Reports

From your Binance desktop or web application, you'll now notice a new
'Financial Reports' option within the 'Account' dropdown menu. Specially
crafted to aid users with their internal tax filing needs, this function
generates reports that comply with local regulations, providing swift
convenience and ready reference. Currently, we cater to tax regulatory
requirements for Spain, Bahrain, UAE, and Italy. Stay tuned as we're on our
way to extend this support to El Salvador, Australia, New Zealand, Kazakhstan,
and many more very soon. Check it out -

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240516/f92070ed-d42a-4163-b479-c86064679b32)_Please
note that the Financial Reports tool is subject to this_[
__Disclaimer__](https://www.binance.com/en/tax/disclaimer) _._

###  Exporting your Transaction History

For a long time, we've received feedback regarding users' inability to export
transaction records for full, or even multiple, years. Although our existing
custom time filter addressed this concern, we've further enhanced the user
experience. Now, we've added a series of quick filters to simplify and
streamline the process for users.

### The Finishing Touch: Withdrawals

Once you've successfully put together the necessary records for your personal
and regulatory obligations, you might find yourself needing to initiate some
withdrawals. Rest assured, as we've improved the exchange withdrawal procedure
in April by introducing a revamped page featuring clear visual workflows for
your guidance. Have a look -

##
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240516/d79addfc-3f18-4af3-9b9c-32c8a055d21e)

## **Other Notable Features Released in April**

  * **Reopen the app with Web3 Wallet:** Previously, each time users closed and reopened the app, they found themselves redirected to the exchange page by default. However, with the recent update, if you were last in the Web3 Wallet prior to exiting, you will be navigated back to the wallet upon your next app launch.

  * **New functionality from your Wallet Overview page:** We've integrated the 'Withdraw' and 'Transfer' functions directly into your Wallet Overview. This streamlines the workflow, effectively reducing the steps and workflow involved - a more fluent and user-friendly navigation experience.

## **Building Together: A Look Ahead**

As we draw the curtains on this edition of #BinanceBuild, it's clear that the
improvements presented aren't just nominal updates but rather an exhibit of
our commitment to elevating your experience in a secure and compliant manner.
Every update signifies a stride forward as we navigate the ever-evolving
terrain of the crypto. Remember that it's your invaluable feedback that fuels
our innovation, and together, we are shaping the future of Binance together.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Web3 Wallet: ARC-20 Integration, Taproot, and Other Enhanced Features_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-web3-wallet-arc20-integration-taproot-and-other-enhanced-features-5897698608861188540?lang=en)

  * [ _Spot Copy Trading: Unlock Expert Strategies With Just a Click!_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/spot-copy-trading-unlock-expert-strategies-with-just-a-click-2504840063734064666?lang=en)  

  * [_#BinanceBuild Mar 2024: Feedback Roundup_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binancebuild-mar-2024-feedback-roundup-7176664428503996296)

* * *

 _**Disclaimer:**__Digital asset prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you may
not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur.
Past performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should
only invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the
risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial
situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent
financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be
construed as financial advice. For more information, see our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,910,379 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

#BinanceBuild April 2024: Feedback Roundup

Main Takeaways

Protecting Your Assets and Avoiding High-Stake Mistakes

Prioritizing Crypto Documentation and Taxation

Other Notable Features Released in April

Building Together: A Look Ahead

Further Reading

194,910,379 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

