Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Introduction to smart contracts

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), April
22, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * What is a smart contract?
  * Prerequisites
  * A digital vending machine
  * Permissionless
  * Composability
  * Limitations
  * Multisig contracts
  * Smart contract resources
  * Further reading

## What is a smart contract?

A "smart contract" is simply a program that runs on the Ethereum blockchain.
It's a collection of code (its functions) and data (its state) that resides at
a specific address on the Ethereum blockchain.

Smart contracts are a type of [Ethereum
account](/en/developers/docs/accounts/). This means they have a balance and
can be the target of transactions. However they're not controlled by a user,
instead they are deployed to the network and run as programmed. User accounts
can then interact with a smart contract by submitting transactions that
execute a function defined on the smart contract. Smart contracts can define
rules, like a regular contract, and automatically enforce them via the code.
Smart contracts cannot be deleted by default, and interactions with them are
irreversible.

## Prerequisites

If you're just getting started or looking for a less technical introduction,
we recommend our [introduction to smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

Make sure you've read up on [accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/),
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/) and the [Ethereum virtual
machine](/en/developers/docs/evm/) before jumping into the world of smart
contracts.

## A digital vending machine

Perhaps the best metaphor for a smart contract is a vending machine, as
described by [Nick Szabo(opens in a new
tab)](https://unenumerated.blogspot.com/). With the right inputs, a certain
output is guaranteed.

To get a snack from a vending machine:

    
    
    1money + snack selection = snack dispensed

This logic is programmed into the vending machine.

A smart contract, like a vending machine, has logic programmed into it. Here's
a simple example of how this vending machine would look if it were a smart
contract written in Solidity:

    
    
    1pragma solidity 0.8.7;
    
    2
    
    3contract VendingMachine {
    
    4
    
    5    // Declare state variables of the contract
    
    6    address public owner;
    
    7    mapping (address => uint) public cupcakeBalances;
    
    8
    
    9    // When 'VendingMachine' contract is deployed:
    
    10    // 1. set the deploying address as the owner of the contract
    
    11    // 2. set the deployed smart contract's cupcake balance to 100
    
    12    constructor() {
    
    13        owner = msg.sender;
    
    14        cupcakeBalances[address(this)] = 100;
    
    15    }
    
    16
    
    17    // Allow the owner to increase the smart contract's cupcake balance
    
    18    function refill(uint amount) public {
    
    19        require(msg.sender == owner, "Only the owner can refill.");
    
    20        cupcakeBalances[address(this)] += amount;
    
    21    }
    
    22
    
    23    // Allow anyone to purchase cupcakes
    
    24    function purchase(uint amount) public payable {
    
    25        require(msg.value >= amount * 1 ether, "You must pay at least 1 ETH per cupcake");
    
    26        require(cupcakeBalances[address(this)] >= amount, "Not enough cupcakes in stock to complete this purchase");
    
    27        cupcakeBalances[address(this)] -= amount;
    
    28        cupcakeBalances[msg.sender] += amount;
    
    29    }
    
    30}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Like how a vending machine removes the need for a vendor employee, smart
contracts can replace intermediaries in many industries.

## Permissionless

Anyone can write a smart contract and deploy it to the network. You just need
to learn how to code in a [smart contract language](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/languages/), and have enough ETH to deploy your contract. Deploying
a smart contract is technically a transaction, so you need to pay
[gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/) in the same way you need to pay gas for a
simple ETH transfer. However, gas costs for contract deployment are far
higher.

Ethereum has developer-friendly languages for writing smart contracts:

  * Solidity
  * Vyper

[More on languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

However, they must be compiled before they can be deployed so that Ethereum's
virtual machine can interpret and store the contract. [More on
compilation](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

## Composability

Smart contracts are public on Ethereum and can be thought of as open APIs.
This means you can call other smart contracts in your own smart contract to
greatly extend what's possible. Contracts can even deploy other contracts.

Learn more about [smart contract composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/composability/).

## Limitations

Smart contracts alone cannot get information about "real-world" events because
they can't retrieve data from off-chain sources. This means they can't respond
to events in the real world. This is by design. Relying on external
information could jeopardise consensus, which is important for security and
decentralization.

However, it is important for blockchain applications to be able to use off-
chain data. The solution is [oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/) which are
tools that ingest off-chain data and make it available to smart contracts.

Another limitation of smart contracts is the maximum contract size. A smart
contract can be a maximum of 24KB or it will run out of gas. This can be
circumnavigated by using [The Diamond Pattern(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2535).

## Multisig contracts

Multisig (multiple-signature) contracts are smart contract accounts that
require multiple valid signatures to execute a transaction. This is very
useful for avoiding single points of failure for contracts holding substantial
amounts of ether or other tokens. Multisigs also divide responsibility for
contract execution and key management between multiple parties and prevent the
loss of a single private key leading to irreversible loss of funds. For these
reasons, multisig contracts can be used for simple DAO governance. Multisigs
require N signatures out of M possible acceptable signatures (where N ≤ M, and
M > 1) in order to execute. `N = 3, M = 5` and `N = 4, M = 7` are commonly
used. A 4/7 multisig requires four out of seven possible valid signatures.
This means the funds are still retrievable even if three signatures are lost.
In this case, it also means that the majority of key-holders must agree and
sign in order for the contract to execute.

## Smart contract resources

**OpenZeppelin Contracts -** **_Library for secure smart contract
development._**

  * [openzeppelin.com/contracts/(opens in a new tab)](https://openzeppelin.com/contracts/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts)
  * [Community Forum(opens in a new tab)](https://forum.openzeppelin.com/c/general/16)

## Further reading

  * [Coinbase: What is a smart contract?(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/learn/crypto-basics/what-is-a-smart-contract)
  * [Chainlink: What is a smart contract?(opens in a new tab)](https://chain.link/education/smart-contracts)
  * [Video: Simply Explained - Smart Contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://youtu.be/ZE2HxTmxfrI)
  * [Cyfrin Updraft: Web3 learning and auditing platform(opens in a new tab)](https://updraft.cyfrin.io)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/index.md)
  * On this page

    * What is a smart contract?
    * Prerequisites
    * A digital vending machine
    * Permissionless
    * Composability
    * Limitations
    * Multisig contracts
    * Smart contract resources
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

