[![Untitled UI logomark](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65580f0610fc4a00597b272c_Symbol.svg)![Untitled
UI logotext](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6536bc3a9c3fa5553856743e_Text.svg)](/)

[Hocme](/)

Resources

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6538630780fee071fdeb7623_Chevron.svg)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e4df4d90d724e63ca73_play.svg)Video
tutorialsWatch and learn about GOOSEFX with guided
walkthroughs.](https://www.youtube.com/@GooseFX1)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e5a2efa4dbb07442597_Blog%20filled.svg)DocumentationLearn
about GOOSEFX and how we work in-
depth.](https://docs.goosefx.io/)[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65484e65a6c2f6a8f371a54a_help-
square.svg)Help and supportLearn, fix a problem, and get answers to your
questions.](https://discord.com/channels/833693973687173121/833725691983822918)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/65ef451707398afc17f7f067_Media%20Kit.svg)Media
KitBrand and assets, including our logo, content and trademarks.](/media-kit)

Socials

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6538630780fee071fdeb7623_Chevron.svg)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/66353903e9d959a1657ff1ff_Socials%3DX%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Twitter](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6635396d991ca3d93e8e3f29_Socials%3DDiscord%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Discord](https://discord.com/invite/cDEPXpY26q)[![](https://assets-
global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/6635398c12a7e55d73617b47_Socials%3DTelegram%2C%20Theme%3DDarkmode%2C%20State%3DHover.svg)Telegram](https://t.me/goosefx)

[Launch App](https://app.goosefx.io/farm)

[Launch App](https://app.goosefx.io/farm)

![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/65298be98463cc3a8a0d7d4a/653860022fec2c9c648155a8_Hamburger.svg)

[ Home](/)

7 min read

# Risks & Disclaimers

Updated on

January 2024

### Security

**Hackers or other malicious groups or organizations may attempt to interfere
with GOFX and/or the GooseFX platform in a variety of ways, including, but not
limited to, malware attacks, denial of service attacks, consensus-based
attacks, Sybil attacks, smurfing, and spoofing. Furthermore, there is a risk
that a third party or a member of the Company, the Distributor or their
respective affiliates may intentionally or unintentionally introduce
weaknesses into the core infrastructure of GOFX and/or the GooseFX platform,
which could negatively affect GOFX and/or the GooseFX platform.**

### Uncertain Regulations and Enforcement Actions

The regulatory status of the GooseFX platform, GOFX and distributed ledger
technology is unclear or unsettled in many jurisdictions. The regulation of
digital assets has become a primary target of regulation in all major
countries in the world. It is impossible to predict how, when or whether
regulatory agencies may apply existing regulations or create new regulations
with respect to such technology and its applications, including GOFX and/or
the GooseFX platform. Regulatory actions could negatively impact GOFX and/or
the GooseFX platform in various ways. The Company, the Distributor (or their
respective affiliates) may cease operations in a jurisdiction in the event
that regulatory actions, or changes to law or regulation, make it illegal to
operate in such jurisdiction, or commercially undesirable to obtain the
necessary regulatory approval(s) to operate in such jurisdiction.

â

### Disclaimer

(d) is not intended to represent any rights under a contract for differences
or under any other contract the purpose or pretended purpose of which is to
secure a profit or avoid a loss;

â

(e) is not intended to be a representation of money (including electronic
money), security, commodity, bond, debt instrument, unit in a collective
investment scheme or any other kind of financial instrument or investment;

â

(f) is not a loan to the Company, the Distributor or any of their respective
affiliates, is not intended to represent a debt owed by the Company, the
Distributor or any of their respective affiliates, and there is no expectation
of profit; and

â

(g) does not provide the token holder with any ownership or other interest in
the Company, the Distributor or any of their respective affiliates.

â

Notwithstanding the GOFX distribution, users have no economic or legal right
over or beneficial interest in the assets of the Company, the Distributor, or
any of their affiliates after the token distribution.

Deemed Representations and Warranties: By accessing the Litepaper or the
Website (or any part thereof), you shall be deemed to represent and warrant to
the Company, the Distributor, their respective affiliates, and the GooseFX
team as follows:

â

(a) in any decision to acquire any GOFX, you have shall not rely on any
statement set out in the Litepaper or the Website;

â

(b) you will and shall at your own expense ensure compliance with all laws,
regulatory requirements and restrictions applicable to you (as the case may
be);

â

(c) you acknowledge, understand and agree that GOFX may have no value, there
is no guarantee or representation of value or liquidity for GOFX, and GOFX is
not an investment product nor is it intended for any speculative investment
whatsoever;

â

(d) none of the Company, the Distributor, their respective affiliates, and/or
the GooseFX team members shall be responsible for or liable for the value of
GOFX, the transferability and/or liquidity of GOFX and/or the availability of
any market for GOFX through third parties or otherwise;

â

(e) you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are not eligible to
participate in the distribution of GOFX if you are a citizen, national,
resident (tax or otherwise), domiciliary and/or green card holder of a
geographic area or country (i) where it is likely that the distribution of
GOFX would be construed as the sale of a security (howsoever named), financial
service or investment product and/or (ii) where participation in token
distributions is prohibited by applicable law, decree, regulation, treaty, or
administrative act (including without limitation the United States of America
and the People's Republic of China); and to this effect you agree to provide
all such identity verification document when requested in order for the
relevant checks to be carried out.

The Company, the Distributor and the GooseFX team do not and do not purport to
make, and hereby disclaims, all representations, warranties or undertaking to
any entity or person (including without limitation warranties as to the
accuracy, completeness, timeliness, or reliability of the contents of the
Litepaper or the Website, or any other materials published by the Company or
the Distributor). To the maximum extent permitted by law, the Company, the
Distributor, their respective affiliates and service providers shall not be
liable for any indirect, special, incidental, consequential or other losses of
any kind, in tort, contract or otherwise (including, without limitation, any
liability arising from default or negligence on the part of any of them, or
any loss of revenue, income or profits, and loss of use or data) arising from
the use of the Litepaper or the Website, or any other materials published, or
its contents (including without limitation any errors or omissions) or
otherwise arising in connection with the same. Prospective acquirors of GOFX
should carefully consider and evaluate all risks and uncertainties (including
financial and legal risks and uncertainties) associated with the distribution
of GOFX, the Company, the Distributor and the GooseFX team.

Informational purposes only: The information set out herein is only
conceptual, and describes the future development goals for the GooseFX
platform to be developed. In particular, the project roadmap in the Litepaper
is being shared in order to outline some of the plans of the GooseFX team, and
is provided solely for INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES and does not constitute any
binding commitment. Please do not rely on this information in deciding whether
to participate in the token distribution because ultimately, the development,
release, and timing of any products, features or functionality remains at the
sole discretion of the Company, the Distributor or their respective
affiliates, and is subject to change. Further, the Litepaper or the Website
may be amended or replaced from time to time. There are no obligations to
update the Litepaper or the Website, or to provide recipients with access to
any information beyond what is provided herein.

Regulatory approval: No regulatory authority has examined or approved, whether
formally or informally, any of the information set out in the Litepaper or the
Website. No such action or assurance has been or will be taken under the laws,
regulatory requirements or rules of any jurisdiction. The publication,
distribution or dissemination of the Litepaper or the Website does not imply
that the applicable laws, regulatory requirements or rules have been complied
with.

Cautionary Note on forward-looking statements: All statements contained
herein, statements made in press releases or in any place accessible by the
public and oral statements that may be made by the Company, the Distributor
and/or the GooseFX team, may constitute forward-looking statements (including
statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations with respect
to market conditions, business strategy and plans, financial condition,
specific provisions and risk management practices). You are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements given that these
statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that may cause the actual future results to be materially different from that
described by such forward-looking statements, and no independent third party
has reviewed the reasonableness of any such statements or assumptions. These
forward-looking statements are applicable only as of the date indicated in the
Litepaper, and the Company, the Distributor as well as the GooseFX team
expressly disclaim any responsibility (whether express or implied) to release
any revisions to these forward-looking statements to reflect events after such
date.

References to companies and platforms: The use of any company and/or platform
names or trademarks herein (save for those which relate to the Company, the
Distributor or their respective affiliates) does not imply any affiliation
with, or endorsement by, any third party. References in the Litepaper or the
Website to specific companies and platforms are for illustrative purposes
only.

English language: The Litepaper and the Website may be translated into a
language other than English for reference purpose only and in the event of
conflict or ambiguity between the English language version and translated
versions of the Litepaper or the Website, the English language versions shall
prevail. You acknowledge that you have read and understood the English
language version of the Litepaper and the Website.

No Distribution: No part of the Litepaper or the Website is to be copied,
reproduced, distributed or disseminated in any way without the prior written
consent of the Company or the Distributor. By attending any presentation on
this Litepaper or by accepting any hard or soft copy of the Litepaper, you
agree to be bound by the foregoing limitations.

