[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Earn Week Is Here! Get Ready for Seven Days of Learning and Earning

2023-07-03

## Main Takeaways

  * To diversify their portfolios, users may choose to convert traditional currencies into fiat or commodity-backed stablecoins.

  * Binance Earn was designed to help users grow assets on autopilot.

  * From July 3 to July 8, enjoy featured events and promotions to learn more about our products and earn awesome rewards.

  * Read more about the campaigns we have here.

_Explore Binance Earn products during the Earn Week (July 3 to 8) and stand to
win rewards when you participate in Earn-related games and activities._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/8c166303-762e-4fbd-83cb-d117f65c107a.png)

Want to step up your crypto game? Get ready for an exciting, innovative, and
interactive week of cryptocurrency education, as Binance proudly presents
Binance Earn Week – a 7-day adventure into the world of digital assets and
blockchain technology.

Learn while you earn! From July 3 to July 8, learn more about Binance Earn
products and participate in our promotional activities, designed for beginners
and experts alike. Binance Earn is a comprehensive suite of products that help
users grow their crypto holdings. By offering Staking, Auto-Invest, and more,
we aim to simplify portfolio optimization and diversification.

Check out the activities below!

## July 3: Fireside Chat With Binance Earn Team

Planning to get started on your crypto journey? Join the Binance team in an
interactive fireside chat as we delve into the essentials of Binance Earn
products like Auto-Invest, Simple Earn, and more.

Look forward to an interesting discussion on the macroeconomic landscape in
Africa and other emerging regions. Hear how Binance Earn products and
cryptocurrency adoption are gaining traction in these areas.

Save the date! The fireside chat will take place online at [_this Binance Live
room_](https://app.binance.com/en/live/video?roomId=2140739&_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZiR2wyWlM5MmFXUmxiejl5YjI5dFNXUTlNakUwTURjek9R)
on July 3 at 12:00 (UTC).

[![https://www.binance.com/en/live/video?roomId=2140739
](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/320b8240-3403-4117-b008-42e5d468f702)](https://www.binance.com/en/live/video?roomId=2140739
)

## July 3: Solve the Daily Riddles to Share $5,000 USDT Rewards

Crack your brain with our seven crypto-themed riddles. Join your local
Telegram group, solve the daily riddles, and stand to share $3,000 in USDT
rewards.

Bonus: Be an active member for 9 consecutive days for a chance to share an
additional 2,000 USDT.

**Promotion Period:**  2023-07-03 00:00 (UTC) to 2023-07-09 23:59 (UTC).

Stay informed and connect with our official Telegram channel's latest news and
announcements.

[![https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-earn-week-solve-
community-riddles-to-share-5-000-usdt-in-gift-
cards-8fb2b36c517a4af8a6b6a78051acb8c3](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/15ebb263-69ab-4a38-a427-444395bd4d64)](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-
earn-week-solve-community-riddles-to-share-5-000-usdt-in-gift-
cards-8fb2b36c517a4af8a6b6a78051acb8c3)

## July 4: Earn Daily Rewards on ETH Staking & Get Up to $55 in BETH Token
Vouchers

Subscribe to ETH Staking during the specified promotion periods below, receive
ETH Staking daily rewards, and earn up to $55 in BETH token vouchers.

### New ETH Staking users only: $5 in BETH token vouchers

The top 300 eligible users will each receive $5 in BETH token vouchers.

**Promotion Period:** 2023-07-04 00:00 (UTC) to 2023-07-24 23:59 (UTC).

### All ETH Staking users: $50 in BETH token vouchers

45 eligible users will each receive $50 in BETH token vouchers.

**Promotion Period:** 2023-07-04 00:00 (UTC) to 2023-07-18 23:59 (UTC).

[_Ethereum (ETH) staking_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/binance-
earn?c=140&navId=140#185) is a mechanism that allows users to earn rewards by
staking and holding ETH on the Binance platform. By staking ETH, users are
also contributing to the operation and maintenance of the Ethereum network.

[![https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/99aab31a557b4d41a85ce66fa59b8770](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/e5dc2c2b-6d0f-4aa5-93b4-beb42d9c8eaa)](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/99aab31a557b4d41a85ce66fa59b8770)

## July 5: Play Games With Crypto Influencers, Share $12,000 In Rewards

On Binance Community Games Day, participate in **Riddles** , **Kahoot** , and
**Quick Fire Trivia** and make some new friends with crypto influencers on
Binance Live. Winners stand a chance to share $12,000 in rewards.

Enter the Binance Live room to start playing.

**Promotion Period** : 2023-07-05 11:00 (UTC) to 2023-07-05 13:00 (UTC).

[![https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/d017cdad0d3d43a49bedb72d08b6d1d4](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/6e201c06-fc8c-4614-a455-3d52c4b406b6.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/d017cdad0d3d43a49bedb72d08b6d1d4)

## July 6: Subscribe to Auto-Invest to Earn Up to 10 USDT in Token Vouchers

During the promotion period, 50,000 eligible users who complete a quiz on COS
can each receive a free Auto-Invest COS monthly plan for five months on a
first-come, first-served basis. What’s more, subscribe to **Auto-Invest during
the promotion period to receive up to 10 USDT** in token vouchers.

**Promotion Period:** Valid until 2023-07-09 23:59 (UTC).

[_Binance Auto-Invest_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/binance-
earn?c=140&navId=140#153) is a user-friendly tool that simplifies
cryptocurrency investments by allowing users to set up recurring purchases of
their favorite digital assets to practice dollar-cost averaging (DCA), making
it effortless to build and diversify their portfolios over time.

[![https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/4a3ef7a7e3f04f8fba9fcd803d2bbbe2](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/d9d2f540-e960-496f-978a-778d2540160a)](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/4a3ef7a7e3f04f8fba9fcd803d2bbbe2)

## July 7:  Complete Binance Simple Earn Quiz, Share 60,000 COMBO in Locked
Products Positions

Get ready for the Simple Earn COMBO Quiz Challenge, brought to you by
[_Binance Simple Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/simple-earn)! The first
50,000 newcomers to Simple Earn who successfully read the COMBO articles and
ace the quiz with perfect scores during the promotional period stand a chance
to win a free COMBO Locked Products position each.

**Promotion Period:** 2023-07-07 10:00 (UTC) to 2023-07-25 10:00 (UTC).

[_Binance Simple Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/binance-
earn?c=140&navId=140#184) is a suite of financial products designed to provide
users with accessible and straightforward opportunities to earn rewards on
idle digital assets.

[![https://www.binance.com/en/survey/ffd10ae70c254ba1ac5af4c04046ff83](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/156a905d-53a5-40fe-83f9-8219406ad6f0)](https://www.binance.com/en/survey/ffd10ae70c254ba1ac5af4c04046ff83)

## July 8:  Purchase the Top Ten Cryptos by Market Cap on Auto-Invest to Share
5,000 USDT in Token Vouchers

Learn about dollar-cost averaging (DCA) and explore the [_Auto-Invest Index-
Linked Plan_](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-
invest?_dp=L21wL2FwcD9hcHBJZD1Bcnp0ZnM5Z1JHbjNnMnRLaVVmRnJCJnN0YXJ0UGFnZVBhdGg9Y0dGblpYTXZVM1ZpYzJOeWFXSmxMMmx1WkdWNCZzdGFydFBhZ2VRdWVyeT1kR0ZpU1c1a1pYZzlNZw==).
It’s designed to help you accumulate the top 10 coins by market cap – based on
CoinMarketCap (CMC) data. Subscribe to Auto-Invest during the Promotion Period
and stand to receive up to 5 USDT in token vouchers.

**Promotion Period:** 2023-07-04 09:00 (UTC) to 2023-07-12 23:59 (UTC).

[![https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/6eae88ecf9964c90922b7373b9b7c1e6](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230703/d5f7cdb3-ad94-4de8-b58f-e56e35367137)](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/6eae88ecf9964c90922b7373b9b7c1e6)

## Get Ready for Binance Earn Week!

Mark your calendars for seven days of learning and fun with our chats and
challenges. Visit the [_Earn Week
website_](https://app.binance.com/en/land/binance-earn-
week?_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZiR0Z1WkM5aWFXNWhibU5sTFdWaGNtNHRkMlZsYXc=)
to begin enhancing and diversifying your crypto portfolio today!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Earn FAQ_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/binance-earn?c=140&navId=140)

  * [ _What Is Binance Earn and How to Use It_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-binance-earn-and-how-to-use-it-bc076f0eb7fb4ae182de6c5eb8968dec)

  * [ _What Is Auto-Invest and How to Use It_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-and-how-to-use-it-3dd41bc1d4ea4879863ffbf2211a17fe)

  * [ _What is ETH Staking_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/binance-eth-2-0-staking-eecd04618b5042c79f2a5b07f895c498)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Earn Week Is Here! Get Ready for Seven Days of Learning and Earning

Main Takeaways

July 3: Fireside Chat With Binance Earn Team

July 3: Solve the Daily Riddles to Share $5,000 USDT Rewards

July 4: Earn Daily Rewards on ETH Staking & Get Up to $55 in BETH Token
Vouchers

July 5: Play Games With Crypto Influencers, Share $12,000 In Rewards

July 6: Subscribe to Auto-Invest to Earn Up to 10 USDT in Token Vouchers

July 7:  Complete Binance Simple Earn Quiz, Share 60,000 COMBO in Locked
Products Positions

July 8:  Purchase the Top Ten Cryptos by Market Cap on Auto-Invest to Share
5,000 USDT in Token Vouchers

Get Ready for Binance Earn Week!

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

