[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * F) Blockchain Basics __
  * ... __
  * Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure

The Classroom

PATHWAY F) Blockchain Basics

chapter 4/4

# Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure

Jun 1, 2023 | **Updated Sep 13, 2023**

__Read 7 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-
protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Consensus%20Mechanisms%3A%20How%20Blockchains%20Stay%20Secure&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-
protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-protocols-how-
are-blockchains-secure
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-
protocols-how-are-blockchains-
secure&title=Consensus%20Mechanisms%3A%20How%20Blockchains%20Stay%20Secure
"Reddit")

![book with pages](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Orange-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The participants in a decentralized network need to come to an agreement
when deciding which data should be added and what shouldn’t in order to keep
the network secure.  
— This decision making process ensures transactions can be completed without
relying on central intermediaries.  
— The rules they use to come to this agreement are called consensus
mechanisms, and there are various different types—including Proof of Work
(PoW) and Proof of Stake (PoS).  
  
_If you want to understand the inner workings of a blockchain network, you’ve
got to wise up on consensus mechanisms. If that sounds new to you, read on.
They’re the whole reason decentralized blockchains even exist._

Consensus mechanisms are necessary for all decentralized blockchains, and by
extension, all cryptocurrencies. To explain, blockchains store their
information distributed across the whole network in nodes. These nodes are
real computers across the world, each with a copy of the blockchain’s entire
history. So, when there’s a new piece of data to add to the network, the nodes
must agree whether it should, or shouldn’t, be added to the chain.

As such, there’s an incredibly meticulous process of deciding which new files
to add. If the network’s nodes had conflicting records, it would cause havoc
on the wider network. For example, you wouldn’t want someone successfully
spending funds they don’t have, or even worse, spending your funds without
your permission!

Well, this is exactly what consensus mechanisms protect against. Since all of
the nodes must participate in the validation of new data, there’s plenty of
chance for participants to flag mistakes or malicious transactions.

In fact, without consensus mechanisms, decentralized networks wouldn’t be
possible. But before we get there, let’s go back to basics. In fact, what is a
consensus mechanism exactly?

## What Is a Consensus Mechanism?

A consensus mechanism is the method in which [blockchain
nodes](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-
one) all come to agreement about whether a piece of data can join the chain.
Essentially, they are just a predetermined set of agreements to decide if they
should—or shouldn’t—add a transaction to their record. This set of agreements
allows a blockchain network to reach a conclusion in a decentralized manner,
meaning there are no supervisors or admins needed.

## What Is Blockchain Consensus For?

Consensus mechanisms are useful for countless reasons, but the two most
notable are; avoiding errors & malicious transactions, and reaching agreement
in a decentralized way.

### Avoiding Errors & Malicious Transactions

When important data and user balances are on the line, it’s extremely
important that the blockchain remains free of errors. This way you can
guarantee the network only contains genuine transactions. Not only that, using
this method will also make sure that malicious transactions are identified.
That way, they don’t join the chain. Multiple nodes are responsible for adding
or rejecting blocks, and this makes it very difficult to sneak a bad
transaction through the validation process.

### Decentralization

A consensus mechanism is also for decentralization. In short, it allows nodes
to come to agreement without a centralized entity’s assistance. However, not
all blockchain networks using a consensus mechanism are decentralized.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Consensus-protocol.png)

If you’ve ever heard the term “strength in numbers”—it applies perfectly to
blockchains. To explain, the less participants there are in the network to
validate and process data, the easier it is for them to reach consensus. As
such, a system secured by just a few people is easily corrupted. That means,
the more participants there are to reach consensus, the more secure the
network is.

So now you know what a consensus mechanism is, but what about how it works?

## How Do Consensus Mechanisms Work?

Simply, the blockchain only processes a change when a majority of nodes agree
that the new piece of data fits with the blockchain’s consensus mechanism,
that predetermined set of agreements. Since they run using the same framework,
every node is expected to reach the same conclusion. And when the majority
agree, they reach consensus!

You can think of this as a voting process. If more than half of nodes vote to
include it, the transaction will be added to the blockchain. Otherwise, the
network discards the transaction.

Then most of the time, a consensus mechanism will involve a way to incentivize
honorable participants, and punish bad ones. This is important to keep the
network secure, and free from bad actors aiming to exploit the power of
processing transactions. Beyond that though, consensus mechanisms can vary
greatly from how they are secured to how they process transactions.

Let’s explore some of these different consensus mechanisms and how they affect
a blockchain’s workings:

## Consensus Mechanisms: What Types Are There?

All consensus mechanisms look to achieve agreement in a decentralized network,
but exactly how they achieve this varies significantly.

Just like how you can have a jury, a parliament, a council, and various other
ways to work towards an agreement about something, blockchain protocols can
use different consensus mechanisms.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Consensus-
protocol-1.png)

Let’s take a look at some of the most popular ones.

### Proof-of-Work (PoW)

[Proof of Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-
work) (PoW) is the very first decentralized consensus mechanism used to secure
the Bitcoin blockchain.

It was created in 2008 by Satoshi Nakamoto. If that sounds familiar, it’s
because it’s the same person responsible for the first and most popular
blockchain; the Bitcoin network.

A Proof-of-work consensus uses a decentralized network of specialized
computers which put in computational work. This computational work determines
which transactions are added to the blockchain next. Next a miner arranges
them in a block and broadcasts them to the network.

PoW is a deterrent to anybody who wants to spam the Bitcoin network or attempt
to seize majority control over it. To explain, the amount of computational
effort needed to ‘mine’ a block is feasible but incredibly costly. This deters
attackers from trying to forge blocks, while also preventing a single entity
from effectively monopolizing the network. Simply, cheating the network is
just too expensive.

Although Proof of Work is certainly a robust consensus mechanism, it has one
major problem—energy usage.

All those specialized computers that work to keep blockchains secure through
Proof of Work suck up a huge amount of power. According to some estimates, the
Bitcoin mining network uses a whopping 77.78 TWh of electricity…. which is
similar to a small country!

Used by [Bitcoin (BTC)](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) | [Litecoin (LTC)](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/litecoin)

### Proof of Stake (PoS)

![consenus](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/Consensus-
protocol-2.png)

To combat PoW’s energy consumption, blockchain developers,[ Sunny King and
Scott Nadal](https://decred.org/research/king2012.pdf) created their
environmentally friendly alternative in 2012. This was later dubbed[ Proof of
Stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-stake) (PoS)
and it quickly became a very popular consensus mechanism.

Rather than requiring a large network of miners to crunch numbers, a proof-of-
stake network uses[ validators](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-
blockchain-validator) instead. These validators propose and validate blocks,
and in return, they earn a reward.  However, to ensure they act honestly,
validators must put up a certain amount of the network’s native coin as
collateral. This is called[ crypto
staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/stake-
your-crypto). If a validator behaves honorably, they earn a reward, but if
they behave maliciously, they can lose their stake via
[slashing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-slashing),
and they can even lose their role too.

Used by[ Ethereum (ETH)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum) | [Cardano (ADA](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano) |[ Tezos (XTZ)](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) | [Cosmos (ATOM)](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos)

### **Other Consensus Mechanisms**

While proof-of-work and proof-of-stake are the most popular of consensus
mechanisms, they aren’t the only options in existence. In fact, there are now
countless consensus mechanisms which use these innovations to build something
of their own. Even within the proof-of-stake umbrella, we also have [nominated
proof-of-stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-
nominated-proof-of-stake-npos), [delegated proof-of-
stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/delegated-proof-of-stake-dpos)
and a number of others.

There are also other types of consensus mechanisms that don’t follow either of
these systems, such as proof-of-storage and proof-of-authority.

It’s important to note that although nodes and consensus mechanisms allow
blockchains to act without a central authority, it doesn’t automatically mean
they are decentralized. Some consensus mechanisms are more centralized than
others, as their models fit their purpose.  Since different networks aim to
achieve different goals, we’re also probably likely to see many more consensus
mechanisms far into the future too.

## How Consensus Mechanisms Shape A Blockchain

Consensus mechanisms are an extremely important aspect of many blockchains.
Put simply, they are the only reason why cryptocurrencies are so secure.
Understanding how they work and their differences will help you understand the
nitty-gritty details of this technology.

There are also a few ways to take part in the consensus mechanism yourself,
from crypto mining, to validating—and you can also earn rewards from helping
others participate too. For example, you could[ fund a
validator](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-validator-node-has-arrived)
and receive rewards that way!

With public blockchains, almost anybody can participate in the role of keeping
a cryptocurrency network secure. This makes for a much more inclusive
financial system that you can be a part of.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-
protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Consensus%20Mechanisms%3A%20How%20Blockchains%20Stay%20Secure&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-
protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-protocols-how-
are-blockchains-secure
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fconsensus-
protocols-how-are-blockchains-
secure&title=Consensus%20Mechanisms%3A%20How%20Blockchains%20Stay%20Secure
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-proof-
of-stake-npos)

[What Is Nominated Proof of Stake
(NPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-
proof-of-stake-npos)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-tezos)

[What Is Tezos?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-
tezos)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool)

[What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-sidechain)

[What Is a Sidechain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-sidechain)

__Read

6 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

