  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Airdrops](/blog?category=Airdrops)  >
[Jupiter (JUP) Airdrop – Everything You Need to Know](/blog/jupiter-airdrop)

##### Airdrops

# Jupiter (JUP) Airdrop – Everything You Need to Know

Published on: Feb 1, 2024Updated on: Feb 2, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Jupiter?**
  * **What is the JUP Token?**

##### In Brief

Discover how to get the Jupiter (JUP) airdrop in this comprehensive guide.
Discover how to check if your eligible, the claiming process, and the benefits
of using Trust Wallet.

![Jupiter \(JUP\) Airdrop – Everything You Need to
Know](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fjupiter_airdrop_ec63820bd1.png&w=3840&q=75)

A [crypto airdrop](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-a-crypto-airdrop-and-
how-do-i-claim-one) is a process where a blockchain project distributes free
tokens or coins to eligible [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) addresses owned by its
community members. Airdrops are often used for promotional purposes, user
engagement, or rewards. In this guide, we’ll cover everything you need to know
about the Jupiter airdrop so you can find out if you're eligible and claim JUP
tokens using Trust Wallet.

**Here’s what we’ll cover in this guide:**

  1. Airdrop overview

  2. What is Jupiter?

  3. What is the JUP token?

  4. How to check if you’re eligible for the JUP airdrop, and claim

If you want to participate in this airdrop, you’ll need a [Solana
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet). So be sure you have the most
updated version of Trust Wallet before you get started.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

### Overview

  * **Project:** Jupiter

  * **Token ticker:** $JUP

  * **Blockchain:** Solana

  * **Sector:** Decentralized Finance (DeFi)

  * **Significant dates:** Eligible users can start claiming on January 31st, 2024. According to Jupiter’s official claim page, users have until July 31, 2024 at 3PM UTC to claim their JUP.

## What is Jupiter?

Jupiter is a decentralized finance (DeFi) platform that operates on the
[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) blockchain. As a liquidity
aggregator, Jupiter consolidates liquidity from multiple decentralized
exchanges (DEXs) to provide users with the best trading prices and reduced
slippage. This unique platform has grown significantly within the Solana
ecosystem, becoming popular for its user-friendly interface, efficient trading
mechanism, and low transaction fees. Jupiter’s rise in the crypto world is
marked by its high transaction volume and user engagement, solidifying its
position as a leading [DeFi platform](https://trustwallet.com).

## What is the JUP Token?

The JUP token is the cornerstone of the Jupiter platform, functioning as a
governance token within this vibrant ecosystem. Holding JUP tokens empowers
users with voting rights, allowing them to participate in crucial decision-
making processes that shape the future of the Jupiter platform. These tokens
play a pivotal role in determining the platform's development, including
decisions on liquidity provision and the direction of ecosystem initiatives.
As Jupiter continues to evolve, the JUP token's utility is expected to expand,
potentially including applications in liquidity pools and as collateral for
lending protocols, further integrating it into the Solana blockchain’s DeFi
landscape.

### How to Check Your Eligibility for the Jupiter (JUP) Airdrop?

Firstly, ensure you have the most updated version of Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

  * Open Trust Wallet and select the “Browser” tab.

  * Enter the URL [lfg.jup.ag/jup](lfg.jup.ag/jup) into the search bar, and select the “Done” button.

  * Once the page loads, select the “Yes, me brave cat!” option. Then choose the Trust Wallet option.

![jupiter-airdrop-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fjupiter_airdrop_2_7275207fc7.png&w=3840&q=75)

  * Once your wallet connects to the claim page, scroll down to the Airdrop Allocation section.

  * If you have an allocation, you should see it on this claim page.

  * Follow the remaining instructions to claim your JUP tokens.

![jupiter-airdrop-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fjupiter_airdrop_1_c2cc797846.png&w=3840&q=75)

Be sure to keep up with the Jupiter team’s official communications on [their
official X page](https://twitter.com/JupiterExchange) for any updates and to
get support.

_**Disclaimer:** Trust Wallet is not affiliated with the project or airdrop
opportunity mentioned. Any costs, including transaction fees, slippage or
other fees, are at your own expense. Following any steps or information in
this guide does not guarantee you will receive an airdrop. This guide is for
informational purposes only and isn’t an official endorsement of the project.
Trust Wallet isn’t liable for your actions on third-party platforms, so always
do your own research before exploring potential airdrop opportunities,
including this one. Please exercise caution to avoid any loss of funds._

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

