[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * Cardano Staking: How To Stake ADA

# Cardano Staking: How To Stake ADA

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Jan 5, 2024 | **Updated Jan 5, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Cardano%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20ADA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-staking-how-to-
stake-ada
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada&title=Cardano%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20ADA
"Reddit")

![Floating boxes in an open space](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Staking ADA refers to participating in the proof-of-stake consensus
mechanism by contributing to the operations and security of the network   in
exchange for rewards.  
  
— ADA staking does not require you to lock up your tokens, which means they
are always accessible and liquid—you can move or swap them anytime.  
  
— You can delegate ADA tokens to a staking pool via wallets such as Ledger.  
  
Known for its strong community, Cardano is a proof-of-stake blockchain with a
notable DeFi and NFT ecosystem. Like other proof-of-stake (PoS) chains,
Cardano also depends on staking as a core element to sustain its security,
integrity, and decentralization. However, Cardano stands out in its staking
mechanism: it has more flexibility and liquidity for validators than other
proof-of-stake chains as it has a slightly different approach to staking.

 So, what is it all about exactly?

## **What is Cardano Staking All About?**

Staking Cardano allows you to participate in the network’s consensus
mechanism. By staking your tokens, you help ensure that no fraudulent or
invalid transactions become a final block. This consensus mechanism is called
Ouroboros, and it’s the same system Polkadot uses.

With this system, there are two ways to stake ADA: becoming a network
validator or delegating your tokens to existing validators. Whichever method
you choose, staking ADA means earning rewards, which is why it’s such a
popular method of securing some passive income.

You need at least 5 ADA tokens to delegate your stake, and for your
contribution, you receive a share of the transaction processing fees as a
reward. This payout is proportional to the size of your stake: the higher your
stake, the more rewards you earn. And of course, you must take the stake pool
operator’s fee into account too. These vary from one pool operator to another.
However, currently, the annual percentage yield on Cardano is around 2-5%.

So how does that work exactly? Let’s explore how staking on the Cardano
network works a little deeper.

## **How Does Staking on Cardano Network Work?**

Often staking means locking your crypto up, with stakers having to endure a
“cool-down period” when unstaking. To stake on Cardano, you don’t need to lock
up your ADA. Instead, you delegate the entire contents of your account. Any
ADA held on the Cardano network represents your share or stake when delegated
to a stake pool.

 As the name suggests, stake pools group ADA holders together, allowing them
to stake their tokens without the hassle of running an entire node. The stake
pool operator handles this responsibility instead; ensuring the node is
operating effectively, and participating in the operation of the Cardano
network.

Although anyone can run a node, it’s not always as easy as it seems. You need
server space, a reliable internet connection, and basic technical know-how.
Plus, it’s not free either. In return for their work, stake pool operators
receive rewards; which they distribute to delegators.  This allows them to
deduct fees from the delegator’s rewards to cover running costs and make a
profit.

One thing to remember is that you only earn rewards when your staking pool
successfully adds a block. To select who gets to produce a block, Cardano
divides time into fixed periods called Epochs, each of which lasts five days.
Now, each Epoch is further divided into around
[432,000](https://developers.cardano.org/docs/operate-a-stake-
pool/introduction-to-
cardano/#:~:text=A%20Cardano%20epoch%20currently%20includes,to%20be%20the%20slot%20leader.)
time slots, each of which equals one second.

In each time slot, a slot leader is randomly elected to add the next block—a
block needs to be successfully added for the validator to earn rewards. The
rewards, distributed at the end of each epoch, appear in your wallet. You
could choose to withdraw the rewarded ADA or re-stake them, which will
proportionally increase your future rewards.

## **Benefits of Staking Cardano**

Now that you know how to stake ADA, let’s discuss why you might consider it.
Staking ADA gives you benefits such as earning passive income on your crypto
while retaining full ownership and the freedom to move your tokens at all
times. Here’s how these benefits work in your favor:

### **Passive Income**

Your ADA tokens might lie dormant in your wallet, but staking them allows you
to keep growing your holdings. You can access and withdraw the tokens whenever
you want, but it generates passive income. Plus, if you keep re-staking your
ADA rewards, your passive income will also increase. Staking is a great way to
grow your holdings without making additional investments.

### **No Lock-up needed**

With Cardano staking, you don’t need to lose access to your ADA. You can stake
ADA and swap, send, receive, or even sell them, which means your ADA remains
accessible and liquid. But, of course, rewards vary depending on how much ADA
is in your delegated account at the end of each epoch.

After an epoch ends, the network records a snapshot of the distribution of the
staked ADA to calculate the rewards. Therefore, to earn rewards on any ADA
tokens you move in the middle of an epoch, you must ensure they are back in
your wallet by the end.

### **Easy Self-Custody**

Staking ADA does not require you to give up custody of your tokens. Since you
delegate your entire wallet, and you can still use your ADA in the meantime,
you always remain the sole owner and custodian of the staked tokens.

If you choose to stake your ADA through a crypto exchange instead of a wallet,
you may lose custody of your tokens while they are staked.

## **Risks of Staking Cardano**

Cardano staking offers the potential for passive income but comes with risks
and uncertainties. This section will break down the two key challenges while
staking Cardano — unpredictable earnings and corrupt staking pool operators.

### **Unpredictable Earnings**

While Cardano staking can be a source of passive income, earnings can often be
unpredictable. There are a few factors to consider when calculating rewards.
The size of your stake, whether you re-stake rewards or not, the performance
of your stake pool, and the fees a pool operator charges can directly affect
your earnings.

The most important factor, however, is the price of ADA, which can be volatile
and subject to market fluctuations. If the price of ADA suddenly declines, the
absolute value of your rewards can sharply decrease and vice versa.

### **Corrupt Staking Pool Operators**

When you delegate your assets to a pool, you trust the operators to act as
honest validators. Cardano network’s security and functionality depend on
honest participants controlling more than half the nodes.

However, corrupt pool operators exist. These pool operators can not only
manipulate the pool for profit and steal your rewards but also compromise the
entire network’s security. If you’re not careful, you could lose your assets,
so choose your staking pool wisely.

### **Regulatory Challenges**

Regulatory challenges are also important to consider. In the U.S., for
instance, centralized crypto exchanges were forced to pay fines after offering
staking services. Since centralized exchanges use custodial wallets,
regulatory bodies ruled that offering a yield in return was the same as
selling a financial product, and therefore it should have incurred taxes.

However, it’s important to note that this type of regulatory concern primarily
impacts centralized staking. Using a decentralized stake pool and a non-
custodial wallet (such as a Ledger device), you can avoid these sorts of
regulations—and of course, keep custody of your assets. Since the entire
staking mechanism is integral to the security of the network, you can rest
assured that as long as Cardano exists, there will be a way to stake ADA. And
using a non-custodial wallet and a decentralized stake pool is the most secure
way to do so.

## **How do I stake Cardano (ADA)?**

You can use any wallet that supports Cardano staking to [stake
ADA](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/cardano). But depending on the type
of wallet you use, you may face security concerns or have to hand over
custody. Using your Ledger device to stake ADA gives you more security, the
chance to retain self-custody, and helps you avoid corrupt staking pool
operators.

### **Staking ADA on a Ledger**

**Step 1:  **Once your Ledger device is set up, you’ll need to download and
install the Yoroi wallet or AdaLite extension. This third-party wallet will
help you stake and manage your ADA.

**Step 2:**  Once the extensions are installed, you need to connect the third-
party wallet to your Ledger device to stake ADA. For detailed instructions on
using Yoroi wallet or AdaLite with your Ledger device, visit the Ledger
support [section](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/360026472413-Using-dapps-and-third-party-wallets?docs=true).

**Step 3:  **Before moving forward, check that you have ADA tokens in your
Ledger wallet. If not, add some. If you already have some ADA, you’re ready to
select your staking pool from the Delegation List. Once selected, click
‘Delegate’ and voila! Your ADA tokens will start earning rewards.

## **Cardano Staking Market**

Cardano staking offers an attractive way to earn passive income while
retaining full ownership of your ADA tokens. You only need 5 ADA tokens to
start, plus, your staked ADA always remains accessible and liquid.

With Ledger devices, you can rest assured your funds are always under your
control. Self-custody with the Ledger ecosystem is easy and accessible. When
you sign a transaction, you can do so with confidence. Your Trusted display is
connected directly to the secure element chip, meaning you can check the
intended recipient of any transaction without the threat of malware. Plus,
with the PINcode and physical confirmation, only you can confirm each
transaction. So why complicate things? Get staking your ADA securely and with
self-custody: choose Ledger.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Cardano%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20ADA&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-staking-how-to-
stake-ada
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada&title=Cardano%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20ADA
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-xtz)

[Tezos Staking: How To Stake
XTZ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-staking-how-to-stake-sol)

[Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol)

__Read

7 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-staking-how-to-stake-eth)

[Ethereum Staking: How To Stake ETH
Securely](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-staking-how-to-stake-eth)

__Read

13 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/pooled-staking-how-crypto-staking-pools-
work)

[Pooled Staking: How Do Crypto Staking Pools
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/pooled-staking-how-crypto-staking-pools-
work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-liquid-staking)

[What Is Liquid Staking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
liquid-staking)

__Read

8 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-proof-of-stake-pos-explained)

[What Is Ethereum Proof-of-Stake?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-
proof-of-stake-pos-explained)

__Read

6 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

