  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Magic Eden: Navigating the NFT
Marketplace](/blog/beginners-guide-to-magic-eden-navigating-the-nft-
marketplace)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to Magic Eden: Navigating the NFT Marketplace

Published on: Mar 5, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What Is Magic Eden?**

##### In Brief

Explore the vibrant world of NFTs with this beginner's guide to Magic Eden, a
leading Solana marketplace for creating, buying, and selling NFTs.

![A Beginner's Guide to Magic Eden: Navigating the NFT
Marketplace](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_da78bcbcd9.png&w=3840&q=75)

The emergence of the [Solana blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/solana-
wallet) provided NFT developers with an alternative blockchain to
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), where they could mint
NFTs faster and with lower gas fees. The growth of the NFT market on Solana
NFTs led to the establishment of multiple NFT marketplaces like Magic Eden,
which is currently the most popular NFT marketplace on the Solana blockchain.

NFT marketplaces facilitate the creation, purchase, and sale of NFTs. Besides
bridging the gap between buyers and sellers, NFT marketplaces also allow
creators to list their NFTs, making them available for sale.

This guide will delve into the Magic Eden NFT marketplace and how you can get
started with the platform. Remember, if you are looking for a good [Solana
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), you can use Trust Wallet to
buy, sell, manage, and stake your SOL tokens.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What Is Magic Eden?

**Magic Eden is a leading multi-chain NFT marketplace supporting non-fungible
tokens on Solana, Ethereum, Polygon, and Bitcoin. Currently, Magic Eden is the
largest and best-known NFT marketplace on the Solana network, where it was
originally launched.**

The platform enables users to create, buy, sell, and collect
[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft). Additionally, Magic Eden offers features
such as developer resources, an NFT launchpad, and a non-custodial browser
extension wallet.

Magic Eden users enjoy low gas fees and fast processing time when trading
Solana-based NFTs, which is what the Solana network is known for.

While Magic Eden originally launched on Solana, the platform is multichain and
also supports Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Polygon. This means that besides Solana
NFTs, users can also find Bitcoin Ordinals and NFTs on Ethereum and Polygon on
Magic Eden.

Besides its low-fee policy and user-friendly interface, NFT creators on the
Magic Eden NFT marketplace also benefit from the platform’s flexible royalty
system that benefits all stakeholders.

Now that you know what Magic Eden is, let's look at how you can get started on
the platform.

### Getting Started with Magic Eden

To get started with Magic Eden, you’ll first need a Solana-compatible [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) like Trust Wallet. You’ll
also need to ensure you have enough SOL tokens in your Solana wallet to cover
the gas fees on the Solana blockchain and pay for your NFT.

Below is a step-by-step guide on connecting your Trust Wallet to Magic Eden.

The first step in getting started with Magic Eden is downloading and
installing the latest version of Trust. Wallet. Downloading Trust Wallet is
easy, whether as a mobile app on your Android or iOS device or as a [browser
extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension).

For this guide, we'll focus on installing and creating a new crypto wallet
using the Trust Wallet app. However, you can also check out our [detailed
beginner’s guide on how to install Trust
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/the-official-beginners-guide-to-trust-
wallet).

### Install Trust Wallet on Your Mobile Device

  * Go to [https://trustwallet.com/download](https://trustwallet.com/download) to install Trust Wallet.

  * Open the app and click on ‘Get Started’ to begin the setup process.

![magic-eden-guide-6.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_6_a02699a481.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

  * Next, select ‘Create a New Wallet.’

  * Choose your backup option, or you can ‘Skip’ this step and return to it later.

  * You’ll now be ready to connect to the Magic Eden NFT marketplace using Trust Wallet.

![magic-eden-guide-3.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_3_2d8630ce86.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

![magic-eden-guide-5.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_5_62a90995ab.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

### How to Connect Your Trust Wallet to Magic Eden

Let’s look at how you can connect your Trust Wallet to Magic Eden.

  * Visit [https://magiceden.io/](https://magiceden.io/).

  * Click on ‘Connect Wallet’ at the top right-hand corner.

![magic-eden-guide-9.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_9_28707b407e.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

  * Change the blockchain to Solana and choose ‘WalletConnect.’

![magic-eden-guide-4.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_4_380a6e1850.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

  * Next, go to the Trust Wallet app on your smartphone device, click ‘Settings’ then ‘WalletConnect.’

  * Click ‘Add new connection’ and scan the QR code on the Magic Eden website.

![magic-eden-guide-2.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_2_9b717bbab1.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

  * Accept the connection request on Trust Wallet.

  * Once successfully connected, Trust Wallet will prompt you to go back to the Magic Eden website.

![magic-eden-guide-7.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_7_a5c8babc7a.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

You’ll be able to see your connected wallet on Magic Eden and the amount of
SOL you have, as shown below. Once done, remember to disconnect Trust Wallet
from any website.

![magic-eden-guide-8.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_8_83b0d37fa4.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

To browse and search for NFTs on Magic Eden, click ‘Discover’ on the Magic
Eden website and then ‘Collections.’ You can then use the search button to
find a collection or browse the provided NFTs list.

![magic-eden-guide-1.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_1_0c2f62fb0d.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

#### Conclusion

If you want to create and sell your own [NFTs on
Solana](https://trustwallet.com/nft), the Magic Eden NFT marketplace is an
excellent place to start. However, to do this, you must have a compatible
[Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) with enough SOL tokens
to cover the gas fees and pay for the NFT you’ll create. Using the
WalletConnect crypto bridge, you can connect to Magic Eden using Trust Wallet
in a few simple steps, as described above.

While Magic Eden stands out among Solana NFT marketplaces for its user-
friendliness, it's crucial to always do your own research (DYOR) and further
explore the platform if you're interested in diving into the NFT universe.

[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) have so much potential as they have
created a way to authenticate and prove ownership of digital assets. In
addition, they also empower digital creators and owners, allowing them to
enjoy new revenue streams thanks to NFT marketplaces like Magic Eden that
offer creators the needed guidance on how they can build their NFT projects,
list them, and earn from them.

**Download Trust Wallet today and connect to Magic Eden to start your NFT
journey.**

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

