Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 15

# Laying the foundations for Finance 3.0

  *  __ June 4, 2021
  *  __29 min
  *  __Hosted by Adrien Treccani (CEO of METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Flaying-the-foundations-for-finance-3-0-w-alfonso-gomez-ceo-of-bbva-switzerland%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Flaying-the-foundations-for-finance-3-0-w-alfonso-gomez-ceo-of-bbva-switzerland%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Welcome to  [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/) – Live
conversations with the people operating at the frontier of crypto innovation:
entrepreneurs, bankers, investors, fund administrators, traders, analysts and
other crypto and digital asset market participants. Our objective is to help
the broader ecosystem navigate this complex environment and unlock the market
opportunity.

This event is hosted by [METACO](https://www.metaco.com/) – the leading
provider of security-critical infrastructure enabling financial institutions
to enter the digital asset ecosystem.

This episode features [Alfonso Gomez](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alfonso-
gomez-a106b010/), who is CEO of [BBVA Switzerland](https://www.bbva.ch/en/).
Alfonso has worked across the world in many capacities for BBVA, including
running the global private banking from New York. Alfonso is a big proponent
of digital assets and he recently spearheaded the launch of a crypto trading
and custody service at BBVA.

### **Topics discussed:**

**[00:05:07]**   How transformative can the digital asset market be in general
and for finance specifically?

**[00:14:41]**   How well placed are incumbent banks are to make this
transition between Finance 1.0 and Finance 2.0?

**[00:17:50]**   What effect will large banks moving into the space have on
the market for digital assets?

**[00:20:44]**   Does Switzerland have competitive advantages when it comes to
operating crypto businesses?

**[00:27:00]**  Does Bitcoin have a chance of being a better store of value
than gold in the future?



_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

**Adrien:  **[00:00:09] Welcome the 16th episode of Metaco Talks, our series
of live conversations with the people making and shaping the future of digital
assets. Our guest for this week’s show is Alfonso Gomez, who is the CEO of
BBVA Switzerland. Alfonso has worked across the world in many capacities for
BBVA, including running the global private banking business from New York and
running the UK business from London. Alfonso is a big proponent of digital
assets, and he recently spearheaded the launch of a crypto trading and custody
service at BBVA.

In this episode, we’re going to be talking about the possibilities of finance
2.0, and discussing whether large and progressive banks like BBVA are well
positioned to take advantage of it. Remember, before we start, if you ever
miss an episode of Metaco Talks, you can listen back on Spotify, Apple
Podcast, or wherever you find your podcasts. Enjoy the show!

Welcome Alfonzo. I will start with a little question about your background.
You must be one of the only tier one bank CEOs out there that has been
involved and curious and proactively looking at cryptocurrencies and digital
assets for a long time. Can you tell us a bit about your background and how
you got involved in these markets?



**Alfonso:  **Thank you for having me in this Metaco Talk. I’m happy to join
this event. Regarding my interest in this newer space, in crypto space, I have
been running the business in the finance 1.0 (I will call it so – the
traditional assets, the traditional financial market) for more than 27 years.

Since you know exactly how this traditional markets works. This is something
that I can face in the corporate banking side, in the investment market side,
in the global trade finance and banking since 2009 when Bitcoin start, I have
to admit it, I didn’t believe in this new blockchain technology.



**Adrien:  **Nobody did.



**Alfonso**  Nobody did. I have to say, some of the people who were working
really close to me were very good visionaries at that time. They said, “Hey,
you have to take into account this because it’s going to be big.” I said, “You
know what, I don’t really trust it.”

I think it was in 2010. 2011 I moved from Madrid to New York. New York is
quite a big hub, and there are many talented people talking about this new
crypto space. I would say I was slightly more interested to understand where
was the new bot of this new crypto space. But the big milestone in my mind was
coming from two factors.

The first one was my team here in Switzerland. I have a great team. They are
always trying to figure out the next step, what’s going on in the financial
industry – they love to be out of the comfort zone. These are not the typical
bankers that are quite comfortable in the financial 1.0 industry, in the
business as usual that we are running. They would psyche me up a little bit,
and say, “Hey, you think about Bitcoin?” From 2009 to 2018 there are many
years and there’s still something that is ongoing, and it’s becoming more and
more interesting.

I decided to go to Singularity University to take the executive program, with
many different goals. One of them was to understand exactly the major trends
in this newer space regarding technology, regarding the dollar space.

The second one was being really focused on the blockchain technology. When I
understood that how blockchain technology works, I came back. I talked with
part of my team here in Switzerland, and we decided to start dipping in new
space, which I think is amazing. I think it’s wonderful. This space will bring
huge opportunities for everybody. That’s my view.

#### How transformative can the digital asset market be in general and for
finance specifically?

**Adrien:  **[00:05:07] Thank you, Alfonso. You speak about cryptocurrencies
and you had this training, but last time we spoke you were enthusiastic about
things that go way beyond cryptocurrencies – things like a peer to peer
trading, about the decentralized finance ecosystem in general. How
transformative do you think this ecosystem as a whole can be for finance? Not
just cryptocurrencies, which we will probably discuss further in the next
element of our discussion, but what about digital assets and blockchain
technology and decentralized finance as a whole? How transformative is it?



**Alfonso:  **Obviously it’s my personal view, and I can be wrong, but I think
we have to be able to combine 1.0 that I mentioned in your previous question,
with this newer space, 2.0.

I don’t think that if you are dealing in the new crypto space you will have to
put one in the traditional market. But I would like to share with you a
philosophy or concept. In the last 100 years, the financial markets work; you
have the capital (equity), and from the capital you transfer to stocks or
shares – however you want to call them. It has been in the financial industry
in the last, let’s say 100 years. You are dealing in the financial markets and
you decide to become a capitalist and buy IBM shares, you go to stock market
and buy IBM. Very happy, right? You are part of the company.

It was the big movement in the industry, and it will be in the next years
also. But we have to be able to understand that this traditional market is
introducing new technologies which could procure to move from the capital to
the assets. The traditional market moves from the capital to the shares, the
new space move from the assets to the tokens. This is the big movement.

In this movement there are a couple of details that are critical. The first
one is: how big are the assets for the wealth management side that are not
bankable? 300 trillion. It’s big! If you analyze the evolution of the web, the
history of the web, I will emphasize three biggest states in the history of
the internet. The first one was the information economy. You had Yahoo or
these different apps, and you can find information, Wikipedia, all these kinds
of new apps, which is fine. The second stage, I think, is the platform economy
with Facebook, all these social networks, which is the current time that we
are living now. Nobody has any doubt that the digital or the social networks
are becoming more and more important. The third one, which I think we are
about to start, is the token economy.

With a token economy, we have to be able to understand that it’s a single
asset. In the world, you can digitalize. If you can digitalize, you can create
liquidity. If you can create liquidity, you can change a big portion of the
financial sector.

The name of the game is, from my point of view, to understand where we are
coming, 1.0, where we are going, 2.0, and how in this particular timing we are
able to combine both worlds. That’s my view.

Regarding DeFi, no doubt. This is a decentralization economy just because the
blockchain technology allows to do it. There are many opportunities in the
lending side and the investment side. There are many protocols that are going
on in this kind of format.



**Adrien:  **[00:10:38] That’s very interesting. One thing I can observe is
that industries generally don’t like big changes, because it forces them into
rethinking things they’ve done for years, many years, sometimes, and that
worked well. Where they are very well established, potentially have an
oligopolistic position in the market, and suddenly you have this new token
economy that comes and it forces a lot of institutions in the market to think
what will their positioning be once this possibly becomes a new standard.

I assume in your context, you have been thinking about this for quite a long
time, because you were one of the early banks to go in this market and prepare
the launch, and launch a service related to digital assets. How long has it
taken to think about this opportunity, create a concrete use case and business
case, and actually implement it? When did you start thinking about this?



**Alfonso:  **Obviously it takes time. I will have to say, in BBVA Group will
have a very nice motto. I love this kind of leitmotif. In BBVA, or mission is
to bring the age of opportunity to everyone. That’s the path that we follow in
BBVA Switzerland, to bring the age of opportunities to everyone, creating
opportunities to our customers. At the end of the day, the most important
thing that you have in a bank are customers. Without customers, you will have
assets under management. That’s very obvious right there. The second most
important asset you have in the bank is your people, the talent.

When we decided to start with this, it was more than two years ago. I would
say that there are many things that you need to align, but thank God, our top
management are open-minded people. They are not in the comfort zone either.
They are willing to understand exactly what’s going on in the new space. I
bless these people, because I think this is the name of the game. In life,
never stop learning. You need to keep on going, learning new activities, new
opportunities, and you need to be in the same track. You need to understand
exactly what are the new opportunities. I think it’s mandatory.

Let me tell you a quote that I really like. _Everybody has two likes; the
second one starts when we realize that we will only have one_. It’s critical.
I think that’s the name of the game. I don’t really understand when you are a
big incumbent bank, which is the case of BBVA; if we see the potential
opportunities we need to approach, we need to understand, and we need to
realize the value for our customers, which are the most important assets in
the bank, and as a consequence for our shareholders.

Two years, but basically because all the internal control areas that – there
are many people around compliance, legal, lease departments, all the control
areas – have been aligned from the beginning. Taking into account very
seriously how they have to manage on the same path with the same goal, which
is a plus.

#### How well placed are incumbent banks are to make this transition between
Finance 1.0 and Finance 2.0?

**Adrien:  **[00:14:41] With the last 12 months and central banks printing a
lot of money and a lot of potential inflation arriving which is not measurable
in every asset class today, but may at some point materialize, do you think
that this one of the main criterions that cryptocurrencies are attractive
today? What do you think are the missing elements or missing pieces that could
make cryptocurrencies and digital assets even more adopted? Is it precisely
the fact that banks are not yet fully supportive of it that is a friction or
do you think it’s something else?



**Alfonso:  **I think we were in the correct path. I’m talking about incumbent
banks, that’s my professional view. I think we are in the trend to move from
the evolution to the revolution. Evolution to revolution. There is a big
friction today between this 1.0 and 2.0 markets. If you are trying to dip in
this newer space, 2.0, you see that there’s a market that has never stopped. I
would say it’s a more efficient market because they have proper technology. It
is what it is. This is a fact, this is not an opinion. 24 hours, seven days a
week.

Some people say this is really tidy, and Saturday and Sunday morning seeing
how crypto markets are going down or going up. I don’t care, I think
volatility is the name of the game. It’s pretty obvious that this market today
is quite small, if you compare how big is the market for traditional assets
and how more is this newer space?

This my view, since we move from the traditional assets to this new crypto
space, we will see lower levels of volatility. It’s a question of adoption. I
don’t have any doubt about this. Once again, it’s my opinion, but the
incumbent banks getting into this new space, I think the friction will reduce
dramatically in the next few years. There are many things that we need to
change.  We need to put in place the correct tools, the correct protocols, the
correct matrix, in order to guarantee that everything works. But no doubt, we
will be able to do it.

#### What effect will large banks moving into the space have on the market for
digital assets?

**Adrien:  **[00:17:50] What you’re saying is that with banks adopting
cryptocurrencies and digital assets, the demand for those is going to
increase, I assume both retail and institutional. And by having more demand,
the market will also stabilize and be less, I would say, immature in its
behavior.



**Alfonso:  **Yeah. In my view, and maybe this is a little bit controversial,
but I think for incumbent banks it’s easier to move forward in this new
financial space than for new digital banks.

Let me explain exactly why. I know it’s a little bit controversial, but I
don’t care.  I like sometimes being controversial. Just giving my opinion.
Traditional banks, we know exactly what’s going on in the 1.0. Very precise.
160 years for my group. We know exactly how to manage these markets. We have
the critical points for a bank, as I mentioned before. We have the assets and
the people, the talent. Education is key. We didn’t talk about this, but
during this period of time here in Switzerland, my people are getting into
this newer space. They are willing to learn. They are happy to take different
courses. They know exactly what’s going on in the DeFi space. This is great.
Since we are taking these newer space from 1.0, and we already have customers
and we already know how to manage relation with customers and how to manage
relation with regulators, which are absolutely critical in this case (in the
case of Switzerland, because Switzerland is a great ecosystem), I think we
have a big advantage.

I don’t think we are in a huge debate about that 1.0 is going to disappear and
2.0 will be the new financial industry. I don’t think that is the discussion.
I think 1.0 will be in the long run. That’s pretty obvious. The name of the
game is how incumbent banks are able to combine both value proposals in the
same portfolio in the investment to the most important asset in the bank, who
are the customers.

#### Does Switzerland have competitive advantages when it comes to operating
crypto businesses?

**Adrien:  **[00:20:44] Absolutely. It makes so much sense. You speak about
Switzerland being potentially special in this context. I see we have a
question from one of our attendees, I’m reading it here. The question is: is
BBVA Switzerland an innovation incubator within the BBVA Group? Having this
question in mind, what can you say about BBVA Switzerland, and more generally
about the Swiss market for digital assets? Do you think there is something
special here? Why hasn’t it been launched?



**Alfonso:  **BBVA is a very innovative bank. There are many people in our
headquarters that are rocket scientists regarding innovation. It is what it
is. These are many people that are really high standard people. But the name
of the game is to take advantage of the ecosystem, as I mentioned before. We
are a small bank in relation with the rest of the banks in BBVA Group, and
this is a very good country with a very solid framework, and we know exactly
how to manage this.

Trying to answer the question, regarding crypto we have great people in the
headquarters that have a deep knowledge in the blockchain technology.
Obviously we work as a team.  BBVA Switzerland is a small bank; we still have
our business in the wealth management side. We are taking knowledge and we are
in a learning curve and trying to understand how we have to manage these newer
space, particularly in the world of Bitcoin, Ethereum, or these different
protocols that are going to change the 2.0 financial industry. We will put our
knowledge on the hands of our colleagues in the group in order to spread out
this experience.



**Adrien:  **That makes a lot of sense. What strategy have you taken with this
integration of cryptocurrencies? Have you isolated a team that is working on
this completely siloed, no integration with what you do today on the
traditional business? Or have you taken a more inclusive approach where both
from the people point of view, but also from a technology point of view,
you’re trying to merge the new world with the old world? What is your vision,
and what have you done at BBVA?



**Alfonso:  **Our vision is that we cannot use different platforms.  It will
be a big mistake, because this is precisely the competitive advantage – being
a traditional bank and how to combine the traditional business with this new
digital space.

Trying to be very precise with answer, no. we have a one provider regarding
the platform. We need to have different providers for the custody and all
these things are absolutely critical for these new digital assets. But yes,
focus on one provider in the technology side. Regarding the management of the
team, I think it is critical to put everybody in the same ship. Everybody has
to be aligned. I don’t think it’s possible to develop such a difficult project
if you are not convinced 100% that all members of your management team are on
the same page. It can be controversial, it can be a big loss of energy.

I have to say, I have great people. People who are, as I mentioned before,
willing to assume new challenges, willing to be out of their comfort zone,
willing to learn, willing to understand exactly what the opportunities are.
This is black or white. There are many green areas that we need to figure out
how to manage, and we have to be very careful as well. But I would say that
everybody is in the same chapter, and even more importantly in the same line.



**Adrien:  **Absolutely. Are you saying, Alfonso, that I shall be able to take
my mobile phone, BBVA app, and I have my Swiss francs or euros, maybe my
portfolio of equities and stocks, and I have Bitcoin next to it? Is that the
principle?



**Alfonso:  **Yes. There’s another option. When this kind of new protocols of
blockchain are getting bigger, today the market cap of Bitcoin is 700 billion,
federal is 300 billion – it’s too big to ignore, right? We are focused on
these protocol as I said before, and we will deal with this crypto asset.

I’d rather talk about crypto asset than cryptocurrencies. I don’t like the
concept of cryptocurrencies, because I think it’s quite controversial. We
already have currencies. We have fiat currencies. I do believe in the concept
of crypto assets, because I think it’s more clean, it’s something that you can
explain much better, and you can create value through the blockchain
technology and with these new protocols like DeFi or Uniswap. But with the
concept of assets, not with the concept of currency. That’s my approach.

#### Does Bitcoin have a chance of being a better store of value than gold in
the future?

**Adrien:  **[00:27:00] Understood. Alfonso, we have two more minutes. I would
like to ask a little more personal question: a little bit provocative, but do
you think that Bitcoin has a chance of being a better store of value than gold
in the future?



**Alfonso:  **No clue. There’s no discussion about some characteristics about
Bitcoin. We can try to find out exactly what is the answer, but the fact of
the matter is, if you compare Bitcoin with gold, I don’t know how much is the
value of gold today, maybe something 10 trillion, and the value of Bitcoin is
700 billion. Let’s see what’s going to happen with Bitcoin in the future. I
don’t know. But as I said before, it is too big to be ignored.

There are five characteristics that I think are critical if you are trying to
analyze how solid it can be as a reserve of value. The first one, you need to
have something with a quote in the market. That’s pretty obvious. Bitcoin has
a quote in the market, in the real market, in the crypto market. Second one,
it can to be divisible. There’s no discussion. Third one, important, storage.
You have to find a place to store your crypto, in this case Bitcoin, and throw
the wallets. You can do it, that’s pretty obvious. Another one: there is not
any reserve of value.  Efficient. You cannot transfer. From my point of view,
this is maybe one of the most important topics: how easy is it to transfer
gold versus to transfer Bitcoin?

Let me tell you something. I can transfer Bitcoin with one finger in the app,
whatever place all around the war.  Somebody said Bitcoin takes time. Oh my
God! The decentralization, very robust system. No discussion about this.
Bitcoin started in 2009, we’re in 2021. The key question is: how many fails
has blockchain technology closed to Bitcoin in the last years? the answer is
zero. It’s a very robust system that you can transfer. The last point, which I
think is the most important one, even more important than transfer, is the
limit. Regarding Bitcoin, we have 21 million swaps.  There’s not more. My
question is, do you know exactly how big the reserves of gold are? We know
that there is a limit, that’s why gold was a great reserve. It’s being a great
reserve today. I don’t have a clue about how it’s going to evolve in the
future, but I have to say that the characteristics of Bitcoin are quite solid.



**Adrien:  **I think it’s fair to say that you’re bullish on Bitcoin and that
you see it as being a potential.



**Alfonso:  **I’m not bullish on Bitcoin. I’m just saying that I think it’s a
robust system. Adrien, this is a question of adoption. If the gradual adoption
is getting bigger and bigger, that’s the name of the game. Always was. What is
the reason that gold was so important, by the way, with a big growth of the
economy in the world? Because the patron to the goal was significant and the
consensus of the market was to the gold. It’s just a question of consensus.
That’s why I prefer to call Bitcoin a crypto asset and not a cryptocurrency.
If finally, it’s a reserve of value, I cannot understand why somebody would
talk about Bitcoin as a cryptocurrency just for managing the working capital
of the company. It doesn’t make any sense.



**Adrien:  **Absolutely. Alfonso, thank you very much for your time.  I think
it was a fascinating discussion. I’m so sad that we only had a half an hour. I
think we will have to invite you. If you can find additional time in the
future, we’d be happy to invite you a second time. Thank you for this
opportunity.

I would like to share with all of the people that are in the discussion that
next week we will have a special episode where Seamus Donahue will interview
multiple employees of Metaco in order to share our view of where the market is
going in terms of a digital asset infrastructure. We’re happy to have you in
and to share the insider information we have on what is happening currently,
what are the biggest challenges, and what we think are the right solutions for
this very fast-moving markets. I look forward to the next episodes.

Thank you again, Alfonso. Speak to you next week.



**Alfonso:  **Thank you, Adrien, for having me here. Thank you.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Laying the foundations for Finance 3.0, w/ Alfonso GOMEZ, CEO of BBVA
Switzerland [METACO TALKS #15]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1II1F0XDCL8)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1II1F0XDCL8&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 34:16•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1II1F0XDCL8 "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1II1F0XDCL8), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

