[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * Danksharding and Proto-danksharding Explained

# Danksharding and Proto-danksharding Explained

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Feb 9, 2024 | **Updated Feb 9, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-
and-proto-danksharding-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Danksharding%20and%20Proto-
danksharding%20Explained&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-
and-proto-danksharding-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-and-proto-
danksharding-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-
and-proto-danksharding-explained&title=Danksharding%20and%20Proto-
danksharding%20Explained "Reddit")

![blockchain thumbnail](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/02_Blockchain_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The Ethereum network is working towards improving its scalability, as
blockchain apps are heavy to run which slows down transaction times.  
  
— Danksharding aims to solve Ethereum’s scalability issue but introducing it
will take several upgrades.  
  
— EIP-4844, or proto-danksharding, lays the groundwork for Ethereum’s future
by introducing a new type of transaction and a way to store temporary data.  
  
If you know anything about the Ethereum network, you probably know that it’s
the hub for decentralized applications (dApps) due to its capability to host
smart contracts. Ethereum is still the most popular network for blockchain
apps today, and as such this puts the network under huge amounts of pressure.
Unfortunately, hosting so many platforms, protocols, apps and tokens slows
down its transaction finality and causes exorbitant fees.

To combat this scalability issue, the Ethereum roadmap includes several
upgrades. With [the Merge](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-
ethereum-2-0), [Ethereum became a proof-of-
stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-proof-of-stake-pos-explained)
chain, greatly reducing its power consumption and opening the door to
innovations only possible on PoS networks. But to achieve cheaper and faster
transactions, Ethereum still has a way to go.

One plan for the network was to implement
[sharding](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding), a way to reduce
network congestion and fees by splitting the massive Ethereum blockchain into
smaller partitions. But the current solution it has found is danksharding: a
way to make transactions much quicker and cheaper than they are currently.

However, upgrading the [Ethereum network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-
is-ethereum) isn’t easy. Its high network activity and the sheer number of
apps relying on the network means big updates to the network’s consensus can
take months or even years to implement. As such, it needs a custom solution.
Enter proto-danksharding: it’s essentially a step between Ethereum as you know
it today and its danksharding future.

But before we get into the details, what is danksharding in the first place?
Let’s dive in.

## What Is Danksharding?

Danksharding introduces a way to communicate with existing [Ethereum layer
two](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-are-ethereum-
layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work) solutions, which is much easier to
implement than sharding the whole Ethereum network. It also introduces a way
to process more data per block, allowing for more complex transactions without
slowing down the network or raising its gas fees.

Essentially, it’s all about making blockchain rollups more efficient.

To understand how it works, let’s first dive into how [blockchain
rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-blockchain-rollups) interact
with the Ethereum blockchain currently. Today, rollups batch and process
Ethereum transactions on their Layer 2 chain, then transmit a “validity proof”
on the Ethereum main chain. While this method does save costs, over 90% of
rollup transaction costs still go directly to the Ethereum mainnet for posting
that proof.

Danksharding will allow the Ethereum network to process these bundled
transactions from layer two rollups without storing all of their data
immutably. This essentially means the Ethereum mainnet is less burdened by
data in the long term.

## What Is Proto-danksharding (EIP-4844)?

Proto-danksharding is a proposal, which when implemented, would provide the
foundations to introduce danksharding to the Ethereum network. The concept was
proposed in [Ethereum Improvement Proposal
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ethereum/ethereum-improvement-
proposals-eip)4844 (EIP-4844), and named after Ethereum researchers Dankrad
Feist and Proto Lambda. Soon, EIP-4844 is due to be implemented as part of
Ethereum’s Dencun Upgrade scheduled for March 13th, 2024.

## How Does Proto-danksharding Work?

In preparation for danksharding, proto-danksharding introduces a new
transaction type called “blob-carrying transactions” and its associated data
type — “blobs”. Essentially, these two features allow the Ethereum network to
process data from blockchain rollups more effectively. Let’s see how they
work:

### **What Are Blobs (Binary Large Objects)?**

Binary Large Objects (blobs) are a temporary store of data. Although new to
the Ethereum network, blobs are already common in computer science. You can
see them across programming languages like Javascript and Python.

To understand their significance in crypto though, it’s important to know that
Ethereum currently stores all of its data on every [node in the
network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-
operate-one)—and this data lasts forever. It does this using its persistent
memory store, calldata, however, this method of storing data is heavy on the
system, and it’s also very expensive.

Blobs, on the other hand, are cheaper to maintain since they have an expiry
date of 4096 epochs, (approximately 18 days). This drastically reduces their
storage cost. Each blob can store up to 128 kb of data, and each block can
contain up to 16 data blobs. This is a lot of data storage available for more
temporary means. In the long run, it means the Ethereum network is storing
less data per block.

### **What Are Blob-Carrying Transactions?**

Blob-carrying transactions are a new type of transaction on the Ethereum
network designed specifically for handling blobs. Essentially, they carry a
validity proof which allows the Ethereum chain to verify their authenticity
without reading the blob itself.

To do this, it uses a mechanism named a KZG commitment scheme. Using [Zero-
Knowledge proofs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-zero-knowledge-
proof), the mechanism guarantees the EVM can view a commitment to a blob, but
not the blob data itself. Blob-carrying transactions have their own mempool
separate from the EVM. This keeps data safe while optimizing block space.

And of course, as a new type of transaction, there’s a new [fee
mechanism](https://ethresear.ch/t/eip-4844-fee-market-analysis/15078) to
match. Derived from EIP-1559, the pricing structure for blob-carrying
transactions is dynamic; based on supply and demand. Typically, more than
three blobs per transaction cause higher fees, varying by approximately 12.5%
from block to block.

## Pros of Danksharding

### **Reducing Transaction (Gas) Fees**

The first benefit of danksharding is reduced transaction fees. To explain,
high [gas fees](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-gas-fees)
on the Ethereum network are primarily caused by network congestion. This can
occur when there are huge numbers of people accessing blockchain apps and
platforms on the Ethereum network. And, as you know, Ethereum is the home of
the majority of [dApps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-dapp),
meaning network congestion is a frequent issue users face.  By allowing the
network to process rollups more easily, danksharding will help Ethereum avoid
congestion. This will improve gas fees on the wider Ethereum network—not just
using a layer two chain.

### **Faster Transactions**

Another benefit of danksharding is that it allows Ethereum to process
transactions much faster than was previously possible. By introducing a way to
store data temporarily, it helps the network’s nodes. Previously, each node
would store an entire copy of the blockchain’s history which is a heavy
burden. With danksharding, the nodes store and process much less data,
allowing them to work more efficiently. This means that your transactions
become much faster.

## Cons of Danksharding

### **Security**

While danksharding may be the answer to Ethereum’s scalability concerns, there
are some concerns about its security.

While this method is much easier to implement on the network than the previous
plan, sharding, Danksharding involves validating blob-carrying transactions
off-chain. This is a security risk, as less popular rollups may become targets
for bad actors. To explain, the smaller and less experienced the chain, the
easier it is to attack. This could mean that blob-carrying transactions from
malicious sources could end up on the Ethereum mainnet. While rollups have
security measures to defend against this, they are not as robust as the
Ethereum mainnet.

## The Future of Proto-Danksharding

As the largest smart contract blockchain, Ethereum has faced significant
challenges in scaling its infrastructure to meet the growing demand. However,
ongoing scaling efforts such as sharding and the Ethereum Dencun upgrade
represent promising steps toward improving the network’s capacity and
performance.

The Ethereum Dencun Upgrade, which includes proto-danksharding, went live on
the Goerli testnet on Jan 17th, 2024. The final test on Holesky testnet
concluded successfully in Feb 2024, and in theory, it will go live at on March
13th.

However, remember: it might be a while before the Ethereum mainnet integrates
danksharding itself. The future of the Ethereum chain likely lies in
blockchain rollups, and danksharding is just one way it is accommodating that
potential.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-
and-proto-danksharding-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Danksharding%20and%20Proto-
danksharding%20Explained&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-
and-proto-danksharding-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-and-proto-
danksharding-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdanksharding-
and-proto-danksharding-explained&title=Danksharding%20and%20Proto-
danksharding%20Explained "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

