Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/regulators/)

Regulators

## Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and maintain financial stability

Policymakers, regulators, and supervisors are well-equipped to monitor service
providers and digital asset usage globally and locally with a combination of
comprehensive on-chain data and strategic advice.

[ Learn more ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)

![industry-regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/industry-regulators.jpg)

  * Overview 
  * Capabilities 
  * Services 
  * Resources 

## Overview

Understand the digital asset landscape

Gain insights into market trends at the global and national level to identify
policy priorities and regulatory solutions.

Monitor financial stability

Ensure safe markets and mitigate risks by quantifying factors such as the
interconnection of digital asset firms and the scale of digital asset
payments.

Protect consumers

Identify unlicensed entities, risky services, or illicit activity that exposes
consumers to unsafe financial services, including breaches of AML/CFT
requirements.

Supervise and enforce regulation

Detect illicit and non-compliant activity, enforce local rules, and conduct
regular assessments to ensure entities are meeting their compliance
obligations.

Links Conference 2023

### Crypto through the regulator's eyes and the path forward

[ Watch now ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbSCXYSKAwg)

![links2023-goldsmith-romero](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/links2023-goldsmith-romero.jpg)

Capabilities

## Gain visibility into global and local digital asset usage

![icon-assets-graph](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-assets-graph.svg)

### Monitor asset flows and holdings

Understand digital asset usage that may generate policy risks, such as the
scale of digital asset flows between jurisdictions and specific entities, and
the composition of digital asset ownership, such as the concentration of
holdings among wealthy users.

![icon-due-diligence-2](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-due-diligence.svg)

### Identify and detect illicit activity

Identify behavioral patterns commonly used by illicit actors, get alerts on
the exposure of regulated entities to risky entities, and take action on
breaches to AML/CFT.

![icon-blockchain-analytics](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-blockchain-analytics.svg)

### Interpret blockchain data with ease

Paint a real-world picture of how value moves between entities, labeled
against 35 categories such as DeFi and NFT platforms, centralized exchanges,
sanctioned entities, stolen funds, and many more.

![icon-entity-risking-2](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-entity-risking-1.svg)

### Investigate higher risk entities and assets

Dive deeper into the activity of specific entities after being alerted by
transaction monitoring capabilities to supervise compliance activities.

Contact us

Services

## Education, training, and support

**Leverage tailored market and risk analysis**  
Employ a data driven approach to your specific focus areas such as developing
AML/CFT national risk assessments, understanding the growth and nature of the
DeFi economy in your country, or to observe systemic risks relating to
contagion between cryptocurrency businesses or trends in stablecoin activity.

**Receive end-to-end digital asset regulatory and policy training**  
Practically focused, step by step support to help you address specific needs,
from designing national risk assessments to supervisory frameworks.

**Build proficiency with the Chainalysis Academy**  
Learn the basics in blockchain fundamentals and stay current on digital asset
trends and regulations through ongoing courses led by industry experts.

**Get certified in your language**  
Become a certified practitioner with crypto fundamentals to specialist
training programs to understand the risk and regulatory landscape with support
for French, German, Hebrew, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese (Brazilian), and
Spanish.

[ Visit the Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

### Resources for Regulators

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-blog-
lessons-from-links.jpg) Blog Lessons from Links: How to Safely Grow the Crypto
Industry While Fostering Innovation
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/lessons-from-links-how-to-safely-grow-the-
crypto-industry-while-fostering-innovation/)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-blog-
mica-marathon.jpg) Blog The MiCA Marathon: Are We Reaching the Finishing Line?
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/the-mica-marathon/)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-video-
mica-takes-effect.jpg) Video EU's Crypto Regulation MiCA Takes Effect TODAY!
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OkiO8xnlNgk)

## Get started with Chainalysis

Request a demo

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=f5ba83e5-5c91-4718-8346-5fb100717ad7&sid=d333ea601cfe11ef9731c3b7ff9eaf80&vid=d333e8601cfe11ef8f10bb9f2d25cc92&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Digital%20Asset%20Solutions%20for%20Regulators%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fregulators%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=117633)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=6940565a-de3e-4a2a-ad37-3b3c937b5e7d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=9af170c9-3b78-4484-af1b-dc896ca84050&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fregulators%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=6940565a-de3e-4a2a-ad37-3b3c937b5e7d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=9af170c9-3b78-4484-af1b-dc896ca84050&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fregulators%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=5af2816060ef4569f22beba2f341f6f8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fregulators%2F&_biz_t=1716906626052&_biz_i=Digital%20Asset%20Solutions%20for%20Regulators%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=313947&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906626418)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=5af2816060ef4569f22beba2f341f6f8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fregulators%2F&_biz_t=1716906626419&_biz_i=Digital%20Asset%20Solutions%20for%20Regulators%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=204032&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906626419)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

