Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Global custodians

# Build tomorrow's **market infrastructure**

Secure your firm’s future in a world where digital assets will radically
transform the way value is represented and exchanged.

Metaco Harmonize

## Leverage **banking-standard technology**

Our mission-critical software infrastructure enables large financial
institutions, custodian banks, and securities services firms to build their
digital asset operations.

[Learn more about the platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/
"Learn more about the platform")

![Custody Vaults](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/custody-
vaults.png?x88149)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/custodian-of-digital-
assets-1280x1280.png?x88149)

  * ### **Become a custodian of digital assets**

Build a future-proof business by safeguarding and servicing digital assets in
the most secure, scalable and compliant way.

  * ### **Enable differentiated digital asset management services**

Provide professional investors with exposure to digital asset trading, lending
and other investment solutions to help them increase their portfolio
performance, in a secure way.

  * ### **Create and support new, tokenized asset classes**

Turn securities or non-regulated assets into digital tokens using our powerful
smart contract framework and pre-integrated tokenization engines.

[Learn more about tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/
"Learn more about tokenization")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/okan_pekin-640x640.jpeg?x88149)

“We are witnessing the increasing digitization of traditional investment
assets along with new native digital assets. We are innovating and developing
new capabilities to support digital asset classes that are becoming
increasingly relevant to our clients.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/citi-metaco-
logo-2-2.png?x88149)

Okan Pekin

Global Head of Securities Services, Citi

## Build on a solid and future-proof foundation

Metaco Harmonize is the core platform for your current and future digital
asset operations, covering broad use cases across custody, liquidity,
settlement, yield generation, access to DeFi, and compliance services.

  * __

### Unlock

new markets and revenue streams

  * __

### Service

billions of digital asset wallets globally

  * __

### Share

R&D costs with like-minded institutions

  * __

### Integrate

your services with vetted counterparties

  * __

### Govern

your digital asset processes under a bank-grade compliant framework

  * __

### Access

expertize in DLT, custody, compliance, and capital markets

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/jean_marc_stenger.jpg?x88149)

1/5

 ____

Testimonials

“Bridging the digital asset industry and traditional finance requires a
multifaceted approach incorporating institutional-grade technology,
regulation, as well as industrial capacities. By **partnering with Metaco** ,
SG – FORGE will be able to leverage their secure infrastructure to ensure that
we have a solid foundation to grow our digital asset market activities.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/sg-
forge-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Jean-Marc Stenger

CEO at Societe Generale - FORGE

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/societe-generale-forge-
partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-institutional-digital-assets-capabilities/
"Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/wh.png?x88149)

2/5

 ____

Testimonials

“This partnership represents a new milestone for us, allowing us to build a
multi-asset, multi-provider platform which will offer full connectivity across
traditional and digital assets. Our objective is to offer our clients a single
view of all these different types of assets for complete transparency, greater
operational efficiency and risk management.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/bp.png?x88149)

Wayne Hughes

Head of Digital Assets, BNP Securities Services

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bnp-paribas-securities-
services-selects-metaco-to-develop-digital-assets-custody-capabilities/ "Learn
more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/andreas-sack-deka.jpg?x88149)

3/5

 ____

Testimonials

“Our extensive due diligence process clearly pointed out that **Metaco
Harmonize** brings an unparalleled value proposition. It fits our ambition to
build a highly secure, infrastructure- and asset-agnostic architecture model.
Our operations will be independent, scalable and secure. As a result, we have
laid the foundation for the assets of the future.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/dekabank-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Andreas Sack

Head of Digital Assets Custody and Infrastructure, DekaBank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dekabank-technology-
partnership-metaco/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/nils-christopeit-dz-bank.png?x88149)

4/5

 ____

Testimonials

“Our requirements around security, scalability and future-proofness of our
digital asset custody initiative were highly complex, and **Metaco Harmonize**
proved to be the only solution fit for purpose and able to support our target
operating model. With the offering we can build by leveraging this technology,
we can create long-lasting competitive advantage”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/dz-
bank-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Nils Christopeit

Lead Solution Design Digital Custody, DZ BANK

[Learn More](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dzbank-metaco-strategic-
cooperation-digitalasset-custody-tokenization/ "Learn More")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/maxime_de_guillebon-640x640.jpeg?x88149)

5/5

 ____

Testimonials

“Zodia’s collaboration with Metaco allows us to safeguard and manage crypto
assets for institutions. **Metaco Harmonize** allows us to co-innovate and
build on top of a secure, flexible and modular platform, providing Zodia with
an agile infrastructure equally fit for the regulations and conditions
currently in place, but also for any possible future ones.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/zodia-
custody-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Maxime de Guillebon

CEO at Zodia Custody, by Standard Chartered

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/talks/combining-traditional-custody-
expertise-with-fintech-agility-w-maxime-de-guillebon-ceo-of-zodia-custody/
"Learn more")

## **Learn more about** our work with the largest global custodian banks

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/forge_full-logo.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

June 30, 2022### [Société Générale – FORGE Partners with Metaco to Expand its
Institutional Digital Assets Capabilities](https://www.metaco.com/press-
release/societe-generale-forge-partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-
institutional-digital-assets-capabilities/ "Société Générale – FORGE Partners
with Metaco to Expand its Institutional Digital Assets Capabilities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/07/bnp-logo.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

July 20, 2022### [BNP Paribas Securities Services selects Metaco to develop
digital assets custody capabilities](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bnp-
paribas-securities-services-selects-metaco-to-develop-digital-assets-custody-
capabilities/ "BNP Paribas Securities Services selects Metaco to develop
digital assets custody capabilities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/city.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

June 22, 2022### [Citi Partners with Metaco to Develop Institutional Digital
Asset Custody Capabilities](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/citi-
partners-with-metaco-to-develop-institutional-digital-asset-custody-
capabilities/ "Citi Partners with Metaco to Develop Institutional Digital
Asset Custody Capabilities")

## Start building **your future business model**

Find out how other leading top-tier banks, custodians and securities services
firms are using Metaco Harmonize to unlock the digital asset economy.

[Request a meeting with an expert](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request a
meeting with an expert")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

