[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL3Nwb3QtY29weS10cmFkaW5nLXVubG9jay1leHBlcnQtc3RyYXRlZ2llcy13aXRoLWp1c3QtYS1jbGljay0yNTA0ODQwMDYzNzM0MDY0NjY2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL3Nwb3QtY29weS10cmFkaW5nLXVubG9jay1leHBlcnQtc3RyYXRlZ2llcy13aXRoLWp1c3QtYS1jbGljay0yNTA0ODQwMDYzNzM0MDY0NjY2P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Spot Copy Trading: Unlock Expert Strategies With Just a Click!

2024-05-15

## Main Takeaways

  * Spot Copy Trading simplifies trading by enabling users (Copy Traders) to automatically copy the strategies of more experienced traders (Lead Traders) in spot markets.

  * Copy Traders can benefit from access to different strategies, risk management, and educational growth opportunities — all without the need to manually execute trades.

  * Lead Traders earn passive income by sharing their expertise, receiving a 10% profit share from copy traders and a 10% commission on trading fees.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240515/0fe6a951-a826-4c18-b53d-35ffd165cf9b)_This
is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be
available in your region._

Copy Trading allows you to automatically replicate the trades of more
experienced traders — known as Lead Traders — applying their strategies to
your own trading activities without needing to manually execute trades.

After launching [_Futures Copy
Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-
leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150) in October 2023, thereby
opening up advanced trading strategies to a wider audience, we recognized a
need to extend this tool even further. Many users expressed interest in a
similar feature for spot trading.

Responding to this feedback, we’re excited to now introduce Spot Copy Trading.
This expands the concept of Copy Trading on Binance beyond futures, and brings
it to our spot markets, making it easier for users across the world to follow
the strategies of Lead Traders. Our goal is to equip every user, no matter
where they are or their level of experience, with tools to enhance their
trading confidence and capabilities.

## Understanding Spot Copy Trading

In short, Spot Copy Trading is a feature that allows you to copy the trading
strategies of Lead Traders on Binance directly into your own trading activity,
minimising the need for deep market knowledge or constant monitoring.
Essentially, it turns the complex decisions of trading into a straightforward
process of selecting a trader to follow, making the world of cryptocurrency
trading more accessible to everyone.

For new traders, or existing traders looking to automate, this means an
opportunity to learn from others. It reduces the barrier to entry, offering a
practical learning experience as you watch and replicate the moves of more
seasoned traders. For Lead Traders, it’s an opportunity to monetize their
expertise and cultivate passive revenue streams, all while maintaining control
over their investments and portfolio.

The key difference between Spot and Futures Copy Trading lies in the assets
traded. Spot trading involves buying or selling crypto at current market
prices. Futures trading, meanwhile, often uses leverage. This can
significantly increase potential gains, but also risk, especially given market
volatility. As a result, Spot Copy Trading offers a more straightforward
introduction, presenting a clearer and less daunting entry point.

## How Spot Copy Trading Works

Whether you’re starting as a Copy Trader, or aiming to become a Lead Trader,
here are the steps and key information you need to take part. Learn how to get
set up, manage your assets, and what benefits and responsibilities come with
each role.

### For Copy Traders

**1\. Select a Lead Trader:** Navigate to Spot Copy Trading on Binance.****
Explore Lead Traders, reviewing their trading histories, strategies, and
success rates. Use the filters to narrow down traders, and choose who to copy
based on your goals and objectives.

**2\. Set Up a Copy Trading Portfolio:** After selecting a Lead Trader,
allocate your desired investment amount and start to copy their trades. Follow
the prompts to set this up. You can copy up to 10 Lead Traders at any one time
— so choose wisely!

**3\. Track Performance:** Retain control over your investments. You’ll have
the same gains/losses as the Lead Trader(s) you’re copying. So be sure to
track performance. Adjust allocations as needed. You can easily switch or stop
following a Lead Trader.

### For Lead Traders

**1\. Become a Lead Trader:** Start by ensuring your Binance account is
verified. Log in, navigate to [Trade] → [Copy Trading], select [Spot Copy
Trading], and click [Become a Spot Lead Trader]. Set up your profile with a
nickname, portfolio description, and select [Spot] as your trade type.
Transfer between 500 USDT and 250,000 USDT from your Spot Wallet to your Lead
Trader account (and agree to the User Service Agreement).

**2\. Requirements and Limitations:** Maintain a portfolio within 500 USDT to
250,000 USDT. You’re limited to one lead trader account, with up to 200
initial copy traders.

**3\. Benefits and Earnings:** As a Lead Trader on Binance you have access to
the largest user base, with the widest range of potential Copy Traders. Earn a
10% share of profits from your copy traders, and a 10% commission on their
trading fees.

Get ready to earn passive income thanks to your successful trading strategies!

## Features and Benefits of Spot Copy Trading

Spot Copy Trading on Binance is designed to be as user-friendly as possible,
ensuring that both new and seasoned traders can easily navigate and benefit
from this tool.

Let’s dive into the main features and benefits:

**\- Ease of Use and Simplicity:** Starting your Copy Trading journey is as
simple as a few clicks. The interface is intuitive, allowing for the easy
selection of Lead Traders and management of your copy trading settings.

**\- Transparency and Trust:** When choosing a Lead Trader, you’ll have access
to comprehensive, transparent information about their trading performance and
strategies. This builds trust and confidence in the data behind the decisions
you make.

**\- Learning Opportunities:** By copying the trades of more experienced
traders, you gain valuable insights into trading strategies and market
movements, offering a practical, hands-on learning experience.

As the world’s largest crypto exchange by trading volume, Binance’s platform
amplifies these features with a number of unique advantages:

**\- Liquidity:** Binance offers unparalleled liquidity, ensuring that your
trades are executed swiftly and at the desired prices.

**\- Variety of Trading Pairs:** With a vast array of trading pairs available,
you can diversify your portfolio, exploring opportunities across different
cryptocurrencies.

**\- Support and Community:** Binance is known for its robust customer support
system and vibrant community. Whether you need help with your account or seek
to share experiences, our platform and community are there for you.

These features and benefits make Spot Copy Trading on Binance more than just a
tool — it’s your gateway to becoming a more informed and successful trader!

## Final Thoughts

Spot Copy Trading is another step forward in Binance’s mission to democratize
trading, making it simpler and opening up opportunities for all. We invite you
to explore this new feature and its diverse opportunities. Whether starting
your trading journey or enhancing your strategies, Spot Copy Trading provides
a mix of learning and earning potential. For those considering the role of a
Lead Trader, it promises not just passive income through profit sharing and
commissions, but also a chance to positively influence the wider community.
Dive in today and transform your trading experience.

## Further Reading

  * [ _What Is a Spot Market and How to do Spot Trading?_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-spot-market-and-how-to-do-spot-trading)

  * [_Introducing Copy Trading: Leverage the Power of Experts_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150)

  * [ _Find Top-Performing Crypto Futures Traders_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/find-topperforming-crypto-futures-traders-with-binances-new-discover-feature-1823523037117298810)  

* * *

**Disclaimer:**_Binance is not responsible for any trading decisions of
copiers and/or traders whereas any content/material/information and/or past
performance should not be construed as an indication of future results as it
is used for informative purposes only. You should perform your own research
and should not rely on the opinion/advice of the signal provider (s) and/or
trader (s) as such do not constitute financial advice and should be treated
with caution. It is further not guaranteed that what any profits and/or losses
of the signal provider will be achieved by the copier whereas Binance cannot
secure that a trade/position will be executed at the same time as the signal
provider and/or order price and a higher amount may be lost as can be affected
by numerous variants such as account balance, number of deposits/withdrawals,
market, account settings and features of the signal provider’s account._

_Attention must also be placed on the variations between past performance and
the actual results of the copy trading as there are inherent differences such
as financial risk and ability to incur losses at the time of trading.
Therefore, should you decide to engage in copy trading, you agree to proceed
at your own responsibility and any opinions/view expressed between traders
and/or signal providers do not amount to investment advice and/or financial
advice either directly and/or indirectly. All traders should seek independent
financial and/or tax advice should they decide to proceed with copy trading
and they remain responsible for any actions and/or trading decisions on their
trading account prior and/or once they engage with the copy trading feature._

194,926,979 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

145

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Spot Copy Trading: Unlock Expert Strategies With Just a Click!

Main Takeaways

Understanding Spot Copy Trading

How Spot Copy Trading Works

Features and Benefits of Spot Copy Trading

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,926,979 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

