[EF Blog](/)

Search```K`

![ETH top background starting image](/images/eth-top-left@2x.png)

![ETH bottom background ending image](/images/eth-bottom-right@2x.png)

[](/)

Skip to content

Categories

[R&D Research & Development](/category/research-and-development)[Events
Events](/category/events)[Org Organizational](/category/organizational)[ESP
Ecosystem Support Program](/category/ecosystem-support-program)[ETH.org
Ethereum.org](/category/ethereum-org)[Sec Security](/category/security)[NxBn
Next Billion](/category/next-billion)[Protocol Protocol
Announcements](/category/protocol)

[Languages](/languages)Search```K`

May 22, 2024

[R&D](/category/research-and-development)

[![Nyota Interop Recap
‚ú®](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_7fed9f34432047c0ff0ffd60907593c5.jpeg&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/05/22/nyota-
interop-recap)

[Nyota Interop Recap ‚ú®](/2024/05/22/nyota-interop-recap)

by Tim Beiko

Last week, Ethereum client, testing and research teams from around the world
gathered together for a week of intense work on the Pectra network upgrade,
PeerDAS and the Verge. Similarly to previous events like Edelweiss üèîÔ∏è or
Amphora üè∫, the focus of the Nyota ‚ú® interop was achieving multi-client
interoperability across the different technical tracks. In addition to this,
Nyota was preceded with a first of its kind public event: Frontiers Africa,
where core devs & researchers spent the day meeting & exchanging with builders
from across the region.

May 14, 2024

[ESP](/category/ecosystem-support-program)

[![Allocation Update - Q1
2024](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_fd63dc334e72e1c2885cb7969adc1faf.jpg&w=3840&q=75)![Allocation
Update - Q1
2024](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_fd63dc334e72e1c2885cb7969adc1faf.jpg&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/05/14/esp-
allocation-q124)

[Allocation Update - Q1 2024](/2024/05/14/esp-allocation-q124)

by Ecosystem Support Program Team

We're welcoming the new year with a fresh wave of grants! Discover the
projects that received funding in the first quarter of this year, listed down
below:

May 13, 2024

[R&D](/category/research-and-development)

[![Announcing the Ethereum Protocol Fellowship Cohort
5](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_d97f78dc85b9eea12b8ca784a5313105.png&w=3840&q=75)![Announcing
the Ethereum Protocol Fellowship Cohort
5](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_d97f78dc85b9eea12b8ca784a5313105.png&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/05/13/epf-5-announcement)

[Announcing the Ethereum Protocol Fellowship Cohort
5](/2024/05/13/epf-5-announcement)

by Protocol Support Team

TL;DR: \- Review the program details for EPF5 üîé \- Applications for EPF5 are
open until May 26 üìù \- A town hall will be held for an overview and questions
on May 21 at 4PM UTC. üéôÔ∏è We are excited to announce that the applications are
now open for the fifth cohort of the Ethereum Protocol Fellowship (EPF5). The
EPF provides a pathway for aspiring protocol contributors to make meaningful
contributions to Ethereum. In each cohort, a diverse group is assembled to
work toward advancing Ethereum's technology during the fellowship. This
includes everything from the development of client implementations, testing
and specifications, and participating in the latest core protocol research.
The program provides fellows with a unique opportunity to collaborate with
other talented individuals,

April 22, 2024

[R&D](/category/research-and-development)

[![Ethereum Protocol Fellowship Cohort 4
Recap](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Ethereum
Protocol Fellowship Cohort 4
Recap](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_ef8a5602779302657f773c9b6715e749.png&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/04/22/epf-4-recap)

[Ethereum Protocol Fellowship Cohort 4 Recap](/2024/04/22/epf-4-recap)

by Protocol Support Team

TL;DR: The EPF concluded the fourth cohort and is preparing for a fifth
cohort. Applications will be open soon. In the meantime, explore the new
EPF.wiki and sign up to get notified when they open. The Ethereum Protocol
Fellowship recently completed its fourth successful cohort, culminating with
EPF Day at Devconnect in Istanbul. Its completion marked 4 months of immersive
learning, research and contribution to the Ethereum core ecosystem from a
group of talented and dedicated fellows. To learn more about EPF, take a look
at some of the past posts and repos.

March 21, 2024

[Sec](/category/security)

[![Sepolia
Incident](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Sepolia
Incident](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Feth-
org.jpeg&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/03/21/sepolia-incident)

[Sepolia Incident](/2024/03/21/sepolia-incident)

by Marius van der Wijden, Toni Wahrst√§tter, Parithosh Jayanthi

This blog post discloses a threat against the Ethereum network that was
present from the Merge up until the Dencun hard fork.

March 14, 2024

[Events](/category/events)

[![Announcing the Devcon SEA
venue!](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Announcing
the Devcon SEA
venue!](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_46c6876bb799d0812d4ed86203efc89d.jpg&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/03/14/devcon-
sea-venue)

[Announcing the Devcon SEA venue!](/2024/03/14/devcon-sea-venue)

by Devcon Team

Hello, Devcon awaiters! We are thrilled to announce the venue where we‚Äôll meet
for Devcon 7 in Southeast Asia from November 12-15! This year we are
transforming the QSNCC - Queen Sirikit National Convention Center into a
lively world that showcases our community spirit, and all of the innovation
being worked on in the Ethereum ecosystem. For easier bookmarking, find a maps
link to the venue here!

February 29, 2024

[NxBn](/category/next-billion)

[![Devconnect Scholars Program - Ethereum Stories from Istanbul and
Beyond](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Devconnect
Scholars Program - Ethereum Stories from Istanbul and
Beyond](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_bc451adb280fe2de40c39e1246ddd6db.png&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/02/29/scholars-
stories)

[Devconnect Scholars Program - Ethereum Stories from Istanbul and
Beyond](/2024/02/29/scholars-stories)

by Team Next Billion

Ethereum is growing, and diversity of human participation creates resilience
throughout the ecosystem. The Devconnect Scholars Program is one small effort
that aims to create resilience through community diversity. Better
representation across human geography and demographics leads to diverse
experiences and new perspectives that help the Ethereum protocol serve the
coordination needs of all humans, not just a lucky few. Not only does better
representation - leading to better geographical distribution of Ethereum nodes
for example - help the security of the network, but we believe it is crucial
in enriching our community and in making Ethereum stories tangible for more
people. The Scholars Program brought to Devconnect Istanbul 22 builders from
communities that are currently underrepresented in Ethereum. This post
highlights just a few of

February 27, 2024

[R&D](/category/research-and-development)

[![Dencun Mainnet
Announcement](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Dencun
Mainnet
Announcement](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_5f7b49ceccd26dd121224fe4688f175a.jpeg&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/02/27/dencun-
mainnet-announcement)

[Dencun Mainnet Announcement](/2024/02/27/dencun-mainnet-announcement)

by Protocol Support Team

March 12, 2024 update: Since the initial publication of this post, several
client teams have made Dencun-compatible releases containing significant
performance and stability improvements. While previously announced versions
are still considered sufficient for the upgrade, a column has been added to
the Client Releases tables highlighting the latest recommended versions for
all clients. Mainnet blobs are coming .oO: Two years after its ETHDenver
inception, dozens of testing calls and devnets later, protodanksharding is
finally going live on mainnet! Dencun will activate on the Ethereum mainnet at
epoch 269568, occurring on March 13, 2024 at 13:55 UTC. Node operators &
stakers must upgrade their software to releases listed in this announcement.
To receive email alerts for future network upgrade announcements, subscribe
here.

February 21, 2024

[R&D](/category/research-and-development)

[![ZK Grants
Round](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![ZK
Grants
Round](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstorage.googleapis.com%2Fethereum-
hackmd%2Fupload_5f9de0f756d8e3961162ca8306c36cb6.png&w=3840&q=75)](/2024/02/21/zk-
grants-round)

[ZK Grants Round](/2024/02/21/zk-grants-round)

by Rodrigo Vasquez

The Ethereum Foundation is thrilled to announce a collaborative grant round
with Aztec, Polygon, Scroll, Taiko, and zkSync to develop Zero Knowledge
public goods projects. Each co-funder of the grant round has contributed 150K
USD in funds, bringing the total grant pool to 900K USD. The breadth and
complexity of the Layer 2 ecosystem has reached a point where identifying
shared needs and dependencies requires the participation of domain experts
from a range of stakeholders. The co-funders will, therefore, not only provide
funding but also participate in the allocation decisions. Beyond more and
better-informed funding, we hope this approach will facilitate increasing
modularity and use of shared standards in the ZK L2 ecosystem. For this round
the research teams have collaborated on a collective wishlist to

Newer postsOlder posts

### Subscribe to Protocol Announcements

Sign up to receive email notifications for protocol-related announcements,
such as network upgrades, FAQs or security issues. You can opt-out of these at
any time.

Sign up

* * *

  * [](/en/feed.xml)
  * [](mailto:info@ethereum.org)
  * [](https://github.com/ethereum)
  * [](https://twitter.com/ethereum)

  * [Ethereum Foundation](https://ethereum.foundation)‚Ä¢
  * [Ethereum.org](https://ethereum.org)‚Ä¢
  * [ESP](https://esp.ethereum.foundation/en)‚Ä¢
  * [Bug Bounty Program](https://ethereum.org/en/bug-bounty)‚Ä¢
  * [Do-not-Track](http://matomo.ethereum.org/piwik/index.php?module=CoreAdminHome&action=optOut)‚Ä¢
  * [Archive](/archive)

##### Categories

  * [Research & Development](/category/research-and-development)‚Ä¢
  * [Events](/category/events)‚Ä¢
  * [Organizational](/category/organizational)‚Ä¢
  * [Ecosystem Support Program](/category/ecosystem-support-program)‚Ä¢
  * [Ethereum.org](/category/ethereum-org)‚Ä¢
  * [Security](/category/security)‚Ä¢
  * [Next Billion](/category/next-billion)‚Ä¢
  * [Protocol Announcements](/category/protocol)

