[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vZmFuLXRva2VuP3V0bV9zb3VyY2U9ZmFuLXRva2Vu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vZmFuLXRva2VuP3V0bV9zb3VyY2U9ZmFuLXRva2Vu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/df010f2fd88d4d3fb7961f923336bd2b.png)](/fan-
token/team-profile/lazio)

[![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/0ada8c6628424be9abb78fd5b440f12d.png)](/fan-
token/team-profile/porto)

[![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/4e0e2fd0e3f44f81ada3420f26b67bc0.png)](/fan-
token/team-profile/santos)

[![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/af6d37a65a6a4fa7aac6c15536446798.png)](/fan-
token/team-profile/alpine)

Choose Team

PORTO Fan Token

Engage with your favorite team!

[Join now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/porto?utm_source=fan-token)

Binance Fan Arena

Participate in the Fan Arena to receive Star Points and redeem exclusive
rewards.

[Join Now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/porto/fan-
arena?utm_source=fan-token)

Brasileirão Assaí Fanverse

Discover a brand new fanverse with CBF

[Join Now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/CBF??ref=BR23&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=cbf-
mainpagebanner&utm_campaign=cbf-cbf-fanverse-ft-banner&registerChannel=cbf)

FC Shakhtar Fanverse

Discover a brand new fanverse with FC Shakhtar

[Join Now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse?ref=NO5BA53I?utm_source=fan-
token&registerChannel=fcshakhtar)

Binance Fan Club

Increase your membership levels to earn greater rewards!

[Go to Binance Fan Club](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio/bfc?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
mainpagebanner&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC)

PORTO Fan Token

Engage with your favorite team!

[Join now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/porto?utm_source=fan-token)

Binance Fan Arena

Participate in the Fan Arena to receive Star Points and redeem exclusive
rewards.

[Join Now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/porto/fan-
arena?utm_source=fan-token)

Brasileirão Assaí Fanverse

Discover a brand new fanverse with CBF

[Join Now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/CBF??ref=BR23&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=cbf-
mainpagebanner&utm_campaign=cbf-cbf-fanverse-ft-banner&registerChannel=cbf)

FC Shakhtar Fanverse

Discover a brand new fanverse with FC Shakhtar

[Join Now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse?ref=NO5BA53I?utm_source=fan-
token&registerChannel=fcshakhtar)

Binance Fan Club

Increase your membership levels to earn greater rewards!

[Go to Binance Fan Club](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio/bfc?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
mainpagebanner&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC)

PORTO Fan Token

Engage with your favorite team!

[Join now](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/porto?utm_source=fan-token)

  * 1
  * 2
  * 3
  * 4
  * 5

Featured Teams

Find top teams on Binance and explore Binance Fan Tokens to enjoy an all-new
fan engagement experience.

[Browse All Teams ](/fan-token/team-profile)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/fan-token/image/teamlist/previous-
btn.svg)

![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/df010f2fd88d4d3fb7961f923336bd2b.png)

S.S. Lazio

LAZIO

2.767 USDT

≈

2.77

USD

[View Details](/fan-token/team-profile/lazio)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/fan-token/image/football.svg)

![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/0ada8c6628424be9abb78fd5b440f12d.png)

FC Porto

PORTO

2.544 USDT

≈

2.54

USD

[View Details](/fan-token/team-profile/porto)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/fan-token/image/football.svg)

![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/4e0e2fd0e3f44f81ada3420f26b67bc0.png)

Santos FC

SANTOS

6.895 USDT

≈

6.89

USD

[View Details](/fan-token/team-profile/santos)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/fan-token/image/football.svg)

![](https://public.nftstatic.com/static/fantoken/af6d37a65a6a4fa7aac6c15536446798.png)

BWT Alpine F1® Team

ALPINE

1.853 USDT

≈

1.85

USD

[View Details](/fan-token/team-profile/alpine)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/fan-token/image/car-watermark-
card.svg)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/fan-token/image/teamlist/next-
btn.svg)

Write the future

with your team

As a Fan

As a Team

Support the teams you love with Binance Fan Tokens

Influence team decisions through Fan Voting Polls

Unlock Fan Badges to win special rewards and privileges

Be first to buy limited edition NFTs from your favorite teams

Score experiences that money can't buy with Binance Fan Tokens

Launchpad

Binance Fan Token Launch Platform

Buy

Using Bank Card

Marketplace

On Spot Market

  *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

Binance Fan Arena

Predict the outcome of real-time matches and receive Star Points to redeem
exclusive rewards!

Go to Binance Fan Arena

How Binance Fan Token Works

Buy Binance Fan Tokens

Score limited edition NFTs

Make your vote count

Build your Fan Badge collection

[Learn more](/support/list/get-started-with-Binance-fan-token)

Looking to launch your Binance Fan Token?

If you're interested in partnering with Binance, send us an email to get
started.

[fantoken@binance.com](mailto:fantoken@binance.com)

Binance Fan Tokens may fluctuate in value and you should conduct your own due
diligence of the suitability of tokens and the risks involved before you enter
into any transaction. To access and use the Binance Fan Token Platform, you
must go through our mandatory KYC and identity verification process and agree
to the Binance Fan Tokens Terms and Conditions and the [general Binance Terms
of Use](/terms?utm_source=fan-token). Binance has the right to modify and
terminate tokens, utility features and the Binance Fan Token Platform with all
its related content without notice or liability to users.

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

Binance Fan Tokens Terms and Conditions

Binance.com is a platform providing various products and services to global
customers, which are subject to different laws and regulations in different
jurisdictions. The invitation to register for Fan Tokens is not, and is not
intended as, an invitation or inducement to invest in any other products or
services on Binance.com.

1\. Acceptance of Binance Fan Token Terms; Modification of Binance Fan Token
Terms

1.1 Welcome to the Binance Fan Token Platform, owned and operated by Binance
Capital Management Group (“Binance”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). These terms and
conditions (“FT Terms”) constitute a legally binding agreement between Binance
and each registered or unregistered end user (“you” or “your”) of the Binance
Fan Token (BFT) Platform located at <https://www.binance.com/fan-token> (or
such other URL as may be designated by Binance from time to time), as well as
any mobile apps or other related services or applications thereto
(collectively, the “Binance Fan Token Platform”).

1.2 The Binance Fan Token Platform is considered part of the “Binance
Services” as defined in the Binance Terms of Use (“Binance Terms”) set forth
[here](https://www.binance.com/terms). The Binance Terms are also incorporated
into these FT Terms. The FT Terms govern your use and access of the Binance
Fan Tokens. In the event of a conflict between these FT Terms and the Binance
Terms, the Binance Terms will prevail.

1.3 Please carefully review both these FT Terms and the Binance Terms. By
accessing and using the BFT platform (including but not limited to purchasing
tokens, voting, staking and purchasing NFTs), you are deemed to have read,
accepted, executed and agreed to be bound by these FT Terms (including the
Binance Terms that are incorporated in these FT Terms).

1.4 We may change or amend these FT Terms at any time at our sole and absolute
discretion. Any changes to these FT Terms will be in effect as of the “last
revised” date referred to at the top of this page. You acknowledge and agree
that the form and nature of the FT Terms, and any part of it, may change from
time to time, and that we may add new or remove existing features and change
any part of the FT Platform. Any changes made to these terms will be notified
to you through our communication channels.

1.5 If any provision of these FT Terms or the Binance Terms or any future
changes are unacceptable to you, you should cease to use the Binance Fan Token
Platform. Your continued use of the Binance Fan Token Platform following the
posting of any notice of any change to these FT Terms shall constitute your
acceptance and agreement to such change.

2\. Definitions

Binance refers to an ecosystem comprising Binance websites (whose domain names
include but are not limited to <https://www.binance.com>), mobile
applications, clients, applets and other applications that are developed to
offer Binance Services, and includes independently-operated platforms,
websites and clients within the ecosystem.

Binance Account refers to the foundational virtual accounts, including main
accounts and subaccounts, which are opened by Binance for users to record on
Binance their usage of Binance Services, transactions, asset changes and basic
information. Binance Accounts serve as the basis for users to enjoy and
exercise their rights on Binance.

Binance Fan Token is a utility token which provides holders with certain
benefits in relation to a particular Club or partner to which the Binance Fan
Token is linked. This includes the ability to vote on certain Club decisions,
as well as having access to exclusive Club rewards.

Binance Fan Token Launchpad is the exclusive Binance Fan Token Launch platform
where tokens are listed and distributed between participating Binance users.
BNB holders can commit an amount of BNB (based on their ​​average BNB balance
over a set period of days) towards a Binance Fan Token Launchpad and new
tokens are allocated to participating users.

Binance Fan Token Platform or BFT Platform refers to the platform on which you
can purchase, stake, trade, acquire NFTs and otherwise transact with Binance
Fan Tokens.

Binance Fan Token Sale refers to the initial sale of a given Binance Fan
Token, as described at paragraph 5 below.

Binance NFT Marketplace refers to the digital marketplace on which holders of
Binance Fan Tokens can use those Binance Fan Tokens to purchase NFTs related
to their Club.

Binance Services refer to various services provided to you by Binance that are
based on Internet and/or blockchain technologies and offered via Binance
websites, mobile applications, clients and other forms (including new ones
enabled by future technological development). Binance Services include but are
not limited to such Binance ecosystem components as Digital Asset Trading
Platforms, the financing sector, Binance Labs, Binance Academy, Binance
Charity, Binance Info, Binance Launchpad, Binance Research, Binance Chain,
Binance X, Binance Fiat Gateway, existing services offered by Trust Wallet and
novel services to be provided by Binance.

Binance Terms refers to the general Terms and Conditions for Binance, which
can be found [here](https://www.binance.com/terms), and are incorporated by
reference into these FT Terms.

BNB refers to Binance Coin, the native Digital Asset on the Binance network.

Club refers to any sports club which has partnered with Binance and has
launched a Binance Fan Token.

Detailed Allocation Calculation and BNB Deduction Rules refers to the
calculation method that Binance uses to assess the total amount of BNB that
would be deducted from a user when they take part in a Token Sale on a Binance
Platform. The process is outlined
[here](https://www.binance.com/support/faq/9c9c8c38ce384c95a527f19dd30b7464).

Digital Assets refer to Digital Currencies, their derivatives or other types
of digitalized assets with a certain value.

Digital Currencies refer to encrypted or digital tokens or cryptocurrencies
with a certain value that are based on blockchain and cryptography
technologies and are issued and managed in a decentralized form.

FT Terms refers to these terms and conditions governing the Binance Fan Token.

Identity Verification refers to the system through which Binance will verify
your identification before you are onboarded on to the Binance Fan Token
Platform.

Maximum Purchase Transaction refers to the maximum number of Binance Fan
Tokens that can be purchased in any given transaction, as described in
paragraph 5.4.

Minimum Purchase Transaction refers to the minimum number of Binance Fan
Tokens that can be purchased in any given transaction, as described in
paragraph 5.4.

NFT means a Non-Fungible Token. These are a specific form of Digital Asset
that are unique. These are described in more detail at paragraph 3.3.

NFT Media refers to certain digital media and art that the Club-specific NFTs
relate to.

Trading Rules refer to the Binance website page that details the Minimum and
Maximum Purchase Transaction amounts for all BNB markets, and can be accessed
[here](https://www.binance.com/trade-rule).

Identity Verification or KYC Procedures are designed to protect users’
accounts against the misuse of financial accounts such as fraud, corruption,
money laundering, and terrorist financing. Binance requires users to complete
Identity Verification to increase their account security and to access certain
Binance Services and features.

3\. Overview of the Binance Fan Token (“BFT”) Platform

3.1 Once you agree to our mandatory KYC and go through [Identity
Verification](https://www.binance.com/support/faq/360027287111), the BFT
Platform will provide you with the opportunity to purchase, stake, trade,
acquire NFTs and otherwise transact with Binance Fan Tokens.

3.2 These Binance Fan Tokens have additional utilities that give Binance Fan
Token holders the right to vote for their respective Clubs, provide access to
extra VIP benefits, unlock fan badges, and acquire limited edition NFTs
(amongst other things).

3.3 Binance Fan Tokens can also be used to acquire Club-specific non-fungible
tokens (“NFTs”) linked to certain digital media and art (“NFT Media”). We
facilitate transactions between buyer and seller of an NFT, but we are not a
party to any agreement between buyer and seller of an NFT on the Binance NFT
Marketplace.

3.4 We collect revenue on the Binance NFT Marketplace via transaction fees and
other applicable fees, which we display when you interact with the Binance NFT
Marketplace. For the avoidance of doubt, NFTs transacted on the Binance NFT
Marketplace are considered “Digital Assets” as defined in the Binance Terms.

3.5 We reserve the right to be the final decision maker on any disputes
arising from purchases via the Binance NFT Marketplace, including in
connection with any auctions or other purchase methods.

3.6 We have no obligation or liability to you for keeping, storing, or helping
to recover any NFT Media associated with your NFTs.

3.7 If you purchase an NFT, you own the NFT that is associated with certain
NFT Media, but you do not own any intellectual property rights in such NFT
Media except for the license grants expressly set out in these FT Terms. In
certain cases, we may help to evaluate or provide you with information about a
seller of an NFT. However, such information is provided for informational
purposes only.

4\. RISK DISCLOSURE

4.1 By participating in a Binance Fan Token Launchpad, you are voluntarily
choosing to engage in a Digital Asset transaction.

4.2 Digital Assets are a [very] high risk investment that can fluctuate widely
in price and may even become worthless. They are not appropriate for all
investors and you should consider whether they are suitable for you in light
of your financial situation. You should only buy Digital Assets if you are
prepared to accept the risk of losing all your initial investment.

4.3 You acknowledge that you are aware of the risk associated with the use of
the Binance Services, participating in the Token Launchpad, purchasing,
holding and trading of Binance Fan Tokens/collectible tokens/other Digital
Assets and with engaging in transactions of distributed ledger technology
assets, including but not limited to technology glitches (including but not
limited to problems with blockchain technology and distributed ledger
technology) and hacking.

4.4 We work hard to provide state-of-the-art systems and security.
Nonetheless, certain issues and risks are unavoidable, and if such issues or
problems arise in connection with the use of the Binance Services, including
relating to the purchase of Binance Fan Tokens or collectible tokens in Token
Launchpads, it may take days, weeks or months to resolve, and some issues may
not be resolved at all.

4.5 The Binance Fan Tokens do not constitute securities of any form, units in
a business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of
regulated investment or investment product, in any jurisdiction. These FT
Terms do not constitute a prospectus or offer document of any sort, and are
not intended to constitute an offer of securities of any form, units in a
business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of
regulated investment or investment product, or a solicitation for any form of
regulated investment or investment product in any such jurisdiction.

4.6 If you are in any doubt as to the action you should take, you should
consult your legal, financial, tax or other professional advisor(s).

4.7 By agreeing to these FT Terms, you acknowledge that we are not responsible
for the risks mentioned in this section, and you voluntarily assume and accept
such risks in deciding to participate in the Binance Fan Token Launchpad and
to purchase and/or trade tokens through the BFT Platform.

5\. TOKEN SALE

5.1 GENERAL

You may only access and purchase Binance Fan Tokens for your personal, non-
commercial use of the Binance Services. Unless provided otherwise,
participation in the Binance Fan Token Sale and the acquisition of Binance Fan
Tokens from the BFT Platform are non-refundable events.

As set out below, all Binance Fan Tokens and other content are provided “as
is,” without any warranty. You agree that all sales of Tokens and other
Digital Assets by Binance to you are final and that we will not permit
exchanges or refunds for any unused Binance Fan Tokens once the transaction
has been made.

Generally, we have the right to offer, modify, eliminate, and/or terminate
Binance Fan Tokens, the content, and/or the BFT Platform, or any portion
thereof, at any time and without liability to you. If we discontinue the use
of Binance Fan Tokens, we will provide at least 30 days’ advance notice to you
by posting a notice through our official communication channels. We reserve
the right to host Binance Fan Token sales on other platforms as we may
determine at our sole discretion.

We reserve the right to issue additional terms and conditions applicable to
specific Binance Fan Token Launchpads as may be decided by us at our sole
discretion which shall be communicated to you in advance using appropriate
communication channels as we may deem appropriate.

5.2 ELIGIBILITY TO PURCHASE TOKENS

You agree not to participate in any Binance Fan Token Launchpads if there are
any legal restrictions that apply to you or the country in which you live. It
is your sole responsibility to ensure that your participation in the Binance
Fan Token Launchpad is not prohibited, restricted, curtailed, hindered,
impaired or otherwise adversely affected in any way by any applicable law,
regulation or rule in the country in which you live.

5.3 USER IDENTIFICATION PROCEDURES

[Include our latest user verification process]

In order to be onboarded onto the Binance Fan Token Platform or to take part
in any Binance Fan Token Sale we will require you to complete an [Identity
Verification](https://www.binance.com/support/faq/360027287111) process.

For us to verify your identity, you will need to provide a valid government-
issued picture identification document (e.g. a passport, drivers’ license or
identity card), and perform a facial verification. You will receive the
verification result to your specified email address within 1-3 business days.

Additionally, specific Binance Fan Token related activities, such as the
withdrawal of Binance Fan Tokens, require one or more two-factor
authentication (2FA) methods such as Google Authenticator, SMS verification,
or email verification.

We reserve the right, in our sole and absolute discretion, to reject your
intended purchase of Binance Fan Tokens if you are unable to provide such
documents or information to our sole and absolute satisfaction. Only
participants who have successfully satisfied the User Verification Procedures,
to our sole and absolute satisfaction, shall be eligible to purchase and/or
trade Tokens or make general use of the Binance Fan Token Platform.

5.4 MINIMUM AND MAXIMUM PURCHASE TRANSACTION

The Minimum Purchase Transaction (“Minimum Purchase Transaction”) is the
minimum amount which can be purchased in an individual transaction on the
Binance Fan Token Platform as may be determined by us from time to time. Any
purchase transactions below the Minimum Purchase Transaction shall be
automatically rejected.

The Maximum Purchase Transaction (“Maximum Purchase Transaction”) is the
maximum amount which can be purchased in an individual transaction on the
Binance Fan Token Platform as may be determined by us. You may execute more
than one (1) Maximum Purchase Transaction on the Binance Fan Token Platform,
provided the due diligence and User Verification Procedures are satisfied.

We reserve the right to adjust, in our sole and absolute discretion, the
Maximum Purchase Transaction and Minimum Purchase Transaction amounts at any
time, whether for particular Token Launchpads or otherwise, and these changes
shall be clearly communicated to you prior to placing any orders. The full
list detailing the Minimum and Maximum Purchase Transaction is available under
our Trading Rules [here](https://www.binance.com/trade-rule).

6\. BINANCE FAN TOKEN OFFERING

6.1 All orders placed for the purchase of Binance Fan Tokens during the
Binance Fan Token Launchpads are final and cannot be cancelled.

6.2 In order to take part in the Launchpad Subscription, you will commit an
amount of BNB towards a Binance Fan Token Sale. Your final allocation of the
new Binance Fan Token is determined by the ratio of your committed BNB against
the total committed BNB by all participating users.

6.3 Following the end of the BNB commitment period is over, we will calculate
your token allocation. Once your allocation is calculated, a portion of your
locked BNB will be deducted in exchange for the number of Binance Fan Tokens
calculated.

6.4 For more details on our Detailed Allocation Calculation and BNB Deduction
Rules please refer to our corresponding FAQ
[here](https://www.binance.com/support/faq/9c9c8c38ce384c95a527f19dd30b7464).

7\. USE OF BINANCE FAN TOKENS

7.1 Binance Fan Tokens grant holders voting rights to participate in
governance and engagement polls for the associated Clubs and partners, as well
as any other rights that may be determined by Binance or the relevant Club or
partner from time to time.

7.2 Binance Fan Tokens will allow the holders to cast votes in the periodic
voting polls. When a Binance Fan Token holder holds multiple Tokens, such
holder’s vote will have a greater weighting, but the precise weighing of the
voting rights is subject to the Club/partner and the specific poll’s
instructions.

7.3 In order to prevent the manipulation and control of polls by a single
Binance Fan Token holder, each Binance Fan Token holder will be entitled to
only one (1) voting right per poll, regardless of the number of Binance Fan
Tokens they hold.

7.4 In the case that a poll is capped at a maximum number of permissible votes
per Binance Fan Token holder, then you will be informed before exercising your
vote. The holder of a Binance Fan Token belonging to a Club or partner will
always be entitled to a minimum of one (1) vote in the respective Club’s or
partner’s poll.

7.5 Binance Fan Tokens are not extinguished after use and if you hold a
Binance Fan Token you may continue to participate in the relevant polls for as
long as you hold a Binance Fan Token.

7.6 Polls may be of a binding or non-binding nature. In case of binding polls,
the Club or partner is obliged to carry out the result of the final poll
except in exceptional cases. For clarity, “exceptional cases” means any
circumstance beyond the reasonable control of the Club or partner, rendering
the performance and/or obligations of the Club or partner impossible.

7.7 Polls are subject to time limits after which no more voting on that
particular poll will be allowed.

7.8 Following participation in a Club/partner’s poll, the Binance Fan Token
Holder’s Tokens for that Club/partner will be temporarily locked and
unavailable for trading on the marketplace until the voting period of the Poll
has lapsed.

7.9 The Binance Fan Token may lose its voting right and, therefore, the use of
the particular Binance Fan Token will become limited and may also lose value
upon the expiration of the Club’s or partner’s agreement, or in any other case
where the partnership with such Club/partner is terminated for whatever
reason.

7.10 Unless communicated otherwise by us, the relevant Binance Fan Token may
still be kept in your Binance wallet or traded on the Binance Fan Token
platform as you may decide. In no case shall we or the relevant Club/partners
be held liable for any losses, expenses or any other damages incurred by you
as a result of such termination of the partnership.

7.11 You acknowledge and agree that the Binance Fan Token does not:

(A) grant you any ownership rights of the Club to which it relates, nor any
right to participate in dividends or in the winding-up of the company in the
event of administration;

(B) create nor acknowledge any indebtedness by the Club to you, and does not
entitle you to receive any payments of interest or equivalent;

(C) entitle you to any other investment of any kind; or

(D) grant you any right or obligation to acquire or dispose of any other
security or contractually based investment, nor confirm that any property will
be delivered by any party at any date in the future.

7.12 Further, you acknowledge and agree that neither the Binance Fan Token,
nor any proceeds received by Binance or the Club from their purchase, are
managed by any party in order to generate any profit or income from which you
may benefit.

8\. Verification and Payment

8.1 When you carry out a transaction on the BFT Platform, including, without
limitation, any purchase of NFTs, you must provide and maintain valid payment
information in connection with your Binance Account (as defined in the Binance
Terms) with us. You represent and warrant that you are authorized to use the
payment method you use to make any purchase.

8.2 You authorize us to charge your payment method for the total amount of
your purchase price. Your order may be suspended or cancelled for any reason,
including if the payment method cannot be verified, is invalid or is otherwise
not acceptable. Other payment terms for purchases are set forth in the
relevant sections of the Binance Terms.

8.3 You are solely responsible to pay any and all sales, use, value-added and
other taxes, duties, and assessments associated with your use of the BFT
Platform or NFTs (except taxes on our net income or income taxes levied on us
as a result of such purchases of NFTs) whether now, or claimed or imposed by
any governmental authority at a later date.

9\. Limitation of liability

9.1 In no event shall Binance, its affiliates and service providers, or any of
their respective officers, directors, agents, joint venturers, employees or
representatives, be liable:

(A) for any amount greater than the value of the Digital Asset or Binance Fan
Token on deposit in your digital wallet(s); or

(B) losses that were not foreseeable to both parties when this agreement was
entered into; or

(C) losses that were not caused by any breach on the part of Binance;

whether based in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability, or otherwise,
arising out of or in connection with authorized or unauthorized use of the
Binance Fan Token site or the Binance Services, or this agreement, except to
the extent that such damages were a result of our gross negligence, fraud,
wilful misconduct or intentional violation of law.

9.2 The Binance Services are provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis
without any representation or warranty, whether express, implied or statutory.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, we specifically disclaim
any implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose and/or non-infringement.

9.3 We do not make any representations or warranties that access to the site,
any part of the Binance Services, or any of the materials contained therein,
will be continuous, uninterrupted, timely, or error-free.

10\. NFT Ticketing (EPI Discount Codes)

10.1 The discount code is valid on <https://www.laziostylestore.com> and
cannot be used in combination with other discounts or promotions.

10.2 This discount code is only valid for one time redemption.

10.3 Users with no KYC can claim discount codes upon successful claiming of
Lazio NFT season tickets.

10.4 The discount code is valid from 21/07/2022 to 05/06/2023.

10.5 Once the discount is redeemed it is not possible to use or obtain a
replacement code. This includes, but is not limited to, the following cases:
refund, misuse, code lost or hacked, wrong size of merchandise, technical
errors and other cases.

10.6 Binance reserves the right to cancel or amend the NFT ticketing rules at
our sole discretion.

10.7 Where any discrepancies arise between the translated versions and the
original English version, the English version shall prevail.

11\. NFT Ticketing (Europa League Discount Codes)

11.1 Discount code is valid for the following website only:
<https://www.sslazio.it> and it cannot be used in combination with other
discounts or promotions.

11.2 Users with no KYC are able to claim discount codes upon successful
claiming of Lazio NFT season tickets.

11.3 This discount code is only valid for one time redemption.

11.4 For the Europa League group stage bundle, the NFT season ticket will only
be valid for the first 3 S.S. Lazio Home matches. The fixture dates will be
released by UEFA and they are the only ones responsible for announcing,
managing and changing the match dates.

11.5 Once the discount is redeemed it is not possible to use or obtain a
replacement code. This includes, but is not limited to, the following cases:
refund, misuse, lost code or hacked, wrong size of merchandise, technical
errors and other cases.

11.6 Binance is only responsible for the distribution of the discount codes,
and declines any responsibility for the product/services purchased. It is
advised for the users to check the T&C of the service provider.

11.7 We are committed to providing all ticket holders with a safe and
enjoyable experience. As such, there may be specific vaccination, masking and
pre-event testing requirements, which may vary depending on different venues.

11.8 Binance reserves the right to cancel or amend the NFT ticketing rules at
our sole discretion.

12\. NFT Ticketing (LAZIO Fan Token)

12.1 Only users who complete KYC will be able to claim LAZIO Fan Token rewards
upon successful claiming of Lazio NFT season ticket.

12.2 Binance reserves the right to cancel or amend the NFT ticketing rules at
our sole discretion.

12.3 Where any discrepancies arise between the translated versions and the
original English version, the English version shall prevail.

Risk Reminder Participants understand the risks involved in digital assets
trading (including digital currencies, their derivatives or other types of
digitalized assets with a certain value) and all users are recommended to
exercise prudence and trade responsibly within their own capabilities. Binance
does not take responsibility for any trading behaviors resulting in direct or
indirect losses.

BackI Accept

Support

![](https://fast.wistia.net/embed/medias/snvou5rk3c/swatch)

![Video Thumbnail](https://fast.wistia.net/embed/medias/snvou5rk3c/swatch)

![Video Thumbnail](https://embed-
ssl.wistia.com/deliveries/622b99ace10c78c325b5967a82ea9239.webp?image_crop_resized=640x360)

Click for sound

2:38

