[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWx0Y29pbnMvdHJhZGFibGU%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWx0Y29pbnMvdHJhZGFibGU%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

# Buy Most Traded Cryptocurrencies

Stay up-to-date about the most traded cryptocurrencies that are moving the
markets. Track Altcoins that are experiencing the highest liquidity and
trading volumes on Binance.

[Sign up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register)[Have an account? Log in
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWx0Y29pbnMvdHJhZGFibGU=)

## Top Crypto Assets by Market Cap Percentage

This graph shows the percentage breakdown of the top ten cryptocurrencies
relative to the total market capitalization of all assets. Bitcoin (BTC)
retains its position as the leading cryptocurrency by market cap, and its
dominance garners attention from investors. The graph also reveals trends in
altcoin popularity and how their combined market cap compares to BTC and the
broader crypto market.

## Types of Altcoins

Different functionalities and consensus mechanisms can make up an altcoin.
Depending on these variations, altcoins can fall into more than one category.
Here’s a crash course on some of the more important categories:

### Mining-based Altcoins

Mining-based altcoins are cryptocurrencies that utilize a mining process to
validate and add transactions to their respective blockchains. Mining can be
done using a Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus mechanism, depending on the
specific altcoin's design. Popular mine-based altcoins include
[Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin),
[Litecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/litecoin), and Monero.

### Stablecoin

Stablecoins closely track the value of fiat money like the U.S. dollar or
euro. They allow users to cheaply and rapidly transfer value around the world
while maintaining price stability.

### Security tokens

Security tokens are digital assets issued on a blockchain with similarities to
stock market traded securities. Some offer equity in the form of ownership,
dividend payout to holders, or even bonds. Security tokens are generally
launched through Security Token Offerings (STOs) or Initial Exchange Offerings
(IEOs).

### Meme Coins

Meme coins are cryptocurrencies that gain popularity primarily through viral
internet memes and social media, often lacking significant utility or
underlying value beyond their community-driven hype. Leading examples of meme
coins include [DOGE](https://www.binance.com/en/price/dogecoin),
[SHIB](https://www.binance.com/en/price/shiba-inu),
[PEPE](https://www.binance.com/en/price/pepe), WSM, and others.

## Most Traded Cryptocurrencies on Binance Right Now

Track cryptocurrencies with the highest trading volume and liquidity

Do not send any unsupported cryptocurrencies to your Binance account or
attempt to participate in an ICO using your Binance account. Doing so will
result in loss of your cryptocurrency.

[Most Visited](/en/altcoins/most-visited)

[Recently Added](/en/altcoins/new)

[Trending](/en/altcoins/trending)

[Gainers & Losers](/en/altcoins/gainers-losers)

[Top Stablecoin](/en/altcoins/stablecoin)

[Tradable](/en/altcoins/tradable)

Prices will vary according to the country of residency. To view live and
historical price charts please click here
(<https://www.binance.com/en/convert>). A full overview of exact pricing is
available through Binance's trade pages.

## People Also Ask: Questions About Most Traded Cryptocurrencies

What does "most traded" mean in the context of cryptocurrencies?

"Most traded" refers to cryptocurrencies that have the highest trading volumes
over a specific period, typically 24 hours. Trading volume is the total
quantity of a cryptocurrency bought and sold, indicating its liquidity and
investor interest.

What are the most traded cryptocurrencies?

The two most popular cryptos,
[Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin) (BTC) and
[Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum) (ETH) are among the top
ranked cryptocurrencies. Beyond them, there are many other Altcoins that can
be found in the ‘Most Traded Cryptocurrencies’ section on Binance.

Which cryptocurrencies are currently the most traded on Binance?

The most traded cryptocurrencies on Binance are those with the highest trading
volumes, showing significant investor activity. This list can change
frequently based on market dynamics, with popular coins like Bitcoin (BTC),
Ethereum (ETH), and [Binance Coin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bnb) (BNB)
often appearing due to their large user base and market cap.

## Buy Altcoins on Binance: The Best Place to Buy Trending Cryptocurrencies

Wondering where to buy Altcoins? You can purchase BNB and other top altcoins
directly within the Binance app. Discover how to buy altcoins on Binance.

### Buy and sell altcoins with Bank Transfer or P2P

Buy stablecoins listed on Binance via Bank Transfer or P2P
(<https://p2p.binance.com/en>). Then, use these stablecoins to trade for any
trending coin in the market. **

### Discover the world of crypto and blockchain

Start for as little as $1* and learn about cryptocurrency trading with
[Binance Academy](https://academy.binance.com) for beginners.

### Lowest transaction fees

With low transaction fees, up to over 500 cryptocurrencies, and availability
in more than 180 countries, Binance is the best platform to trade altcoins.

*Binance account required. KYC needed. Minimum deposit varies by country/channel.  
Keep in mind that we can't protect you from losses as a result of market
volatility. Be sure to do your research and buy and sell carefully.  
**Buying and selling altcoins with Bank Transfer or P2P is subjected to
availability depending on user's country or region of residence.

## New to Crypto? Download the Binance app to get started

### Scan to Download  
iOS & Android

Download the Binance App and trade your XRP with 150+ cryptocurrencies,
everywhere and anywhere.

[Apple](https://apps.apple.com/hk/app/binance/id1436799971?l=en)[Android
APK](https://ftp.binance.com/pack/Binance.apk)[Google
Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.binance.dev)[Mac
OS](https://ftp.binance.com/electron-
desktop/mac/production/binance.dmg)[Windows](https://ftp.binance.com/electron-
desktop/windows/production/binance-
setup.exe)[Linux](/en/download)[API](https://binance-
docs.github.io/apidocs/spot/en)

## Buy & Sell Altcoins on Binance

You're just three steps away from your first altcoin.

### [Register for an account](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register)###
[Verify your identity](/en/my/settings/profile)### [Buy Altcoins](/en/buy-
sell-crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BNB)

[Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)[Buy
Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)[Buy
Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)[Buy
Litecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/litecoin)[Buy Bitcoin
Cash](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin-cash)[Buy Tether
USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/tether)[Buy
EOS](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/eos)[Buy
BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)[Buy Stellar
Lumens](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/stellar)[Buy
TRON](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/tron)[Buy
Cardano](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/cardano)[Buy
Monero](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/monero)[Buy
ChainLink](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/chainlink)[Buy
NEO](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/neo)[Buy
MIOTA](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/iota)[Buy
Cosmos](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/cosmos)[Buy Ethereum
Classic](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum-classic)[Buy
XEM](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/nem)[Buy
Zcash](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/zcash)[Buy
Ontology](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ontology)[Buy
Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)[Buy DeFi
Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-defi-tokens)[Buy
Polkadot](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/polkadot-new)[Buy
Solana](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/solana)[Buy Shiba
coin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/shiba-inu)[Buy Polygon
(MATIC)](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/polygon)[Buy
Chiliz](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/chiliz)[Buy
Theta](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/theta-network)[Buy GameFi
Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-gamefi-tokens)[Buy
Fantom](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/fantom)[Buy
Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)[Trade Bitcoin
Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/e/bitcoin_futures)[Trade Ether
Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/e/ether_futures)

Cookie Preferences

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

