Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![üìù](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4dd.svg)

Uses of Ethereum are always developing and evolving. Add any info you think
will make things clearer or more up to date. [Edit page(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/defi/index.md)

![üí∏](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4b8.svg)

# Decentralized finance (DeFi)

  * A global, open alternative to the current financial system.
  * Products that let you borrow, save, invest, trade, and more.
  * Based on open-source technology that anyone can program with.

On this page

  * What's DeFi?
  * DeFi vs traditional finance
    * A comparison
  * It started with Bitcoin...
  * Programmable money
  * What can you do with DeFi?
    * Send money around the globe quickly
      * Stream money around the globe...
    * Access stable currencies
    * Borrowing
      * Borrowing with privacy
      * Access to global funds
      * Tax-efficiencies
      * Flash loans
    * Start saving with crypto
      * Lending
      * No-loss lotteries
    * Exchange tokens
    * Advanced trading
    * Grow your portfolio
    * Fund your ideas
      * Quadratic funding
    * Insurance
    * Aggregators and portfolio managers
  * How does DeFi work?
  * Ethereum and DeFi
  * Build DeFi
  * Further reading
    * DeFi data
    * DeFi articles
    * Videos
    * Communities

![An Eth logo made of lego bricks.](/_next/image/?url=%2Fuse-
cases%2Fdefi.png&w=1920&q=75)

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

## On this page

  * What's DeFi?
  * DeFi vs traditional finance
  * It started with Bitcoin...
  * Programmable money
  * What can you do with DeFi?
  * How does DeFi work?
  * Ethereum and DeFi
  * Build DeFi
  * Further reading

DeFi is an open and global financial system built for the internet age ‚Äì an
alternative to a system that's opaque, tightly controlled, and held together
by decades-old infrastructure and processes. It gives you control and
visibility over your money. It gives you exposure to global markets and
alternatives to your local currency or banking options. DeFi products open up
financial services to anyone with an internet connection and they're largely
owned and maintained by their users. So far tens of billions of dollars worth
of crypto has flowed through DeFi applications and it's growing every day.

## What's DeFi?

DeFi is a collective term for financial products and services that are
accessible to anyone who can use Ethereum ‚Äì anyone with an internet
connection. With DeFi, the markets are always open and there are no
centralized authorities who can block payments or deny you access to anything.
Services that were previously slow and at risk of human error are automatic
and safer now that they're handled by code that anyone can inspect and
scrutinize.

There's a booming crypto economy out there, where you can lend, borrow,
long/short, earn interest, and more. Crypto-savvy Argentinians have used DeFi
to escape crippling inflation. Companies have started streaming their
employees their wages in real time. Some folks have even taken out and paid
off loans worth millions of dollars without the need for any personal
identification.

## DeFi vs traditional finance

One of the best ways to see the potential of DeFi is to understand the
problems that exist today.

  * Some people aren't granted access to set up a bank account or use financial services.
  * Lack of access to financial services can prevent people from being employable.
  * Financial services can block you from getting paid.
  * A hidden charge of financial services is your personal data.
  * Governments and centralized institutions can close down markets at will.
  * Trading hours are often limited to business hours of specific time zone.
  * Money transfers can take days due to internal human processes.
  * There's a premium to financial services because intermediary institutions need their cut.

### A comparison

DeFi| Traditional finance  
---|---  
You hold your money.| Your money is held by companies.  
You control where your money goes and how it's spent.| You have to trust
companies not to mismanage your money, like lending to risky borrowers.  
Transfers of funds happen in minutes.| Payments can take days due to manual
processes.  
Transaction activity is pseudonymous.| Financial activity is tightly coupled
with your identity.  
DeFi is open to anyone.| You must apply to use financial services.  
The markets are always open.| Markets close because employees need breaks.  
It's built on transparency ‚Äì anyone can look at a product's data and inspect
how the system works.| Financial institutions are closed books: you can't ask
to see their loan history, a record of their managed assets, and so on.  
  
[Explore DeFi apps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

## It started with Bitcoin...

Bitcoin in many ways was the first DeFi application. Bitcoin lets you really
own and control value and send it anywhere around the world. It does this by
providing a way for a large number of people, who don't trust each other, to
agree on a ledger of accounts without the need for a trusted intermediary.
Bitcoin is open to anyone and no one has the authority to change its rules.
Bitcoin's rules, like its scarcity and its openness, are written into the
technology. It's not like traditional finance where governments can print
money that devalues your savings and companies can shut down markets.

Ethereum builds on this. Like Bitcoin, the rules can't change on you and
everyone has access. But it also makes this digital money programmable, using
_smart contracts_ , so you can go beyond storing and sending value.

## Programmable money

This sounds odd... "why would I want to program my money"? However, this is
more just a default feature of tokens on Ethereum. Anyone can program logic
into payments. So you can get the control and security of Bitcoin mixed with
the services provided by financial institutions. This lets you do things with
cryptocurrencies that you can't do with Bitcoin like lending and borrowing,
scheduling payments, investing in index funds and more.

![üëÄ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f440.svg)

Explore our suggestions for DeFi applications to try out if you're new to
Ethereum.

[Explore DeFi apps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

## What can you do with DeFi?

There's a decentralized alternative to most financial services. But Ethereum
also creates opportunities for creating financial products that are completely
new. This is an ever-growing list.

  * Send money around the globe
  * Stream money around the globe
  * Access stable currencies
  * Borrow funds with collateral
  * Borrow without collateral
  * Start crypto savings
  * Trade tokens
  * Grow your portfolio
  * Fund your ideas
  * Buy insurance
  * Manage your portfolio

### Send money around the globe quickly

As a blockchain, Ethereum is designed for sending transactions in a secure and
global way. Like Bitcoin, Ethereum makes sending money around the world as
easy as sending an email. Just enter your recipient's _ENS name_ (like
bob.eth) or their account address from your wallet and your payment will go
directly to them in minutes (usually). To send or receive payments, you will
need a [wallet](/en/wallets/).

[See payment dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

#### Stream money around the globe...

You can also stream money over Ethereum. This lets you pay someone their
salary by the second, giving them access to their money whenever they need it.
Or rent something by the second like a storage locker or electric scooter.

And if you don't want to send or stream _ETH_ because of how much its value
can change, there are alternative currencies on Ethereum: _stablecoins_.

### Access stable currencies

Cryptocurrency volatility is a problem for lots of financial products and
general spending. The DeFi community has solved this with stablecoins. Their
value stays pegged to an another asset, usually a popular currency like
dollars.

Coins like Dai or USDC have a value that stays within a few cents of a dollar.
This makes them perfect for earning or retail. Many people in Latin America
have used stablecoins as a way of protecting their savings in a time of great
uncertainty with their government-issued currencies.

[More on stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)

### Borrowing

Borrowing money from decentralized providers comes in two main varieties.

  * Peer-to-peer, meaning a borrower will borrow directly from a specific lender.
  * Pool-based where lenders provide funds (liquidity) to a pool that borrowers can borrow from.

[See borrowing dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

There are many advantages to using a decentralized lender...

#### Borrowing with privacy

Today, lending and borrowing money all revolves around the individuals
involved. Banks need to know whether you're likely to repay a loan before
lending.

Decentralized lending works without either party having to identify
themselves. Instead, the borrower must put up collateral that the lender will
automatically receive if their loan is not repaid. Some lenders even accept
_NFTs_ as collateral. NFTs are a deed to a unique asset, like a painting.
[More on NFTs](/en/nft/)

This allows you to borrow money without credit checks or handing over private
information.

#### Access to global funds

When you use a decentralized lender you have access to funds deposited from
all over the globe, not just the funds in the custody of your chosen bank or
institution. This make loans more accessible and improves the interest rates.

#### Tax-efficiencies

Borrowing can give you access to the funds you need without needing to sell
your ETH (a taxable event). Instead, you can use ETH as collateral for a
stablecoin loan. This gives you the cash-flow you need and lets you keep your
ETH. Stablecoins are tokens that are much better for when you need cash as
they don't fluctuate in value like ETH. More on stablecoins

#### Flash loans

Flash loans are a more experimental form of decentralized lending that let you
borrow without collateral or providing any personal information.

They're not widely accessible to non-technical folks right now but they hint
at what might be possible to everyone in the future.

It works on the basis that the loan is taken out and paid back within the same
transaction. If it can't be paid back, the transaction reverts as if nothing
ever happened.

The funds that are often used are held in liquidity pools (big pools of funds
used for borrowing). If they are not being used at a given moment, this
creates an opportunity for someone to borrow these funds, conduct business
with them, and repay them in-full quite literally at the same time they're
borrowed.

This means a lot of logic must be included in a very bespoke transaction. A
simple example might be someone using a flash loan to borrow as much of an
asset at one price so they can sell it on a different exchange where the price
is higher.

So in a single transaction, the following happens:

  * You borrow X amount of $asset at $1.00 from exchange A
  * You sell X $asset on exchange B for $1.10
  * You pay back loan to exchange A
  * You keep the profit minus the transaction fee

If exchange B's supply dropped suddenly and the user wasn't able to buy enough
to cover the original loan, the transaction would simply fail.

To be able to do the above example in the traditional finance world, you'd
need an enormous amount of money. These money-making strategies are only
accessible to those with existing wealth. Flash loans are an example of a
future where having money is not necessarily a prerequisite for making money.

[More on flash loans(opens in a new tab)](https://aave.com/flash-loans/)

### Start saving with crypto

#### Lending

You can earn interest on your crypto by lending it and see your funds grow in
real time. Right now interest rates are much higher than what you're likely to
get at your local bank (if you're lucky enough to be able to access one).
Here's an example:

  * You lend your 100 Dai, a [stablecoin](/en/stablecoins/), to a product like Aave.
  * You receive 100 Aave Dai (aDai) which is a token that represents your loaned Dai.
  * Your aDai will increase based on the interest rates and you can see your balance growing in your wallet. Dependent on the _APR_ , your wallet balance will read something like 100.1234 after a few days or even hours!
  * You can withdraw an amount of regular Dai that's equal to your aDai balance at any time.

[See lending dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

#### No-loss lotteries

No-loss lotteries like PoolTogether are a fun and innovative new way to save
money.

  * You buy 100 tickets using 100 Dai tokens.
  * You receive 100 plDai representing your 100 tickets.
  * If one of your tickets is picked as the winner, your plDai balance will increase by the amount of the prize pool.
  * If you don't win, your 100 plDai rolls over to next week's draw.
  * You can withdraw an amount of regular Dai that's equal to your plDai balance at any time.

The prize pool is generated by all the interest generated by lending the
ticket deposits like in the lending example above.

[Try PoolTogether(opens in a new tab)](https://pooltogether.com)

### Exchange tokens

There are thousands of tokens on Ethereum. Decentralized exchanges (DEXs) let
you trade different tokens whenever you want. You never give up control of
your assets. This is like using a currency exchange when visiting a different
country. But the DeFi version never closes. The markets are 24/7, 365 days a
year and the technology guarantees there will always be someone to accept a
trade.

For example, if you want to use the no-loss lottery PoolTogether (described
above), you'll need a token like Dai or USDC. These DEXs allow you to swap
your ETH for those tokens and back again when you're finished.

[See token exchanges](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

### Advanced trading

There are more advanced options for traders who like a little more control.
Limit orders, perpetuals, margin trading and more are all possible. With
Decentralized trading you get access to global liquidity, the market never
closes, and you're always in control of your assets.

When you use a centralized exchange you have to deposit your assets before the
trade and trust them to look after them. While your assets are deposited,
they're at risk as centralized exchanges are attractive targets for hackers.

[See trading dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

### Grow your portfolio

There are fund management products on Ethereum that will try to grow your
portfolio based on a strategy of your choice. This is automatic, open to
everyone, and doesn't need a human manager taking a cut of your profits.

A good example is the [DeFi Pulse Index fund (DPI)(opens in a new
tab)](https://defipulse.com/blog/defi-pulse-index/). This is a fund that
rebalances automatically to ensure your portfolio always includes the top DeFi
tokens by market capitalization. You never have to manage any of the details
and you can withdraw from the fund whenever you like.

[See investment dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

### Fund your ideas

Ethereum is an ideal platform for crowdfunding:

  * Potential funders can come from anywhere ‚Äì Ethereum and its tokens are open to anybody, anywhere in the world.
  * It's transparent so fundraisers can prove how much money has been raised. You can even trace how funds are being spent later down the line.
  * Fundraisers can set up automatic refunds if, for example, there is a specific deadline and minimum amount that isn't met.

[See crowdfunding dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

#### Quadratic funding

Ethereum is open source software and a lot of the work so far has been funded
by the community. This has led to the growth of an interesting new fundraising
model: quadratic funding. This has the potential to improve the way we fund
all types of public goods in the future.

Quadratic funding makes sure that the projects that receive the most funding
are those with the most unique demand. In other words, projects that stand to
improve the lives of the most people. Here's how it works:

  1. There is a matching pool of funds donated.
  2. A round of public funding starts.
  3. People can signal their demand for a project by donating some money.
  4. Once the round is over, the matching pool is distributed to projects. Those with the most unique demand get the highest amount from the matching pool.

This means Project A with its 100 donations of 1 dollar could end up with more
funding than Project B with a single donation of 10,000 dollars (dependent on
the size of the matching pool).

[More on quadratic funding(opens in a new tab)](https://wtfisqf.com)

### Insurance

Decentralized insurance aims to make insurance cheaper, faster to pay out, and
more transparent. With more automation, coverage is more affordable and pay-
outs are a lot quicker. The data used to decide on your claim is completely
transparent.

Ethereum products, like any software, can suffer from bugs and exploits. So
right now a lot of insurance products in the space focus on protecting their
users against loss of funds. However, there are projects starting to build out
coverage for everything life can throw at us. A good example of this is
Etherisc's Crop cover which aims to [protect smallholder farmers in Kenya
against droughts and flooding(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.etherisc.com/etherisc-teams-up-with-chainlink-to-deliver-
crop-insurance-in-kenya-137e433c29dc). Decentralized insurance can provide
cheaper cover for farmers who are often priced out of traditional insurance.

[See insurance dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

### Aggregators and portfolio managers

With so much going on, you'll need a way to keep track of all your
investments, loans, and trades. There are a host of products that let you
coordinate all your DeFi activity from one place. This is the beauty of DeFi's
open architecture. Teams can build out interfaces where you can't just see
your balances across products, you can use their features too. You might find
this useful as you explore more of DeFi.

[See portfolio dapps](/en/dapps/?category=finance#explore)

## How does DeFi work?

DeFi uses cryptocurrencies and smart contracts to provide services that don't
need intermediaries. In today's financial world, financial institutions act as
guarantors of transactions. This gives these institutions immense power
because your money flows through them. Plus billions of people around the
world can't even access a bank account.

In DeFi, a smart contract replaces the financial institution in the
transaction. A smart contract is a type of Ethereum account that can hold
funds and can send/refund them based on certain conditions. No one can alter
that smart contract when it's live ‚Äì it will always run as programmed.

A contract that's designed to hand out an allowance or pocket money could be
programmed to send money from Account A to Account B every Friday. And it will
only ever do that as long as Account A has the required funds. No one can
change the contract and add Account C as a recipient to steal funds.

Contracts are also public for anyone to inspect and audit. This means bad
contracts will often come under community scrutiny pretty quickly.

This does mean there's currently a need to trust the more technical members of
the Ethereum community who can read code. The open-source based community
helps keep developers in check, but this need will diminish over time as smart
contracts become easier to read and other ways to prove trustworthiness of
code are developed.

## Ethereum and DeFi

Ethereum is the perfect foundation for DeFi for a number of reasons:

  * No one owns Ethereum or the smart contracts that live on it ‚Äì this gives everyone an opportunity to use DeFi. This also means no one can change the rules on you.
  * DeFi products all speak the same language behind the scenes: Ethereum. This means many of the products work together seamlessly. You can lend tokens on one platform and exchange the interest-bearing token in a different market on an entirely different application. This is like being able to cash loyalty points in at your bank.
  * Tokens and cryptocurrency are built into Ethereum, a shared ledger ‚Äì keeping track of transactions and ownership is kinda Ethereum's thing.
  * Ethereum allows complete financial freedom ‚Äì most products will never take custody of your funds, leaving you in control.

You can think of DeFi in layers:

  1. The blockchain ‚Äì Ethereum contains the transaction history and state of accounts.
  2. The assets ‚Äì [ETH](/en/eth/) and the other tokens (currencies).
  3. The protocols ‚Äì _smart contracts_ that provide the functionality, for example, a service that allows for decentralized lending of assets.
  4. [The applications](/en/dapps/) ‚Äì the products we use to manage and access the protocols.

Note: much of DeFi uses the _ERC-20 standard_. Applications in DeFi use a
wrapper for ETH called Wrapped Ether (WETH). [Learn more about wrapped
ether](/en/wrapped-eth/).

## Build DeFi

DeFi is an open-source movement. The DeFi protocols and applications are all
open for you to inspect, fork, and innovate on. Because of this layered stack
(they all share the same base blockchain and assets), protocols can be mixed
and matched to unlock unique combo opportunities.

[More on building dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

## Further reading

### DeFi data

  * [DeFi Prime(opens in a new tab)](https://defiprime.com/)
  * [DeFi Llama(opens in a new tab)](https://defillama.com/)

### DeFi articles

  * [A beginner's guide to DeFi(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.coinbase.com/a-beginners-guide-to-decentralized-finance-defi-574c68ff43c4) ‚Äì _Sid Coelho-Prabhu, January 6, 2020_

### Videos

  * [Finematics - decentralized finance education(opens in a new tab)](https://finematics.com/) ‚Äì _Videos on DeFi_
  * [The Defiant(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLaDcID4s1KronHMKojfjwiHL0DdQEPDcq) \- _DeFi basics: Everything you need to know to get started in this occasionally baffling space._
  * [Whiteboard Crypto(opens in a new tab)](https://youtu.be/17QRFlml4pA) _What is DeFi?_

### Communities

  * [DeFi Llama Discord server(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.defillama.com/)
  * [DeFi Pulse Discord server(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/Gx4TCTk)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### Ethereum Name Service (ENS)

Ethereum Name Service is like an internet phonebook for Ethereum addresses.
Instead of using long wallet addresses, ENS lets you use simple names like
"john.eth" to send and receive digital money and assets.

### Ether

The native cryptocurrency of Ethereum, commonly referred to as ‚ÄúETH‚Äù. It is
used to cover transaction fees when using Ethereum ecosystem and applications.
[More on ether](/en/eth/).

### Stablecoin

A stablecoin is a type of cryptocurrency designed to have a stable value,
often pegged to a currency or commodity (like US dollar), to minimize price
volatility. [More on stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/).

### Non-fungible token (NFT)

Non-fungible-token (NFT ) is a unique digital item you can own, like art or
collectibles, verified by blockchain technology. [More on Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/).

### APR

APR, or Annual Percentage Rate, reflects the yearly cost of borrowing money,
including interest and fees, as a percentage.

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### ERC-20

Is the standard set of rules that most tokens on Ethereum network are created
with.

