[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2ludHJvZHVjaW5nLWJpbmFuY2UtZnV0dXJlcy1uZXh0LWVhcm4tcmV3YXJkcy1ieS1wcmVkaWN0aW5nLXRoZS1uZXh0LWJpZy10b2tlbi03NzYwMTM3MDY2ODYwNDQ4MzY1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2ludHJvZHVjaW5nLWJpbmFuY2UtZnV0dXJlcy1uZXh0LWVhcm4tcmV3YXJkcy1ieS1wcmVkaWN0aW5nLXRoZS1uZXh0LWJpZy10b2tlbi03NzYwMTM3MDY2ODYwNDQ4MzY1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Introducing Binance Futures NEXT: Earn Rewards by Predicting the Next Big
Token

2024-03-07

## Main Takeaways

  * Futures NEXT offers rewards for correctly predicting which tokens will be listed next on the Binance Futures USDⓈ-M market.

  * Use ‘Picks’ to predict upcoming token listings in the ‘NEXT Pool’ and nominate new tokens to the ‘NEXT Pool’ for everyone to pick!

  * Dive into Futures NEXT to share your view on Binance’s potential future USDⓈ-M listings, leverage your market insights, and earn through the precision of your predictions.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240307/8c556461-bdbc-4fc3-a5ce-e359bfa86957)

Introducing Futures NEXT — the latest addition to the Binance ecosystem. With
a fresh approach to exploring potential listings, it allows anyone with access
to Binance Futures to make predictions on which tokens might be listed next on
the [_Binance Futures USDⓈ-M
market_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-are-
usd%E2%93%A2-margined-futures-and-coin-margined-
futures-85eac2bba0b342819122dc9bd4745e9b) , and then be rewarded for their
accurate insights.

This new feature not only rewards users who accurately anticipate market
trends, but also strengthens the bond between Binance and our community by
offering an avenue to express market insights. Read on to learn how you can
leverage your market knowledge, and profit from your predictions.

## How does Futures NEXT Work?

Futures NEXT introduces a range of features designed to engage Futures users
in a new way. Here, you’ll find how to participate in our prediction pool, and
potentially earn rewards for your insights. Let’s dive in.

### Predict and Earn

At the heart of the Futures NEXT experience is a dynamic and engaging
prediction pool. Here, participants can use ‘Picks’ to cast their prediction
for which tokens in the pool they think will be listed next on the Binance
Futures [_USDⓈ-M market_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-are-
usd%E2%93%A2-margined-futures-and-coin-margined-
futures-85eac2bba0b342819122dc9bd4745e9b).

Each Pick represents a count for a token and you can acquire 1 Pick with 1
USDT (with a limit of 100 Picks per user). Users with a good understanding of
market trends and token potential can leverage their knowledge to predict
future listings. Successful predictions are then rewarded!

### Rewards System

The excitement of Futures NEXT is amplified by its rewards system. Users who
successfully predict tokens that are then listed receive rewards in the form
of futures trading vouchers. These rewards are enhanced by a multiplier —
initially set at 1.2x. Rewards include [_Futures Bonus
Vouchers_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-redeem-futures-bonus-
voucher-b8241d4ac5494573adaf85e0557c63ec) for new users to jump-start their
journey and [_Futures Trading Fee Rebate
Vouchers_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-redeem-trading-fee-
rebate-voucher-and-platform-fee-rebate-
voucher-850671e05bb74848bf8fc4466279dda8) for existing users, providing added
benefits to their overall experience.

### Nomination Process

Futures NEXT empowers its users further by allowing them to nominate tokens to
be in the NEXT Pool, so that others can then pick it for prediction.

If a user believes in the potential of a token, but it’s currently not in the
Futures NEXT pool, they can nominate it with a Nomination Seed of 2,000 USDT.

If the nomination is successful, your Nomination Seed transforms into Picks
for the nominated token, with a 30-day Lock-in Period. After this period, you
may withdraw them as USDT, provided the token hasn’t been listed.

Please note: should your token nomination not be successful, the entire
Nomination Seed of 2,000 USDT will be refunded to your Futures Account.

### Flexibility

Futures NEXT offers a unique, stress-free environment for users to participate
in token predictions. Users can always withdraw their picks and convert them
back to USDT after a Lock-in Period, ensuring that you can engage in the
excitement of predicting future listings without the fear and stress of
potential losses. This model encourages broader participation, inviting users
to test their market predictions with greater confidence.

### Community Engagement

Futures NEXT also aligns Binance more closely with its community. Users have
the freedom to nominate any token, a process that keeps Binance responsive to
new trends and interests, thereby strengthening community involvement.
However, while user input is crucial, please note that it doesn’t guarantee a
listing. Ultimately, Futures NEXT aims to create a more interactive,
rewarding, and insightful experience for the whole community, encouraging
greater participation and engagement along the way.

## How to Get Started with Futures NEXT

Engaging with Futures NEXT is a straightforward process designed to be
accessible for users of all levels of experience with Binance. Here’s a simple
step-by-step guide:

### 1 / Acquiring Picks

**Explore the NEXT Pool:** The NEXT Pool displays all the tokens currently
available for prediction. Review the contenders. Which tokens do you believe
will be listed next?

**Acquire Picks:** Decide on the token(s) you predict will be listed next.
Acquire Picks at 1 USDT each. You can have as many as 100 Picks in total (and
allocate them to a maximum of 3 tokens simultaneously).

### 2 / Nominating Tokens

**Nominate a Token:** If your preferred token isn’t in the NEXT Pool, nominate
it with a Nomination Seed of 2,000 USDT. This step requires you to input your
token of choice via the “search and nominate” function, and submit it for
review.

**Wait for Approval:** Your nomination will undergo a review process. If
approved, the token will be added to the NEXT Pool, and the Nomination Seed
converted into Picks tied to your nominated token, allowing others to predict
its listing as well (those Picks will be locked for 30 days). If rejected, the
entire Nomination Seed will be refunded.

### 3 / Managing Picks & Rewards

**Withdraw or Reallocate Picks:** If you change your mind, you can retract
your Picks after a 3-day lock-in period to convert them back in to USDT on
your futures account, or reallocate them to other tokens in the pool.

**Claim Rewards** : Successfully predicting a token listing or having your
nominated token listed results in rewards. Follow the instructions provided to
claim your vouchers.

### 4 / Stay Engaged

**Referral Activities:** Boost your involvement by leveraging our referral
incentives. For every pick your referrals make, you get an additional pick
yourself — so if someone you referred acquires 20 Picks, you’ll receive 20
Picks as a bonus. Please note that this won’t be immediately available at
launch, but will be made available at a later stage.

**The Leaderboard:** Additionally, immerse yourself in our community through
the Futures NEXT leaderboard. This highlights the top predictors and
referrers. It’s not just about the rewards; it’s about recognition and the
thrill of competition!

## Embrace Binance Futures and What’s Coming Next

Futures NEXT is more than just a feature; it’s a platform designed to engage,
reward, and empower the community. By participating, you’re not only testing
your market knowledge, but also contributing to the vibrancy of the ecosystem.

Whether you’re making predictions, nominating tokens, or simply exploring the
possibilities, Futures NEXT offers a unique opportunity. Are you ready to
explore the future of token prediction and earn rewards for your insights?

Simply log in to your Binance Futures account, or register one if not already
done, and navigate to the Futures NEXT section to get started. Don’t have a
futures account yet? Join the Binance community today and begin your journey.
Predict, participate, and prosper!

## Further Reading

  * [ _The Ultimate Guide to Trading on Binance Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/the-ultimate-guide-to-trading-on-binance-futures-8534557745009080271)  

  * [_Introducing Futures NEXT: Predict Token Listings and Earn on USDⓈ-M Futures Market_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/265b425e3a964f6bb585bd8520b91072)

  * [ _How to Use the Crypto Futures Market Page on Binance_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/how-to-use-the-crypto-futures-market-page-on-binance-5356979487504248448)

  * [ _What Are USDⓈ-Margined Futures and COIN-Margined Futures?_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-are-usd%E2%93%A2-margined-futures-and-coin-margined-futures-85eac2bba0b342819122dc9bd4745e9b)

_**Disclaimer:**__Users are unable to withdraw and convert their Picks and
Nomination Seeds back to USDT during the specified Lock-in Period. This could
mean the funds remain illiquid until the end of this period.   Binance has the
sole discretion to choose tokens for listing based on its internal standards
and is under no obligation to be influenced by users' predictions and
nominations. Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur and does not
provide financial advice. For more information, see our _[__Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,048,147 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Introducing Binance Futures NEXT: Earn Rewards by Predicting the Next Big
Token

Main Takeaways

How does Futures NEXT Work?

How to Get Started with Futures NEXT

Embrace Binance Futures and What’s Coming Next

Further Reading

195,048,147 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

