Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Universal Banks

# Satisfy demand for **new asset classes**

Expand your business model by providing access to digital asset classes,
whether you serve individuals or institutions.

Metaco Harmonize

## Capitalize on **the power of digital assets**

Launch products and services based on use cases that range from traditional
assets with crypto underlyings, to investments in non-fungible tokens and
access to the metaverse.

[Learn more about the platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/
"Learn more about the platform")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/web3-and-
staking-1280x1280.png?x88149)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/private-banks-universal-
banks-1280x1280.png?x88149)

  * ### **Offer cryptocurrency and digital asset services**

Create a safe and compliant environment for retail and institutional customers
to custody, trade, transfer, borrow or lend digital currencies and assets,
straight from their banking wallets.

  * ### **Create structured products with crypto underlyings**

Offer retail or OTC structured notes with single, or basket of, cryptos as
underlying asset, or create alternative investment funds or hedging products
such as derivatives, futures, NDFs.

  * ### **Tokenize traditional financial assets or real-world assets**

Create and service digital representations of securities such as equities and
bonds. Tokenize non-fungible real-world assets such as real estate, music,
art, luxury collectibles and jewelry.

[Learn more about tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/
"Learn more about tokenization")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/marcel-fleisch-vp-bank.png?x88149)

1/2

 ____

Testimonials

“By **partnering with Metaco** to offer a secure and scalable platform to
tokenize and custody all types of financial, digital and real-world assets, we
take a new major step towards building VP Bank’s foundation of the future. We
enjoyed a really excellent cooperation during the project, which delivered a
highly automated, secure and fully integrated solution, an industry standard
that guarantees us stability and lays the foundation for us to be able to
continue developing successfully for our customers.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/vp-bank-logo.png?x88149)

Marcel Fleisch

Chief Product Officer at VP Bank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/vp-bank-digital-asset-
custody-tokenization/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/henry-aguda-640x480.jpg?x88149)

2/2

 ____

Testimonials

“UnionBank’s collaboration with **its strategic partner Metaco** has been
critical in the bank’s pursuit of realizing its vision of delivering superior,
customer-centric services to the Philippine market. We are proud to continue
UnionBank’s series of industry firsts, this time being the first regulated
bank in the country allowing digital currency exchange feature for clients.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/unionbank-philippines-
logooo.png?x88149)

Henry Aguda

CTO & COO at UnionBank Philippines

[Read press release](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/unionbank-goes-live-
on-metaco-harmonize-to-launch-cryptocurrency-services/ "Read press release")

## **Build and launch** your digital asset business

Find out how other leading retail, private and corporate banks are using
Metaco Harmonize to unlock the digital asset economy.

[Ask us how](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Ask us how")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

