  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Bitcoin Layer 2s: Explained](/blog/bitcoin-layer-2s-explained)

##### Blockchain

# Bitcoin Layer 2s: Explained

Published on: Apr 25, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Bitcoin Layer 2s?**
  * **How do Bitcoin Layer 2s Work?**
  * **Why are Bitcoin Layer 2s Important?**
  * **Examples of Bitcoin Layer 2 Protocols**
  * **How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Discover Bitcoin Layer 2 solutions. Learn how they boost scalability,
security, and efficiency for faster, cheaper transactions.

![Bitcoin Layer 2s: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_3f6a30d5c5.png&w=3840&q=75)

As [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) continues to assert its
dominance in the crypto world, the need for innovative solutions to address
its inherent limitations has become apparent. Scalability issues have emerged
within the Bitcoin network. These are characterized by high transaction fees,
network congestion, and sluggish transaction speeds.

Enter Bitcoin Layer 2 protocols, a groundbreaking approach to enhancing the
functionality of the Bitcoin network. In this article, we delve into the world
of Layer 2 solutions, exploring their significance in the Bitcoin ecosystem.
We further highlight prominent examples and the role they play in the future
of decentralized finance.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Bitcoin Layer 2s in more detail, remember that you can buy,
sell, receive and store Bitcoin using a secure
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-web3) [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), such as Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install
the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![btc-layer2s-explained-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_3_dad6e23690.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What are Bitcoin Layer 2s?

Bitcoin [Layer 2 solutions](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-lightning-
network-explained) are protocols built alongside the Bitcoin network. Bitcoin
Layer 2 solutions are created to address the scalability issues faced by the
Bitcoin blockchain.

[Layer 2 protocols](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-lightning-network-
explained) are off-chain solutions designed to operate alongside the Bitcoin
blockchain. Unlike on-chain transactions, which are directly recorded on the
blockchain, Layer 2s facilitate transactions that occur off-chain. [Bitcoin
Layer 2](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-lightning-network-explained)
protocols operate independently, but in conjunction with the main Bitcoin
network.

By processing transactions off-chain,
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/when-is-the-bitcoin-halving) Layer 2
protocols can improve throughput and reduce transaction fees. This makes
Bitcoin transactions faster and more cost-effective. Layer 2 solutions
maintain the core principles of security and decentralization that are
inherent to the Bitcoin network, ensuring that transactions remain trustless
and resistant to censorship or manipulation.

## How do Bitcoin Layer 2s Work?

Understanding how Layer 2 protocols function requires examining three key
aspects:

### Off-chain Transactions

Unlike traditional Bitcoin transactions that are broadcast and validated by
the entire network, Layer 2 protocols facilitate transactions outside of the
main blockchain. This reduces the load on the main chain, leading to faster
processing times and lower fees. Participants in a Layer 2 transaction
interact with each other, following the rules of the specific protocol they're
using.

### Settlement on the Main Chain

While transactions occur off-chain, Layer 2 protocols ensure security and
finality by periodically settling them on the Bitcoin blockchain. This
settlement process often involves recording the final state of the Layer 2
transactions on the main chain. Think of it like a final receipt submitted to
the main ledger after a series of smaller transactions occur off-chain. This
leverages the proven security mechanisms of Bitcoin, such as Proof-of-Work, to
guarantee the immutability and finality of Layer 2 transactions.

### Network Interoperability

A crucial advantage of Layer 2 solutions is that they are designed to
integrate with the Bitcoin network. They integrate with the main chain,
allowing users to move their funds between Layer 1 and Layer 2. This ensures
that Layer 2 solutions benefit from the security and decentralization that
underpin the Bitcoin blockchain, while offering enhanced scalability and
efficiency for everyday transactions and new functionalities.

## Why are Bitcoin Layer 2s Important?

Bitcoin Layer 2 protocols are crucial for the future of Bitcoin because they
address its core limitations – scalability and functionality. Here's how they
bring value to the Bitcoin ecosystem:

### Increased Scalability

The Bitcoin network can only process a limited number of transactions per
second. Layer 2 solutions alleviate congestion on the Bitcoin blockchain by
processing transactions off-chain. This enhances scalability, enabling more
transactions to be processed, without compromising network performance. This
translates to:

  * **Faster transaction speeds:** Transactions are confirmed much quicker on Layer 2, enabling near-instantaneous processing for everyday use cases.

  * **Lower transaction fees:** With less competition for block space on the main chain, fees associated with Layer 2 transactions are usually lower.

### Enhanced Functionality

Bitcoin itself offers limited programmability. Layer 2 solutions open doors
for exciting new functionalities, including:

  * **Smart contracts:** Certain Layer 2 protocols, like Stacks, enable smart contracts on Bitcoin, paving the way for innovative applications and DeFi integration.

  * **Confidentiality:** Some Layer 2 solutions, like Liquid Network, offer features like confidential transactions, allowing users to control the visibility of transaction details.

  * **Asset issuance:** Layer 2 solutions can facilitate the creation and management of new assets (tokens) on top of the Bitcoin blockchain.

### Maintains Core Strengths

Bitcoin Layer 2 solutions are designed to work in conjunction with the Bitcoin
network, not replace it. They leverage the security and decentralization of
the Bitcoin blockchain for final settlements, while offering improved
efficiency for everyday transactions.

## Examples of Bitcoin Layer 2 Protocols

### The Lightning Network

The Lightning Network stands as one of the most recognized Layer 2 solutions
tailored for Bitcoin. By leveraging bi-directional payment channels, it
facilitates instantaneous and high-volume transactions. Participants can
engage in transactions with each other off-chain, alleviating the strain on
the main Bitcoin blockchain. This off-chain approach enhances scalability and
efficiency within the Bitcoin ecosystem.

### Stacks (STX)

Stacks (STX) introduces a Layer 2 solution integrated with the Bitcoin
blockchain, offering advanced smart contract capabilities. Through the
utilization of smart contracts, Stacks empowers the creation of decentralized
applications (dApps) and tokenization on Bitcoin. By processing transactions
off-chain, Stacks effectively mitigates scalability concerns while reducing
transaction fees, all while upholding the robust security standards of the
Bitcoin network.

![btc-layer2s-explained-5.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_5_6fb989359c.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Rootstock (RSK)

Rootstock (RSK) represents a pioneering smart contract platform built as a
Layer 2 solution on the Bitcoin blockchain. As the first open-source smart
contract platform secured by the Bitcoin network's hash power, RSK expands the
capabilities of Bitcoin by enabling the execution of smart contracts and
decentralized applications (dApps). RSK employs a merge-mining consensus
mechanism, allowing Bitcoin miners to secure both the Bitcoin and RSK
networks. This integration ensures the security and immutability of RSK
transactions while leveraging Bitcoin's robust infrastructure.

Furthermore, RSK introduces the RSK Infrastructure Framework (RIF), providing
a suite of decentralized infrastructure services such as identity management,
data storage, and payment processing. By integrating with RSK, developers can
leverage these services to build scalable and efficient decentralized
applications on top of Bitcoin.

### Liquid Network

The Liquid Network stands as a Layer 2 solution designed to enhance the
functionality of the Bitcoin blockchain. Developed by Blockstream, the Liquid
Network facilitates faster and more confidential transactions among
participants. By utilizing a federated sidechain model, Liquid enables users
to transact Bitcoin and other digital assets quickly and securely.
Additionally, Liquid incorporates features such as confidential transactions,
allowing for enhanced privacy for users. This network is particularly
beneficial for institutions and exchanges seeking to expedite large-volume
transactions while maintaining a high level of security and privacy. Overall,
the Liquid Network contributes to the evolution of Bitcoin's ecosystem,
offering innovative solutions to scalability and privacy challenges.

![btc-layer2s-explained-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_2_1729e9f672.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Merlin Chain (MERL)

[Merlin Chain](https://trustwallet.com/merlin-chain-wallet) is a Layer 2
solution designed to enhance the scalability and functionality of the Bitcoin
blockchain. It incorporates ZK-Rollup networks, decentralized oracle networks,
and fraud proofs to facilitate a more efficient and secure transaction
environment. [MERL](https://trustwallet.com/merlin-chain-wallet), the native
token of Merlin Chain, plays a pivotal role in network security through
staking, acts as a medium for transaction fees, and serves as collateral
within the ecosystem.

![btc-layer2s-explained-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_4_8dcc0b68fd.png&w=3840&q=75)

Developed by Bitmap Tech and led by founder Jeff, a former Web2 entrepreneur
with significant backing from venture capital firms like Sequoia Capital,
Merlin Chain aims to expand Bitcoin's application potential. Bitmap Tech's
focus shifted to the Bitcoin ecosystem in May 2023, influenced by the
opportunities presented by Ordinals and a commitment to advancing Bitcoin’s
Layer 1 capabilities.

## How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

You can buy crypto, including Bitcoin, using Trust Wallet, via our trusted
partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of BTC you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![btc-layer2s-explained-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_1_f45f01e1a1.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

Bitcoin Layer 2 solutions are indispensable in overcoming the scalability
limitations of the Bitcoin network. As demonstrated by Lightning Network,
Stacks (STX), [Merlin](https://trustwallet.com/merlin-chain-wallet) and other
protocols, these solutions offer innovative approaches to enhance transaction
throughput, decrease fees, and improve user experience on the Bitcoin
blockchain.

The significance of Bitcoin Layer 2 solutions cannot be overstated. They
empower Bitcoin to accommodate an expanding array of decentralized
applications (dApps) and use cases, making blockchain technology more
accessible and practical for developers and users.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

