[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvY2VsZWJyYXRlLXdvcmxkLXRvdXJpc20tZGF5LXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmQtMjAyMDUzNTg5ODk5MTQyOTUwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvY2VsZWJyYXRlLXdvcmxkLXRvdXJpc20tZGF5LXdpdGgtYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmQtMjAyMDUzNTg5ODk5MTQyOTUwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Celebrate World Tourism Day With Binance Gift Card

2022-09-27

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Gift Card is a versatile digital gift card that lets you send and receive crypto with zero fees.  

  * The World Tourism Day is celebrated every year on September 27, highlighting the role of tourism as a pillar of development for many countries.

  * You can share the joy of traveling with your friends and family by giving them a World Tourism Day-themed Binance Gift Card.

_Give a loved one our limited-edition World Tourism Day gift card to help fund
a travel experience they will cherish forever!  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220927/a7e84364-2e2d-4387-9502-040801c20197)

The world slowed down when the pandemic struck in 2020, and many industries,
including tourism, took a big hit. Now that the world is opening up for
business again, tourism's relevance has never been clearer. The World Tourism
Day takes place every year on September 27, with a goal to raise global
awareness of how crucial tourism is for the development of many countries. If
you've been putting off that trip you've always wanted to go on, use World
Tourism Day as an opportunity to make plans for your dream vacation. Better
yet, you can contribute to your loved ones’ travel plans by giving them a
World Tourism Day-themed Binance Gift Card so they can travel with crypto in
style.  

## Funding Travel With Crypto Has Never Been This Easy

A versatile and practical gift, a Binance Gift Card lets you instantly send
and receive crypto with zero fees. Giving the gift of crypto is also a more
sustainable alternative to physical gift cards and other single-use items that
might create waste.

With templates featuring famous landmarks from destinations like Paris, Dubai,
and Bali, our limited-edition World Tourism Day gift cards can be kept as
memorabilia even after the crypto has been redeemed. With a few clicks, you
can help kickstart both a crypto journey and a physical one for a friend or
family member. The recipient will love the travel-themed gift and will likely
want to use it as a foundation to fund their dream trip. If they are new to
the world of digital assets, the gift could motivate them to embark on this
new adventure as well. Simply choose from the 270+ cryptocurrencies supported
and send the gift with a few taps on the Binance app.  

## Four Reasons to Use Binance Gift Card: Travel Edition

### A wide range of fiat and cryptocurrencies available

Along with the 270+ cryptocurrencies supported, you can also send fiat
currencies, including INR, IDR, NGN, PHP, RUB, UAH, USD, and VND.

### No geographical boundaries

You can send gift cards to friends and family anytime and anywhere in the
world. Moreover, our 'Redeem to Trust Wallet' function lets non-Binance users
claim gift cards even if they live in a region where Binance doesn't operate.

### Multiple redemption methods

Typically travelers need to exchange currency before they board the flight to
their destination. With Binance Gift Card, recipients can skip long lines at
the bank, extra fees, and the less-than-ideal exchange rates by quickly
converting their gift card value into fiat via Binance P2P with zero fees.

## How Do I Send a Binance Gift Card

1\. Log in to the Binance app.  

2\. Select **[Gift Card]** on your **[Profile]** dashboard and then tap
**[Send]**.

3\. Once you’ve selected your preferred cryptocurrency and amount, you can
customize your gift card by picking a template in our Gift Card Store.

4\. Once you’ve picked on a design and confirmed the amount on the gift card,
tap **[Send]**.

5\. Choose if you want your gift card delivered via email or SMS, and you’re
done!

For more information, check out our step-by-step tutorial on [How to Create
and Send a Gift
Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

## How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?

1\. Log in to the Binance app and select **[Gift Card]** on your **[Profile]**
dashboard.

2\. Tap **[Redeem]**.

3\. Enter the 16 digit code on your gift card and tap **[Redeem]**.

For a detailed step-by-step guide, check out our tutorial on****[How Do I
Redeem a Gift
Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

## Ready To Send a Gift Card?

Binance Gift Cards are versatile gifts with a range of use cases, even when
traveling! They are reliable, practical, and can be customized to add a more
personal touch. [To celebrate the World Tourism
Day](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card), send your first Binance Gift Card
now!

For more information, you can also refer to our helpful links below:

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How do I Refer a Friend with a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

_**Risk disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[terms of
use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[risk
warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,873,244 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Celebrate World Tourism Day With Binance Gift Card

Main Takeaways

Funding Travel With Crypto Has Never Been This Easy

Four Reasons to Use Binance Gift Card: Travel Edition

How Do I Send a Binance Gift Card

How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?

Ready To Send a Gift Card?

194,873,244 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

