  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Polygon Swaps, ZetaChain Support, Cosmos dApps Support, Trust Wallet
SWIFT, and More](/blog/polygon-swaps-zeta-chain-support-cosmos-d-apps-support-
trust-wallet-swift-and-more)

##### Announcements

# Polygon Swaps, ZetaChain Support, Cosmos dApps Support, Trust Wallet SWIFT,
and More

Published on: Feb 20, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Mobile**
  * **Browser Extension**

##### In Brief

Discover Trust Wallet's latest updates.

![Polygon Swaps, ZetaChain Support, Cosmos dApps Support, Trust Wallet SWIFT,
and More](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwide_7_6cca4201b9.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

We're excited to introduce new features and improvements **to the Trust Wallet
mobile and extension experiences**. Here's what's new:

  * ZetaChain support on mobile & extension

  * New Swift Wallet now available on mobile

  * Cosmos dApps support on extension

  * Polygon swaps support on extension

  * New “History” button on extension

Upgrade to the latest version of Trust Wallet by clicking the button below.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

  

## Mobile

### New Chains

_What_ : New blockchain supported:

  * ZetaChain (ZETA)

_Why_ : We aim to provide seamless integration of ZetaChain across our
platforms, ensuring you can easily manage your ZETA tokens.

### Trust Wallet SWIFT

_What:_ We launched Trust Wallet SWIFT, our new Smart Contract Wallet, to
provide users with a simplified and secure Web3 experience.

_Why:_ We're introducing Trust Wallet SWIFT to address common challenges faced
by Web3 beginners and crypto-natives alike. With features like gas fee
abstraction, one-click transactions, and biometric-protected Passkeys, SWIFT
makes Web3 more accessible and secure for our users.

![introducing-tw-swift-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fintroducing_tw_swift_3_7ba0f71d29.png&w=3840&q=75)

To learn more about the new Trust Wallet SWIFT, check out our announcement:
[https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-trust-wallet-
swift](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-trust-wallet-swift)

Try the Swift Beta 👉
[https://short.trustwallet.com/Swift](https://short.trustwallet.com/Swift)

  

## Browser Extension

### Cosmos dApps support

_What_ : Explore a wide range of decentralized applications (dApps) within the
Cosmos ecosystem, now supported on Trust Wallet Extension.

_Why_ : We're expanding our ecosystem by integrating Cosmos dApps support on
our extension, providing our users with access to a broader range of
decentralized applications for enhanced DeFi experiences.

### Polygon swaps support

_What_ : Enjoy enhanced token swapping functionalities on Trust Wallet
Extension, now supporting Polygon network swaps.

_Why_ : This addition aims to enrich your DeFi experience by offering more
diversified swap options, providing greater flexibility while ensuring
seamless token swaps.

![Group 48097893 \(1\).png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_48097893_1_ab5ffbe847.png&w=3840&q=75)

### New chains support on Extension

_What_ : New blockchain supported:

  * ZetaChain (ZETA)

_Why_ : We aim to provide seamless integration of ZetaChain across our
platforms, ensuring you can easily manage your ZETA tokens.

### New “History” button

_What_ : Discover the new "History" button within Trust Wallet Extension,
simplifying transaction tracking and management.

_Why_ : We've implemented this feature to enhance your user experience and
transparency by providing convenient access to transaction history directly
within Trust Wallet Extension, so you can easily monitor and manage your past
transactions.

![Group 48097893 \(2\).png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_48097893_2_a2ebbdcd4c.png&w=3840&q=75)

  

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

