  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [The History of Bitcoin
Bull Runs](/blog/the-history-of-bitcoin-bull-runs)

##### Cryptocurrency

# The History of Bitcoin Bull Runs

Published on: Feb 29, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Early Days: 2010**
  * **The 2013 Peaks**
  * **Mainstream Breakthrough: 2017**
  * **Institutional Adoption: 2020-2021**
  * **The 2024 Surge: Bitcoin ETF and Pre-Halving Excitement**

##### In Brief

Dive into the history of Bitcoin bull runs, from its early days to the
unprecedented surge before the 2024 halving.

![The History of Bitcoin Bull Runs](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_bullrun_history_de754c4c9f.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

Bitcoin, the first and most popular cryptocurrency, has experienced several
bull runs since its inception. Each bull run has been unique, reflecting the
evolving landscape of blockchain technology, regulatory changes, and shifts in
investor sentiment. This blog explores each significant bull run, culminating
in the unique circumstances surrounding the 2024 surge as we approach another
halving event.

Before we dive in, remember you can use a secure crypto wallet such as Trust
Wallet, manage, as well as top-up, and [swap
Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) (BTC) for crypto and fiat via
our trusted partners.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## The Early Days: 2010

The first significant price increase for Bitcoin occurred in 2010 when it
moved from being worth fractions of a penny to $0.08 by July. This period
marked Bitcoin's introduction to the financial world, albeit on a small scale.
The community was small, and the technology was in its infancy, but the seeds
of future growth were planted.

This year was pivotal, not just for the valuation surge but for the
establishment of Bitcoin's foundational infrastructure. The launch of the
first [Bitcoin
exchange](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp&gl=US),
allowing people to trade Bitcoin for fiat currencies, and the first commercial
transaction, famously paying 10,000 Bitcoins for two pizzas, demonstrated the
cryptocurrency's potential as a medium of exchange. These milestones were
critical in transitioning Bitcoin from a concept to a functional, albeit
niche, currency.

The enthusiasm and participation in the
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) network saw a marked
increase, setting the stage for the development of a robust ecosystem. The
growth in user adoption and the establishment of Bitcoin as a viable digital
asset laid the groundwork for the future surges and the expanding
cryptocurrency landscape.

## The 2013 Peaks

In 2013, Bitcoin experienced two significant price spikes, first reaching $260
in April, then soaring to $1,100 by November, marking its ascent into the
public and financial spotlight. This year was pivotal for Bitcoin, seeing
increased media coverage and the maturation of its supporting infrastructure,
like exchanges and wallets, which simplified trading and storage for users.
The Cyprus financial crisis underscored Bitcoin's appeal as a safe haven
asset, attracting attention in financially unstable regions.

However, the year also faced challenges, notably the collapse of Mt. Gox,
highlighting the risks within the cryptocurrency space. Despite this,
Bitcoin's recovery demonstrated its resilience and growing acceptance as a
decentralized currency, laying a foundation for future growth and adoption.

The 2013 rallies underscored Bitcoin's volatile appeal, attracting a broader
audience intrigued by its potential as a new form of money. This year set the
stage for Bitcoin's evolving market dynamics, characterized by cycles of rapid
growth and corrections, shaping its development into the mature ecosystem
observed today.

## Mainstream Breakthrough: 2017

The 2017 bull run is arguably the most memorable for many people, with
Bitcoin's price skyrocketing from around $1,000 in January to an all-time high
of nearly $20,000 by December. This surge was primarily fueled by the ICO
craze, increased media attention, and a significant influx of retail
investors. During this period, Bitcoin's visibility soared to unprecedented
levels, making cryptocurrencies a topic of household conversation.

![bitcoin-bullrun-history-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_bullrun_history_3_e5bf0a81d0.png&w=3840&q=75)

This year was a watershed moment for
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet), significantly expanding its
user base beyond tech enthusiasts to the general public. The phenomenon was
partly driven by the ease of access to cryptocurrency exchanges, which
simplified the process of buying Bitcoin. Despite the excitement, the rapid
price increase sparked debates about the sustainability of such values and
concerns over a potential bubble.

The 2017 bull run not only marked Bitcoin's entry into mainstream finance but
also set the stage for future growth and the eventual recognition of
cryptocurrencies as a legitimate asset class. This period laid the groundwork
for increased institutional interest and regulatory discussions, highlighting
Bitcoin's potential to disrupt traditional financial systems.

## Institutional Adoption: 2020-2021

The period of late 2020 and 2021 marked a historic bull run for Bitcoin,
shattering the $20,000 barrier and peaking over $64,000 in April 2021. This
remarkable ascent was underpinned by a wave of institutional investment,
signaling a major shift in the perception of Bitcoin from a speculative asset
to a legitimate component of diversified investment portfolios. Major
corporations, hedge funds, and traditional financial institutions began to
embrace Bitcoin, allocating portions of their reserves to cryptocurrency,
driven by its potential for high returns, inflation hedge capabilities, and
increasing legitimacy as a financial instrument.

![bitcoin-bullrun-history-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_bullrun_history_2_caf8e67256.png&w=3840&q=75)

This era was characterized by an unprecedented level of mainstream financial
sector involvement. Notably, companies like Microstrategy and Tesla announced
significant Bitcoin purchases, while payment giants like PayPal and Square
integrated Bitcoin transactions into their platforms, making it more
accessible to everyday users and further cementing its status as a viable
investment and payment option. These moves not only validated Bitcoin's
utility in digital payments but also showcased its growing acceptance in the
broader financial landscape.

Moreover, the launch of Bitcoin futures and the approval of exchange-traded
funds (ETFs) based on them in various jurisdictions provided traditional
investors a regulated pathway to gain exposure to Bitcoin's potential returns
without the need to directly purchase and hold the [digital
currency](https://trustwallet.com). This development was crucial in mitigating
the perceived risks associated with Bitcoin's custody and management, thus
attracting more conservative institutional investors.

The 2020-2021 bull run also highlighted the evolving narrative of Bitcoin as
"digital gold," a narrative supported by its performance during times of
economic uncertainty. As central banks around the world ramped up money
printing in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, Bitcoin was increasingly viewed
as a hedge against inflation, much like gold has been historically. This
comparison further propelled institutional interest, as Bitcoin's capped
supply contrasted sharply with fiat currencies' potential for unlimited
inflation.

The institutional embrace of Bitcoin during this period did not come without
its challenges, including regulatory scrutiny and debates over environmental
concerns related to Bitcoin mining. However, the overall impact of this bull
run was a significant broadening of the investor base and a more profound
integration of Bitcoin into the global financial system.

## The 2024 Surge: Bitcoin ETF and Pre-Halving Excitement

In early 2024, the Bitcoin market witnessed a significant surge, with its
price crossing the $60,000 threshold. This remarkable increase in value came
ahead of the anticipated Bitcoin halving event scheduled for April 2024,
marking a notable period of pre-halving excitement within the cryptocurrency
community. Historically, halving events, which cut the reward for mining new
Bitcoin blocks in half, have led to price increases, driven by the reduced
rate of new Bitcoin entering circulation. This scarcity effect has been a
consistent trigger for bullish market sentiment in past cycles.

The early 2024 price action, however, was not solely influenced by the
upcoming halving. A pivotal development contributing to this surge was the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission's (SEC) approval of the first
U.S.-listed [Bitcoin Spot Exchange-Traded
Funds](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-spot-etf-approval-a-milestone-for-
crypto) (ETFs) in January 2024. This historic decision by the SEC to allow the
listing and trading of several Bitcoin ETFs marked a significant milestone for
the cryptocurrency industry, signaling a new level of institutional acceptance
and potential mainstream adoption of Bitcoin.

![bitcoin-bullrun-history-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_bullrun_history_1_4b8b18d5f7.png&w=3840&q=75)

The approval of Bitcoin ETFs by the
[SEC](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-sec-role-in-crypto-a-
beginners-guide), provided investors with a regulated, accessible avenue to
gain exposure to Bitcoin without the need to directly purchase and hold the
cryptocurrency. This development was seen as a major positive step towards the
institutionalization of Bitcoin as an asset class, drawing in significant
investment from both retail and institutional investors eager to participate
in the Bitcoin market through traditional financial mechanisms.

The combination of the ETF approvals and the anticipation of the halving
created a powerful catalyst for Bitcoin's price increase. Institutional
investors, previously sidelined due to regulatory uncertainties or the
complexities of handling cryptocurrency, now had a secure and compliant way to
add Bitcoin to their portfolios. This influx of new investment, coupled with
the traditional halving hype, contributed to the bullish price action observed
in early 2024.

Moreover, the approval of Bitcoin ETFs and the ensuing price surge underscored
the growing recognition of Bitcoin's potential not just as a speculative asset
but as a legitimate and valuable component of the global financial system. It
represented a convergence of traditional finance and the emerging world of
cryptocurrencies, bridging the gap between these two realms and potentially
setting the stage for further innovations and integrations in the future.

As the halving event approaches, the cryptocurrency community remains
watchful, speculating on the long-term impacts of these developments on
Bitcoin's price and its role in the broader financial landscape. The unique
combination of regulatory approval for Bitcoin ETFs and the pre-halving
excitement has undoubtedly set 2024 apart as a landmark year in the history of
Bitcoin, highlighting its enduring appeal and resilience as the leading
cryptocurrency.

### What's Next?

As we stand in 2024, looking at Bitcoin's price exceeding $60,000 before the
halving, speculation abounds regarding the market's direction. Historically,
halving events have led to increased prices, but the unique circumstances of
each bull run, including the current one, make predictions challenging. The
market is more mature, with a broader base of institutional and retail
investors, and the global economic environment continues to evolve rapidly.

The question remains: Have we seen the top for this bull run, or is there more
room for growth? While history can offer clues, the future of Bitcoin remains
to be seen. Holders and enthusiasts alike will be watching closely as the next
chapter in Bitcoin's history unfolds.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

