Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

[Update](/blog/?interval=3&category=Update)

6 min read

# Luganodes’ Solana Indexer: Now Open Sourced

For the Community!

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='675'%20width='1200'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Cover
Image](/static/a4bce4297142a126f505a63472c25b61/bb8ee/solana_temp_e0151cf452.png)![Cover
Image](/static/a4bce4297142a126f505a63472c25b61/bb8ee/solana_temp_e0151cf452.png)

Published on

14 Dec, 2023

Copy
Link[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22Luganodes%E2%80%99%20Solana%20Indexer%3A%20Now%20Open%20Sourced%22&url=)[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=&title=Luganodes%E2%80%99%20Solana%20Indexer%3A%20Now%20Open%20Sourced&summary=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22Luganodes%E2%80%99%20Solana%20Indexer%3A%20Now%20Open%20Sourced%22)

> Our Solana Indexer is now open-sourced and is accessible publicly. Feel free
> to access it on Luganodes’ [GitHub](https://github.com/Luganodes/Solana-
> Indexer).

## Introduction

Indexers in the Web3 space are like the gears in a well-oiled machine, vital
for the smooth and efficient functioning of blockchain technology. They work
behind the scenes, meticulously organizing and simplifying the vast and
complex data on blockchains. This is crucial in many applications including
decentralized applications (dApps), which rely on quick and efficient data
access to provide seamless experiences to their users. Indexers essentially
transform the raw, often chaotic blockchain data into a structured format,
making it easily accessible and usable.

Open-source technology is pivotal in Web3 development. Embracing these
principles, particularly for tools like indexers, promotes collective growth
and innovation. This strategy not only propels development forward but also
resonates with the decentralization ethos central to Web3, aiming to create an
inclusive, transparent, and community-focused technological future.

As we make our Solana indexer open-source, we're tapping into this
collaborative spirit, inviting a global community to join us in refining and
evolving our tools for a decentralized world.

## What are Indexers?

Blockchain transactions are distinctive since they are an immutable trace on
the ledger. Each action, whether it's a smart contract execution, transfer of
digital currency, or any other blockchain interaction, is permanently
recorded. This record is time-stamped and linked to previous transactions,
forming a continuous chain. Due to this transparency and permanence,
blockchain transactions are highly secure and verifiable, with every action
being traceable and irreversible once recorded.

However, despite the straightforward nature of recording transactions on a
blockchain, creating a database from this information for querying is not as
simple. The complexity arises from the decentralized and encrypted nature of
blockchains. Each block contains a multitude of transaction details encoded in
a way that ensures security and privacy. Therefore, extracting, organizing,
and querying this data requires specialized tools and an understanding of the
system. This makes the process more challenging than dealing with a
traditional database.

Hence, developers have to build indexers to address the needs of querying
transaction data. For smart contract-based transactions, Application Binary
Interfaces (ABI) have to be used which act as blueprints for the smart
contract and enable developers to find transaction data. Whereas for some
other chains like Solana in this case, developers utilise Remote Procedure
Calls (RPC) to fetch transaction data from a block, pick the data relevant to
their validator and delegators and code an indexer for the same.

Essentially, the indexer aggregates and summarizes the transaction “notes”.
Without indexing, finding specific details like the first transaction of a
wallet with a specific token would be like finding a needle in a haystack.
Indexing makes navigating the vast world of blockchain data feasible and
efficient.

Indexers take the fetched transactions and make a database, which can be
queried. These indexers run periodically and update the database.

## Luganodes’ Solana Indexer

Solana as a chain has been a mainstay for Luganodes for quite a while now. In
this period, Solana has gone through multiple updates and has consistently
shown promise as a major institutional player. Our last revisit involved going
through their major upgrades and their path forward, which you can check out
[here](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/SolanaHighlight/).

As a major chain supported by Luganodes, we have put significant development
effort into building indexers for Solana. Recognizing the transformative power
of collaborative innovation, we have decided to open-source our Solana
indexer. This move aligns with our commitment to transparency and the ethos of
the Web3 community, fostering a more inclusive and robust ecosystem.

Open-sourcing the indexer allows developers worldwide to contribute to and
enhance its capabilities, ensuring wider adaptability and resilience.
Furthermore, by sharing our work, we're enabling a deeper understanding and
potentially sparking innovations within the Solana ecosystem. With this move,
Luganodes continues its commitment towards being a key contributor to the
community-driven blockchain world.

## Versatility of Luganodes' Indexer

At Luganodes, we are seasoned indexer builders. Indexers form an essential
part of our daily workflow, enabling us to use properly formatted data in our
products. The most prominent of which is the [Terminal
application](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/Update_Terminal/) used by our
clients for portfolio management. Through this application, our indexer plays
a vital role in data reporting, allowing clients to efficiently manage and
analyze their portfolios. It serves as a powerful tool for extracting and
interpreting the wealth of data on the Solana blockchain, transforming raw
data into actionable insights.

Beyond our internal applications, our open-source Solana Indexer has a
multitude of uses for the wider community. Detailed in our [GitHub
repository](https://github.com/Luganodes/Solana-Indexer), users can find
guidelines on how to leverage this indexer for their specific needs. Whether
it's for developing applications, conducting comprehensive blockchain
analytics, or integrating Solana staking data into existing systems, our
indexer is designed for versatility and scalability.

This tool is invaluable for developers, enterprises, and blockchain
enthusiasts alike, offering an accessible way to tap into the rich data
landscape of Solana.

## Advantages

Our tool simplifies some of the most complex tasks in blockchain data
management. The advantages of using our open-sourced indexer are numerous, and
they include:

  * Streamlined Data Management: Users can effortlessly fetch and organize Solana staking data for their validator without needing to understand the intricate details of the underlying code.

  * Simplified Data Access: The indexer abstracts the complexities of data retrieval, making it accessible even to those with limited blockchain expertise.

  * Enhanced Data Usability: Our tool transforms raw blockchain data into a structured and usable format, enabling users to focus on analysis and application rather than data processing.

Additionally, this open-source approach encourages users to adopt and adapt
our indexer for their specific needs. Whether it's for creating indexers for
their own validators or creating bespoke APIs, our indexer provides a solid
foundation. We strongly encourage users to:

  * Utilize our code for creating indexers for their validators, mirroring our approach to data handling and management.

  * Leverage the flexibility of our tool to build custom APIs tailored to their specific data requirements and use cases.

## Luganodes Terminal

As mentioned earlier, we are utilizing such indexers is our Terminal product.
Luganodes’ Terminal is more than just a tool - it's a gateway to smarter, more
informed blockchain investments. Tailored for both institutions and individual
investors, the Terminal offers a wealth of features. From monitoring key
metrics across multiple chains to detailed insights into portfolio and
transaction tracking, it's all about giving you control and clarity over your
blockchain investments. The user-friendly interface, coupled with our powerful
indexers, transforms complex data into actionable insights. For a deeper dive
into these features and how they can benefit you, check out the full details
on the Luganodes Terminal
[here](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/Update_Terminal/).

If you hold the SOL token, you can enhance your portfolio by staking to earn
rewards. Leverage Luganodes' institutional-grade infrastructure to stake your
holdings and create a passive income. Staking with us ensures ease of use,
support, and safety while you earn, and also contribute to the security of the
Solana chain.

Learn how to stake SOL tokens using this
[guide](www.luganodes.com/blog/SOLSG/). You can learn more about staking on
our
[website](https://www.luganodes.com/?utm_source=Blog&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=Blog%20-%20article%20-%20Footer),
and feel free to [contact
us](https://www.luganodes.com/#signup?utm_source=Blog&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=Blog%20-%20article%20-%20Footer)
for any queries!

## About Luganodes

Luganodes is a world-class, Swiss-operated, non-custodial blockchain
infrastructure provider that has rapidly gained recognition in the industry
for offering institutional-grade services. It was born out of the Lugano Plan
B Program, an initiative driven by Tether and the City of Lugano. Luganodes
maintains an exceptional 99.9% uptime with round-the-clock monitoring by SRE
experts. With support for 40+ PoS networks, it ranks among the top validators
on Polygon, Polkadot, Sui, and Tron. Luganodes prioritizes security and
compliance, holding the distinction of being one of the first staking
providers to adhere to all SOC 2 Type II, GDPR, and ISO 27001 standards as
well as offering Chainproof insurance to institutional clients.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

