Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

Â© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)

# Blockchain Intelligence

## Mapping real-world entities to on-chain activity

Chainalysis delivers industry-leading blockchain intelligence by connecting
real-world entities to on-chain activity through sophisticated machine
learning, dedicated forensic experts, and an extensive customer network.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/blockchain-
intelligence-5.svg)

## 65,000+

unique entities identified

## 1 billion+

addresses clustered

## $11 billion+

in stolen funds weâve helped recover

## 23

chains supported

Breadth Depth Accuracy Speed

## **BREADTH**

### Gain visibility into wallet ownership

#### Ground-truth attributions

Ground-truth attributions are collected with directly observable, verifiable
evidence demonstrating that an address belongs to a service. These
attributions are the initial focal point to begin mapping real-world entities
to on-chain addresses.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-ground-truth-
attributions-2.svg)

#### Global intelligence

With the largest Global Intelligence Team in the industry, entities can be
attributed in difficult-to-access regions with the ability to hyper-focus in
specific areas such as sanctioned jurisdictions.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-global-
intel.svg)

#### Chain and token support

Chainalysis has architected a flexible platform to scale blockchain and asset
support, leveraging generalized frameworks applicable to networks that are
alike in blockchain type. This enables quick integration with new chains,
inclusive of all tokens.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-chain-token-
support.png)

#### Three key advantages

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-speed.svg)

##### Onboarding Speed

Generalized frameworks allow for fast integrations with new chains.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-dynamic-
coin.svg)

##### Dynamic token support

For smart-contract based networks, Chainalysis supports all fungible and non-
fungible tokens.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-
clustering.svg)

##### Clustering speed

Our architecture fast tracks clustering capabilities earlier in our pipeline
enabling us to begin deploying and iterating clustering heuristics for all
blockchains more quickly than ever before.

## Depth

### Gain a complete view of entity activity

#### Clustering heuristics

Tying ground-truth attributions to single addresses helps achieve breadth of
coverage, but this now necessitates the need for depth. Itâs critical to
understand all addresses an entity controls through a process of clustering,
or grouping addresses together. As addresses are clustered, a deeper and more
complete mapping of all interactions between entities is created.

To gain this level of depth, learn about the different clustering heuristics
and the amount of rigor involved.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-clustering-
heuristics-1.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-network.svg)

##### Network-wide Heuristics

Network wide heuristics are generic by nature and can be applied to any wallet
on a given UTXO or EVM blockchain.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-building.svg)

##### Service-specific Heuristics

Service-specific heuristics are custom tailored for a specific entityâs
architecture. There are 100s of service-specific heuristics employed.

#### Advanced clustering

Chainalysis has built an architecture with the ability to experiment, deploy,
and iterate on clustering algorithms at a rapid pace. For example, with
dedicated data pipelines, we are able to scan billions of transactions in
order to identify unique patterns that power our heuristics for both UTXO-
based blockchains as well as account-based blockchains.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-advanced-
clustering.svg)

## Accuracy

### Inaccurate data is worse than missing data

#### Data quality

Chainalysis is commonly asked âwhat is your false positive rateâ? Determining
a false positive rate requires a source of truth to check against, and
Chainalysis is the industryâs source of truth. Still, there is supporting
evidence that speaks to data accuracy and quality.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-data-
quality-1.svg)

#### Data validation

**Customers validate our clusters on a daily basis.**  
Many of the services (e.g. exchanges) whose addresses that are clustered are
also Chainalysis customers who use transaction monitoring services. As such,
those customers share thousands of addresses per day, allowing Chainalysis to
validate clustering accuracy. To date, there has never been a discrepancy
found between Chainalysis data and the addresses provided by customers.

**Public sector setting the industry standard.**  
A significant number of Chainalysis customers are law enforcement agencies,
regulators, and intelligence agencies at various levels. With that said, itâs
crucial to be using the same solutions and datasets that fellow agencies use.
Since 2014, the public sector has been a core clientele, and the reliability
of Chainalysis intelligence is pivotal for continuing these positive
partnerships.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-data-
validation-1.svg)

## Speed

### Trace and discover insights quickly

#### Dynamic token support

We are able to support tokens deployed to a chain within seconds. Speed is
essential in this environment. For example, itâs important to ensure that
onramps and offramps are aware of which addresses should be blacklisted or
have funds frozen.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-dynamic-token-
support-1.png)

#### Global intelligence obligations

Chainalysis has a Global Intelligence Team collecting ground-truth
attributions on a daily basis, who are obligated to submit those attributions
into the intelligence layer as soon as possible.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bi-global-intel-
obligations-1.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/episode-102-website-graphic.png)

Case Study

## $30M seized from North Korean-linked hacking group

[Read the post](/blog/axie-infinity-ronin-bridge-dprk-hack-seizure/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
header-photo.jpg)

## [Crypto Investigations ](/solution/crypto-investigations/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/risk-header-
photo-2.jpg)

## [Crypto Risk ](/solution/crypto-risk/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/growth-header.jpg)

## [Web3 Growth ](/solution/web3-growth/)

## Get started with Chainalysis

[Request a demo](/request-a-demo/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=deec1f5d-1cae-4e46-a267-6633bca749f5&sid=b6dda3401cfe11efbf4457c4675d9d6d&vid=b6ddd8801cfe11ef8115652de130768f&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Blockchain%20Intelligence%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblockchain-
intelligence%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=945346)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=5124494d-7b58-426b-8050-5e98e10913fd&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=132c25bf-
bb5f-439e-9b06-58a44b99b628&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblockchain-
intelligence%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=5124494d-7b58-426b-8050-5e98e10913fd&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=132c25bf-
bb5f-439e-9b06-58a44b99b628&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblockchain-
intelligence%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=3f835da25a55437dca61628e1571ff6d&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblockchain-
intelligence%2F&_biz_t=1716906578393&_biz_i=Blockchain%20Intelligence%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=16959&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906578803)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=3f835da25a55437dca61628e1571ff6d&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblockchain-
intelligence%2F&_biz_t=1716906578804&_biz_i=Blockchain%20Intelligence%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=471891&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906578804)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking âAccept All Cookiesâ, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

