[![Logo](https://docs.hel.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F833505095-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F7QGlYdZDcto9BLxhv810%252Ficon%252FgWlLVcjDRvQC8AaAPhng%252Fhelio-3d.jpg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dbcfb53c2-31c8-4c1e-83af-9bdf2b7ba317&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=9019aea78de3a32d38b17bbcc496f1528cfe85feb565879c3cadb16f7bfa2d36)![Logo](https://docs.hel.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F833505095-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F7QGlYdZDcto9BLxhv810%252Ficon%252FgWlLVcjDRvQC8AaAPhng%252Fhelio-3d.jpg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dbcfb53c2-31c8-4c1e-83af-9bdf2b7ba317&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=9019aea78de3a32d38b17bbcc496f1528cfe85feb565879c3cadb16f7bfa2d36)Helio](/)

[ Website](https://helio.co/)[ Twitter](https://twitter.com/helio_pay)[
Discord](https://discord.com/invite/helio)

Ask or SearchCtrl \+ K

  * üëãIntroduction

    * [‚òÄÔ∏èWelcome to Helio](/)

    * [üí≥Pricing & fees](/introduction/pricing-and-fees)

  * üéìProduct guides

    * [‚ö°Quick start guide](/product-guides/quick-start-guide)

    * [‚ö°Pre-Sales](/product-guides/pre-sales)

    * [‚ö°WooCommerce plugin](/product-guides/woocommerce-plugin)

    * [‚ö°Solana Pay - Shopify plugin](/product-guides/solana-pay-shopify-plugin)

    * [‚ö°Gated payments](/product-guides/gated-payments)

    * [‚ö°Discord memberships](/product-guides/discord-memberships)

    * [‚ö°Other options](/product-guides/other-options)

      * [‚ö°Helio Wallet](/product-guides/other-options/helio-wallet)

      * [‚ö°Subscriptions](/product-guides/other-options/subscriptions)

      * [‚ö°Video paywall (Helio Play)](/product-guides/other-options/video-paywall-helio-play)

      * [‚ö°NFT - private listing (Helio OTC)](/product-guides/other-options/nft-private-listing-helio-otc)

      * [‚ö°TradingView](/product-guides/other-options/tradingview)

      * [‚ö°Verification & safety](/product-guides/other-options/verification-and-safety)

      * [‚ö°Affiliate links](/product-guides/other-options/affiliate-links)

      * [‚ö°Split payments](/product-guides/other-options/split-payments)

      * [‚ö°cNFT Airdrops](/product-guides/other-options/cnft-airdrops)

      * [‚ö°Discounts](/product-guides/other-options/discounts)

      * [‚ö°Receipts & refunds](/product-guides/other-options/receipts-and-refunds)

  * ‚öíÔ∏èDevelopers

    * [üîëHelio API key](/developers/helio-api-key)

    * [üõíHelio Checkout Widget](/developers/helio-checkout-widget)

    * [ü™ùWebhooks](/developers/webhooks)

    * [üîóCreate Pay Links via API](/developers/create-pay-links-via-api)

    * [üöÄQuick start code examples](/developers/quick-start-code-examples)

    * [üñ•Ô∏èGoogle app script](/developers/google-app-script)

    * [‚ùìAutofill user data](/developers/autofill-user-data)

    * [üï∏Ô∏èTest Helio on devnet](/developers/test-helio-on-devnet)

  * üìöOther docs

    * [üîêSecurity](/other-docs/security)

    * [üè†OG Demo @Solana Hacker House](/other-docs/og-demo-solana-hacker-house)

    * [üìÉLegals](https://info.docs.hel.io/)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=7QGlYdZDcto9BLxhv810)

![Page cover
image](https://docs.hel.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F833505095-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F7QGlYdZDcto9BLxhv810%252Fuploads%252FFsMZxyJCf9rL89NWs7cF%252FServe%2520Banner%2520Background.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Dc7faeda0-0eec-43b6-8dca-d3173ac923bf&width=1248&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=d3c471424058b54bdd1d600edb78c76e1e2eac2d9b505a880eeba37695e55244)

# ‚òÄÔ∏èWelcome to Helio

Accept crypto payments the easy way

We power crypto payments for +5,000 creators & merchants and 100s of thousands
of unique active wallets.

You can self-serve to set up a Helio merchant account in minutes & get paid
instantly for E-commerce, pre-sales, ticketing, subscriptions & digital
products in USDC, SOL, ETH, BTC & 100s of digital assets.

[‚ö°pageQuick start guide](/product-guides/quick-start-guide)

##

Helio intro video

Helio - sell more with crypto payments

##

FAQs

###

Who‚Äôs behind Helio?

We're an experienced team of builders backed by leading VCs Lightspeed Faction
& Peak Capital. The founders previously built, scaled and exited two B2B SaaS
companies for a total of $600m. We've assembled a team of leading Web3 &
Fintech engineering, product and marketing talent.

Please see open roles here <https://join.hel.io/> if you're interested in
joining us.

###

How much does Helio cost?

It's free to get started and we charge a fee per transaction. See our[ pricing
& fees information](/introduction/pricing-and-fees).

###

Does Helio custody funds?

No, Helio is a technology provider, not a MSB/VASP or money transmitter. We
help merchants & creators accept fully decentralised payments (100% DeFi)
using the blockchain. All transactions are direct, peer-to-peer payments from
the buyer to the merchant. We never take custody of funds and merchants
receive payments instantly in their wallet.

###

What blockchains does Helio support?

Helio was founded on Solana, which is the best blockchain for payments today.
We also support Bitcoin, Ethereum & Polygon and additional chains are in our
roadmap.

###

Is Helio audited?

Yes, we're audited by Ackee blockchain, operated the highest possible security
standards and employ a robust KYC/AML program. In addition, we regularly
pentest and conduct vulnerability tests on our infrastructure.

###

What's a crypto wallet?

A self-custody crypto wallet that runs as a plug-in in your browser or mobile
app. Self-custody means you hold the crypto yourself with a public-private key
pair rather than in an online account, akin to holding money in your own safe.
You can send money directly & easily to anyone üåé

###

What digital currencies do you support?

USDC, SOL, ETH, BTC and 100s of other digital currencies. If your token isn't
listed in the drop-down please complete this
[form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSfMGYdiYwhZ1Qepfbo-
oXUzpftUzwHeg09JeoeShhz3jCXqzQ/viewform)

###

What is a HelioX Pass?

"HelioX Pass" is our official NFT which acts as a subscription to HelioX, the
pro version of Helio with the lowest fees. Hold 2x passes to reduce your fees
to 1%. Learn more:

[![Logo](https://magiceden.io/marketplace/img/maskables/maskable_icon_x512.png)HelioX Pass | Magic EdenMagic Eden](https://magiceden.io/marketplace/helions)

###

Is Helio supported on mobile devices

Helio is fully supported by iOS & Android and also works well with mobile
crypto wallets. Open the wallet's browser and navigate to the [Helio
dashboard](https://www.hel.io/)[ ](https://www.hel.io/dashboard.)to set up
your payment workflows. We also use Phantom and MetaMask deep-links to auto-
open checkout pages in mobile wallets.

###

How do I go about getting a refund? Can Helio help me with this?

If you would like a refund, please contact the merchant directly. Transactions
made with digital currencies on the Helio platform are direct peer-to-peer
transfer from the buyer to the merchant.

Please note that once payment is sent, there's no way for Helio to reverse the
transaction or reclaim funds on your behalf. As a result, we are unable to
resolve any payment disputes as the transactions are secured by the blockchain
and irreversible.

[NextPricing & fees](/introduction/pricing-and-fees)

Last updated 1 month ago

On this page

  * Helio intro video
  * FAQs
  * Who‚Äôs behind Helio?
  * How much does Helio cost?
  * Does Helio custody funds?
  * What blockchains does Helio support?
  * Is Helio audited?
  * What's a crypto wallet?
  * What digital currencies do you support? 
  * What is a HelioX Pass?
  * Is Helio supported on mobile devices
  * How do I go about getting a refund? Can Helio help me with this?

This site uses cookies to deliver its service and to analyse traffic. By
browsing this site, you accept the [privacy
policy](https://info.docs.hel.io/privacy).

AcceptReject

