[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions") __
  * ... __
  * Discovering Ledger Live Apps and What They Do

# Discovering Ledger Live Apps and What They Do

By **Linda Orenes-Lerma**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Mar 31, 2023 | **Updated May 24, 2023**

__Read 7 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-apps
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Discovering%20Ledger%20Live%20Apps%20and%20What%20They%20Do&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-apps "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-ledger-live-
apps
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-
apps&title=Discovering%20Ledger%20Live%20Apps%20and%20What%20They%20Do
"Reddit")

![Ledger devices on a podium](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/10_Ledger-Ecosystem_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Ledger Live provides a secure gateway to access dApps and blockchain apps,
allowing you to manage your cryptocurrencies, finances, NFTs and Crypto assets
from one easy-to-use interface  
  
—  Using Ledger Live Apps offers several benefits, including security,
convenience, and ownership  
  
— Ledger Live offers multiple web3 apps, and since it is open-source, that
number is still growing.  
  
  
So, you may be familiar with [what Decentralized Apps (dApps)
are](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-dapp), but how confident are you
in using them? It’s no secret that interacting with the blockchain can be
complex, time-consuming, and downright confusing. As a result, crypto users
find themselves at risk of signing malicious transactions or sharing sensitive
information with bad actors. Simply, the technical nature of tools can make it
almost impossible to navigate the crypto market.

So how do you get involved with the blockchain’s many benefits while staying
safe and in control of your assets?

## Ledger Live: Making Web3 Apps Easy

Well, [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) is a single app that
exists to facilitate your interactions with the blockchain. Through its
discover feature, it gives you access to multiple web3 apps in one place. You
don’t have to worry about accessing each one separately, nor do you have to
switch between them. Ledger Live’s discover feature is your key to
functionality in the web3 ecosystem.

While it was once a difficult task, Ledger Live also facilitates the
connection between web3 apps and your hardware wallet. This helps you ensure
that your transactions are secure and encrypted so no malicious third parties
can gain access to them. Furthermore, it removes the dangers of blind signing
by providing you with human-readable transactions.

Lastly, and possibly most importantly, this offers you the opportunity to
interact with web3 apps securely and with full ownership over your assets. Put
simply, it’s a one-stop shop designed to make your crypto life much easier.

So, what kind of apps are on offer and how does Ledger Live help you use them?
Let’s explore:

## What are Ledger Live Apps?

Ledger Live Apps are blockchain apps you can access directly through the
‘Discover’ feature. These third-party applications let you extend the features
of your Ledger device and your web3 experience, giving you more ways to use
it.

So, how does it all work?  
  
Put simply, Ledger Live has an easy-to-use interface that provides you with
easy access to apps and decentralized apps (dApps).

To access them, you just need to click the “discover” tab in your Ledger Live
app. This is your connection to apps and dApps from Ledger Partners. However,
it’s important to keep in mind that Ledger does not operate the apps in the
Live Apps Catalog. Rather, it acts as a
[gateway](https://www.ledger.com/blog/becoming-your-safe-gateway-to-all-your-
crypto-services-with-ledger-apps-catalog) to facilitate the connection between
you and these services.

But before you start exploring, let’s look at the types of Live Apps there are
to choose from and why you might want to use them.

## A Live App for Every Occasion

Ledger Live is much more than a traditional cryptocurrency wallet, it gives
you access to a whole world of different applications. Whether you want to
keep track of your money, stake some crypto, own NFTs, chat with others, or
play games – there’s an app or dApp for every occasion.

## Apps For NFTs

There are several NFT-related Live Apps. To explain, [Non-fungible
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft) (NFTs) represent unique
or rare digital and real-world assets. Unlike other crypto assets or fiat
currencies, NFTs cannot be divided into smaller parts. They are indivisible
representations of information and value. The following apps offer ways to
manage, store, or visualize NFTs.

### [ LEDGER ] MARKET

[[ Ledger ] M](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/6030131579549--
Ledger-Market?docs=true)arket is a platform designed to create, distribute,
and store NFTs securely. It offers artists, brands, and curators the chance to
produce customized collaborations and product drops whilst protecting their
assets. [ Ledger ] Market’s artist-in-residence programs and curation features
allow creators true ownership and control over their NFT experience.

### POAP – Make Digital Memories

[POAP](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/6917228730909-POAP-Ledger-
Live-?docs=true) is a Proof of Attendance Protocol that helps you keep track
of your experiences. By becoming a POAP Collector, you can get a unique badge
whenever you attend an event. These NFTs are stored on the Gnosis sidechain of
[Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-beginners-guide) and
provide an immutable, autonomous record commemorating those moments.

### Objkt viewer – For Tezos NFTs

[Objkt Viewer ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/objkt-joins-ledger-live-visualize-
your-tezos-nfts)is a platform for visualizing your Tezos NFTs. Ledger Live
provides you with a way to view the NFTs you hold and those that other people
possess. This aspect of the platform allows you to see valuable details such
as Descriptions, Properties, Attributes, and History.

## Apps for DeFi

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-defi)
applications use blockchain technology to create financial products and
services outside of traditional banking systems, providing greater access to
financial tools for anyone with an internet connection. Ledger Live now offers
a diverse set of DeFi services so you have the chance to explore potential
opportunities including swapping, staking, lending, and borrowing. Making you
able to take full advantage of the power and potential of DeFi.

### Yearn

[Yearn](https://yearn.finance/) is a decentralized suite of products focused
on yield. To explain, it allows you to optimise your profits via lending and
borrowing. By using your hardware wallet and applying proper [risk-management
standards](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4404599625233-Discover-Live-Apps?docs=true), you can achieve a
high yield through DeFi protocols. You can access and deposit into Yearn
vaults straight from Ledger Live.

### ParaSwap

[ParaSwap](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/360020907378-Swap-
crypto-with-Paraswap?docs=true) is a comprehensive dApp that aggregates
multiple decentralized exchanges (DEXs) to find the best exchange rate
possible, ensuring a seamless user experience. With ParaSwap, you don’t need
to worry about comparing rates – just set your preferences and let the
platform do the work.

### 1inch

The [1Inch](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/6490068570781-Swap-
crypto-with-1inch?docs=true) dApp also aggregates multiple DEXs on a single,
intuitive platform to get you the best exchange rate available. 1inch is found
in the Discover section of Ledger Live allowing you to swap cryptocurrencies
safely and securely.

## Staking Apps

Another popular type of web3 app includes staking apps. Staking cryptocurrency
provides an opportunity to generate a passive income stream while also
improving the security and reliability of blockchain networks. Through
staking, you are contributing to the blockchain’s defense against malicious
attacks and helping make it easier for transactions to be processed. This is
an increasingly attractive option for cryptocurrency owners who seek
additional rewards in a secure environment.

### Kiln

[Kiln](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/7732713721373-How-to-
stake-ETH-with-Kiln-through-Ledger-Live?docs=true) is a protocol staking
platform that enables you to lock ETH to fund a validator, earning rewards in
return. Staking generates reliably high yields compared to other forms of
crypto investments.

### Lido

[Lido](https://www.ledger.com/blog/lido-available-in-ledger-live-bringing-
ethereum-staking-within-your-reach) is a decentralized staking service.
Staking ETH through Ethereum can be a costly proposition; validators must put
up 32 ETH, which is not exactly pocket change. But with Lido’s Liquid Staking
service, you can provide any amount of ETH and receive stETH in exchange. Lido
also simplifies the infrastructure needs of running a validator node so that
anyone can easily participate in staking.

## Messaging Apps

Decentralized messaging applications let you communicate with others without
the need for a central authority or server, ensuring privacy and security.

### Inbox by Dispatch

Inbox by Dispatch allows brands and token issuers to have direct access to
their target audiences. The Dispatch protocol gives token issuers the ability
to send messages from a ledger wallet to any blockchain address within the
Ledger Live app,  no longer relying on web2 consumer platforms and email
addresses. Through this integration, you can have access to all types of
messages from any project you are following, such as invitations to events,
surveys with incentives, up-to-date company news, and more.

### WalletChat

WalletChat is an app that allows users to send messages to other crypto
wallets. It is similar to Inbox by Dispatch, but it also allows users to send
messages from their crypto wallet to other crypto wallets. WalletChat makes it
simple to contact NFT owners to negotiate a trade. At the click of a button,
you can reach an owner directly by their wallet address or ENS so there is no
need for third-party messaging services making it fast, easy, and secure.

## Gaming Apps

Web3 created a new generation of gaming in which players earn real value.[
Blockchain games](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/the-top-5-blockchain-
games-you-can-explore) enable true ownership of in-game assets, allowing
players to earn and trade value within the game.

### Cometh – Free to play blockchain card game

[Cometh Battle](https://www.ledger.com/blog/cometh-battle-blockchain-gaming-
enters-ledger-live) is a free-to-play tactical card game where you can play,
earn, own, collect, and trade your NFT cards and spaceships. The game provides
an exclusive platform for gamers to develop skills, test strategies and earn
rewards. Through the game, you can make card and spaceship trades, compete in
exciting 1v1 battles and tournaments, gain rewards, and build up a collection
of cards and spacecraft.

## Why You’d want to use dApps with Ledger Live

Whether you’re interested in staking, NFTs, messaging, or gaming, Ledger Live
provides the ultimate crypto experience, allowing you to interact with web3
apps securely. While taking control of your assets may sound overwhelming,
Ledger Live makes that a worry of the past, with a simple setup and the
ability to connect to multiple apps.

Not only can you access popular apps, dApps, and coins directly, but Ledger
Live also offers a way to contact help desks and support services. Besides
that, it’s also open-source, meaning developers can build new dApps or
integrations on its existing structure.

To conclude, Ledger Live is all you need to stay safe and secure in the ever-
growing dApp market. Because Decentralized apps require decentralized
solutions: something Ledger Live is happy to provide.

**Linda Orenes-Lerma**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Content creator and copywriter. Mum to a toddler who is already creating and
collecting NFTs and then storing them on her own Ledger Nano! Ex-teacher still
putting education first and writing about all things crypto because education
is key to making the space safe!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-apps
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Discovering%20Ledger%20Live%20Apps%20and%20What%20They%20Do&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-apps "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-ledger-live-
apps
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-
apps&title=Discovering%20Ledger%20Live%20Apps%20and%20What%20They%20Do
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-embedded-
software)

[What is Ledger Embedded
Software?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-
embedded-software)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/is-ledger-open-
source)

[Is Ledger Open
Source?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/is-ledger-open-
source)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-
app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto)

[Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap
Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-
live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-
secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto)

[How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-
most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto)

__Read

7 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-extension-ledgers-cross-chain-
browser-extension)

[Ledger Extension: Cross-Chain Browser Extension for
Web3](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-extension-ledgers-cross-chain-
browser-extension)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-validator-node-has-arrived)

[Ledger Validator Node has Arrived!](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-
validator-node-has-arrived)

__Read

4 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-security-through-ledger-live)

[The NFT Experience Just got Better – in Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-security-through-ledger-live)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-bit-of-it/ledger-live-
the-one-stop-shop-for-your-crypto)

[What is Ledger Live?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-
bit-of-it/ledger-live-the-one-stop-shop-for-your-crypto)

__Read

3 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=70a6a8aa-1f21-4f8f-9ab7-aa64259623ae&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=cdfc9b65-4a8a-40ff-b29c-3f7bbb4a2d2b&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-
apps&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=70a6a8aa-1f21-4f8f-9ab7-aa64259623ae&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=cdfc9b65-4a8a-40ff-b29c-3f7bbb4a2d2b&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-
apps&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=cbebd135-d4de-456e-9e73-8021fb9bdf3e&sid=e4cb73101cfc11ef809f4b1a94096ee5&vid=e4cb66a01cfc11ef9ad813c599ced76a&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Discovering%20Ledger%20Live%20Apps%20and%20What%20They%20Do%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fdiscovering-
ledger-live-apps&r=&lt=1401&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=509877)

