[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# Collection Statement

Last Updated: Dec 14, 2023

To assist by Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd for itself and on behalf of its
affiliated companies (collectively, “Cube”, “our”, “us” or “we”) in
maintaining our Wait List for a requested client account, providing our
services to you, conducting our verification diligence, managing your Cube
Client Account, administering our Loyalty Points Program and otherwise
conducting our business functions and activities, we need to collect Personal
Information (Personal Data) about you. By providing your Personal Data, you
agree that it will be used and disclosed by Cube in accordance with this
statement and our Privacy Notice, available at [Cube Privacy
Notice](https://www.cube.exchange/legal/privacy). If you do not agree, you
must not provide your Personal Data, and we may not be able to communicate
with you or provide certain products or services to you. We may disclose your
Personal Data to other parties, including to third parties who provide
products and services to us or through us in the ordinary operation,
administration or promotion of our business and otherwise in accordance with
our Privacy Notice. From time to time, these third parties may be located (and
therefore your Personal Data may be disclosed) overseas, including the United
States, Hong Kong and Australia. We may use and disclose your Personal Data
for direct marketing purposes, unless you opt out (which you can do at any
time in accordance with our Privacy Notice). Our Privacy Notice contains
information about how you may access and seek correction of your personal
information, how you may complain about a breach of your privacy, and how we
will deal with that complaint.

The latest Collection Statement changes were made on Dec 14, 2023

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

