[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * What Is VeChain?

# What Is VeChain?

By **Gaurav Roy**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Mar 21, 2024 | **Updated Mar 21, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20VeChain%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-vechain
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain&title=What%20Is%20VeChain%3F "Reddit")

![blockchain thumbnail](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/02_Blockchain_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Though blockchain technology has some promising potential as a wide-ranging
enterprise solution, the lack of scalability of many Layer 1 blockchains has
hampered their adoption by large businesses.  
  
— VeChain is a public blockchain that aims to support the operation of large-
scale commercial dApps through scalably fast and secure data transmission.  
  
— VeChain’s Proof of Authority consensus mechanism, meta-transaction features,
and two-token model make it a suitable blockchain option for supply chain
management.  
  
Blockchain technology, which underpins the wild world of cryptocurrencies, is
disrupting various industries, from banking and insurance to healthcare,
entertainment, digital identity verification, and supply chain tracking.
According to the research firm Gartner, blockchain technology will generate
more than $3 trillion in new business value by the end of this decade.

Of course, a single blockchain can’t fulfill all this potential and the
diverse needs of different sectors across the globe. Instead, a multi-chain
structure has started taking shape, with different networks popping up to
cater to different use cases.

One example of a purpose-built, narrow-use blockchain is VeChain: a public
blockchain designed for the widespread use of blockchain tech by enterprises.

But what exactly makes VeChain unique? What does this blockchain have to
offer, and what drawbacks does it have? Let’s explore how VeChain works, who
it’s for, and more!

## What Is VeChain?

VeChain is a [layer 1
blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/layer-1-blockchain)
protocol that provides businesses with a low-carbon, highly scalable platform
to build and run [decentralized applications
(dApps)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-dapp). Ultimately, the goal
of this enterprise blockchain solution is to provide unparalleled transparency
into product supply chains, giving the power of information to product
stakeholders and the market at large.  

VeChain started as a supply chain management tool, using smart chips, Radio
Frequency Identification (RFID), and sensors to send product information to
its blockchain network. This makes it viewable for any authorized parties in
real time.

The platform has since expanded to provide a wider range of data solutions.
Some examples of major businesses that VeChain has partnered with include BMW,
Walmart China, and DNV GL. The company has also received significant
investment from PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) and lists Boston Consulting Group
(BCG) as a key strategic partner on some of its sustainability initiatives.

## Who Created VeChain?

Sunny Lu, a former chief information officer of Louis Vuitton China, co-
founded VeChain with Jay Zhang in 2015, launching it as a subsidiary of the
Chinese blockchain company Bitse.

In 2017, VeChain launched an initial coin offering (ICO) for 1 billion VEN
tokens on the Ethereum blockchain, successfully raising $20 million. In 2018,
VeChain moved from Ethereum to its own blockchain, the VeChainThor Blockchain.
As part of this reform, VeChain conducted a token swap from VEN tokens to a
new native token, VET, at a ratio of 1:100.

VeChain’s philosophy is rooted in its belief in the power of efficient
collaboration. To that end, it aims to give businesses, governments, and
individuals a highly scalable and transparent blockchain network designed for
fast and secure data transfer.

## VeChain’s Native Cryptocurrencies

VeChain’s economic model features two native tokens: VET, which functions as a
store of value, and VTHO, which is used to pay for fees on the network. The
project’s aim with this approach is to separate the cost of using the network
from market speculation.

Like most cryptocurrencies, VET can be subject to a high degree of price
volatility. Using an entirely different coin to power the network gives
VeChain the ability to keep its network fees stable, as it can always adjust
the supply of VTHO.

### **What is VET coin?**

VeChain Token (VET) is one of the native tokens of VeChain and serves multiple
purposes, such as storing and transferring value across the network and
enabling stakeholder voting. Moreover, VET holders also [receive VTHO
tokens](https://support.vechain.org/support/solutions/articles/103000099158-how-
to-stake-vechain-vet-) as rewards. To start earning VTHO, one just needs to
hold VET in an official wallet.

### **What is VTHO coin?**

Much like how the Ethereum blockchain uses ETH as gas, the VTHO coin is the
fuel that powers transactions and smart contracts on the VeChainThor
blockchain. The token is generated by holding VET, the rate of which can be
changed by the VeChain Foundation (along with the required amount for the
transaction) to keep transaction fees stable.

## How Does VeChain Work?

Now, let’s take a look under the hood of the VeChain blockchain, which has two
main components:

### **Proof of Authority Consensus Mechanism**

VeChain utilizes the Proof of Authority (PoA) [consensus
mechanism,](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-
blockchains-secure) where validators earn their position through a combination
of a financial stake, and by divulging their identity.

This is unlike the [Proof-of-Work (PoW)
mechanism](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-work),
where miners compete to solve complex mathematical puzzles, and the [Proof-of-
Stake (PoS) mechanism](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-
proof-of-stake), where the selection of validators is usually based on the
size and duration of their stake.

PoA is neither energy-intensive nor does it require a minimum number of
[validators](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-blockchain-validator) to
reach a consensus. However, because PoA is partially based on reputation, the
identity of holders must be revealed so that they remain accountable for their
activities and obligations to the ecosystem.

In VeChain, the users responsible for verifying transactions are known as
Authority Masternodes. The VeChain Foundation only selects 101 such
[nodes](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-
operate-one). Furthermore, to qualify as an authority masternode, users must
stake a minimum of 25 million VET, own dedicated hardware for blockchain
validation, and – notably – undergo a full [KYC
procedure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/know-your-customer-kyc).

These nodes are rewarded with 30% of all VTHO generated from transaction fees
and receive 30% of all voting power.

### **Meta-Transaction Features**

The VechainThor blockchain network utilizes meta-transaction features to help
make it more user-friendly for enterprise adoption. It comprises of:

**Fee delegation:** VeChain uses what it calls “flexible transaction fee
schemes”. These are essentially options for multi-party payment. For example,
users can add an account controlled by a smart contract that is purely for
paying VeChain’s network [gas
fees](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-gas-fees).

**Controllable transaction lifecycle:** VeChain’s transaction model has
certain features that allow its users to set expiration dates for their
transactions. In other words, a user can set up a transaction to expire if it
doesn’t get processed by a certain time.

**Clauses (Multi-task transaction):** This feature allows VeChain users to
carry out multiple payments with one transaction

**Transaction dependency:** Similarly to setting a lifecycle on a transaction,
Vechain users can set up their transactions so that they are only executed if
a related transaction gets completed.

## Advantages of VeChain

Now, let’s take a look at the pros of this blockchain protocol:

### **Improves Transparency in The Supply Chain**

VeChain is a transparent and immutable blockchain, which makes it particularly
useful in supply chain management. It is particularly well-known for tracking
the movement of goods across industries.

In supply chain management, VeChain uses smart chips (NFC), radio frequency
identification (RFID) tags, and QR Codes to identify and monitor a product’s
progress and send information in real-time. It stores data collected at every
step of the journey, allowing all parties involved, including end users, to
track and verify it, thereby enhancing product authenticity and boosting
consumer confidence.

### **Handles Complex dApps at Enterprise-Grade Speeds**

By utilizing the reputation-based PoA model, where 101 authority nodes take on
the responsibility for achieving consensus, VeChain ensures quicker consensus
compared to other networks. Limiting the number of validators further helps
VeChain achieve the high level of scalability that enterprises require.

Additionally, VeChain’s smart contract capability enables it to manage
applications efficiently. To facilitate this, the protocol offers VORJ, a
platform allowing anyone to create smart contracts tailored to specific
requirements without coding. This approach simplifies the smart contract
creation process and removes the technical barriers to creating dApps.

### **Provides Support for ICOs**

By supporting ICOs, VeChain allows companies to issue their own tokens on its
blockchain. This way, enterprises can easily create digital currencies for
market trading. With VeChain, businesses also have the flexibility to generate
both fungible and [non-fungible tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-
are-nft), further streamlining the process through the use of toolkits and
APIs.

## Disadvantages of VeChain

### **The System Is Centralized**

As explained above, VeChain only has its 101 authority master nodes
contributing to its consensus. Compare this to Bitcoin, which has 10s of
thousands of nodes. Narrowing down its need for consensus in this way makes
VeChain highly scalable, but it also means that the network is highly
centralized.

Centralized systems inherently have [some
issues](https://www.ledger.com/money-heist-what-does-centralization-and-
decentralization-mean-for-money). After all, this is what led to the
decentralized ethos of crypto in the first place. By definition, having a
smaller number of nodes to validate transactions means that the system could
be more susceptible to attacks than it might otherwise be. It also opens up
the possibility of collusion among some nodes, resulting in actions that don’t
benefit the entire network.

However, VeChain’s Proof of Authority system means that its authority master
nodes have a strong incentive to behave appropriately. Not only do they have a
significant financial stake in the network, but they also have to submit their
identity, making it easy to track them down if they were to act out of turn.

### **The System Disadvantages Non-KYC Holders**

As mentioned above, the VeChain network requires anyone wanting to act as an
authority master node to disclose their identity and undergo a full KYC
verification. While designed to keep the system secure, this obviously
disadvantages VeChain users who forego KYC and stay anonymous.

It’s important to note that users without KYC can act as economic nodes – the
nodes partially responsible for keeping authority master nodes in check. That
said, economic nodes receive much less voting power than master nodes. In
fact, holders of at least 1 million VET tokens with no KYC get 20% of all
votes, while KYC holders with the same amount of tokens get 30% of votes.

## Access VeChain with a Ledger Wallet

  1. Download [Sync Wallet](https://env.vechain.org/) from VeChain and install it.
  2. Open up Sync and click “Create Now”, or connect it to your Ledger VET account.
  3. Open the VeChain app on your Ledger device, then click on the “Ledger” button in Sync wallet.
  4. Name your wallet, then click “import”. Your VET accounts will appear on a dashboard, and you can start receiving VeChain tokens from there.

_Head over to_[ _Ledger Support_](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/13872334206749-Storing-and-managing-VET-and-VeChain-tokens-with-
your-Ledger-and-Sync?docs=true) _for the full breakdown of how to manage
VeChain tokens with Ledger._

## The Power of Self-Custody, No Matter the Blockchain

All in all, regardless of whether you’re interested in the enterprise-friendly
benefits of VeChain, or any other Layer 1 blockchain, self-custody remains the
most reliably secure way to interact with cryptocurrency. Using a Ledger
device you can easily manage your [VeChain wallet
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/vechain)and even stake your VET tokens.  
So what are you waiting for? Put the power back in your own hands by picking
up a [Ledger device](https://shop.ledger.com/), and experience what it means
to explore the decentralized world with the utmost confidence.

**Gaurav Roy**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Gaurav began writing professionally in 2017. Since then, he has assisted over
100 companies in a variety of domains, including e-commerce, blockchain,
cybersecurity, online marketing, and a lot more. He is also keen on learning a
new skill every year. In his free time, he likes playing games on his Xbox and
scrolling through Quora.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20VeChain%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-vechain
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain&title=What%20Is%20VeChain%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-proof-
of-stake-npos)

[What Is Nominated Proof of Stake
(NPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-
proof-of-stake-npos)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-
secure)

[Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay
Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-
blockchains-secure)

__Read

7 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-tezos)

[What Is Tezos?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-
tezos)

__Read

6 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=18561aa3-5987-4d6b-add8-049a35e2fb0e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=9cb26b70-ccf9-497b-8073-a8a6e18a0200&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-
vechain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=18561aa3-5987-4d6b-add8-049a35e2fb0e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=9cb26b70-ccf9-497b-8073-a8a6e18a0200&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=e611ed75-6fb4-435b-942d-2553180f0d4d&sid=3c9389e01cfd11efa5cb696322f5af8b&vid=3c938bd01cfd11efabaa7dc59f61c41e&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20VeChain%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-vechain&r=&lt=2016&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=55798)

