[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L2hvdy10by1pbnZlc3QtaW4tdGhlLWRlZmktc3BhY2UtNDIxNDk5ODI0Njg0OTAzODEzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L2hvdy10by1pbnZlc3QtaW4tdGhlLWRlZmktc3BhY2UtNDIxNDk5ODI0Njg0OTAzODEzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How To Invest In The DeFi Space

2022-05-05

## Main Takeaways:

  * Decentralized finance (DeFi) is flexible, fast, pseudonymous, and most importantly, open to all. 

  * DeFi coins provide crypto users with access to a number of bank services such as loans, lending, and insurance on the blockchain.

  * DeFi aims to create open-source, permissionless, and transparent financial markets that are inclusive and accessible.

_You’ve probably heard of the term DeFi thrown around in conversations about
crypto and blockchain. But what exactly is DeFi, and how does it impact our
everyday finances?  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220513/a2c21c16-11be-4955-8b58-08cf3c1ada07.png)

[Decentralized finance](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/defi) (DeFi)
is a sector that has the potential to disrupt the traditional financial
industry with blockchain-based financial applications and services.

Now that the DeFi space has witnessed a staggering growth in the past two
years, there are DeFi alternatives for many traditional finance services, and
many more are emerging rapidly.  

Keep on reading to learn about the basics of DeFi, its potential, and how you
can add DeFi coins to your portfolio with
[Binance](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4).

What is DeFi?Short for decentralized finance, DeFi refers to an ecosystem of
financial applications built on top of blockchain networks. DeFi uses
[cryptocurrencies](https://www.binance.com/en/markets) and [smart
contracts](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-smart-contracts)
to provide transparent financial services that can operate without any central
authority. DeFi is open for anyone to join, as long as they have a [crypto
wallet](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/crypto-wallet-types-explained)
and some cryptocurrencies. Moreover, most DeFi ecosystems have their own coin
that powers their unique native blockchain network.

## What Are DeFi Coins?

DeFi coins represent a class of cryptocurrencies native to automated,
decentralized platforms that use smart contracts. These coins give its holder
access to a range of financial applications and services built on the
blockchain. DeFi coins also have various utilities in their native networks.
For example, some DeFi coins act as governance tokens, granting voting rights
to and management power to users who hold them, and in many cases, holders can
stake their coins to receive rewards.

## Why is DeFi important?

DeFi has the potential to create open-source, permissionless and fair
financial markets that are inclusive and accessible to anyone with an internet
connection. The transactions are transparent and verified by other users on
the network. In addition, data on the blockchain are tamper-proof, secure and
auditable. Users can maintain full control over their assets and interact with
the DeFi ecosystem via peer-to-peer (P2P), decentralized apps
([DApps](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/decentralized-application)).

## Use Cases of DeFi

Here are some of the most notable ways people are engaging with DeFi today:

**Borrowing and lending****:** Open lending protocols make borrowing and
lending cheaper, faster, and available to more people. Moreover, decentralized
borrowing and lending have many advantages. For example, you can settle
transactions instantly, collateralize digital assets, and there are no credit
checks.

**Asset management****:** Many DeFi protocols offer tools to help users manage
their assets. As a result, you can earn interest and rewards. Moreover, DeFi
allows you to keep your personal data private.

**Decentralized exchanges (DEX):****** These platforms let you trade digital
assets without needing a trusted intermediary, like an exchange, to hold your
funds. The advantages of a DEX include lower fees and users have total control
over their assets.

**Stablecoins****:** A class of cryptocurrency tied to a real-world asset to
reduce volatility, [stablecoins](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/what-is-
a-stablecoin-heres-where-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903322) are
intimately weaved into the DeFi space. As cryptocurrency prices can fluctuate
rapidly at times, stablecoins allow users to prote avoid losses in periods of
increased market volatility. To minimize risk, always use stable coins backed
1:1 with equivalent fiat currency.

**Blockchain games:****** Decentralized gaming is one of the more popular
applications of the blockchain ecosystem. Popular [play-to-earn
gaming](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-play-to-earn-and-how-
to-cash-out) DApps like Axie Infinity rewards players with exciting gameplay
and financial incentives, turning playtime into a revenue stream.

## Benefits of DeFi

### Flexible and fast

You can make trades and move your assets wherever you want, without having to
wait for bank transfers or pay conventional bank fees. Moreover, transactions
are in real-time, and interest rates are updated multiple times every few
minutes.

### Permissionless and inclusive

One of the main benefits of DeFi is the easy access to financial services.
Anyone with a crypto wallet and an internet connection can access DeFi
services.

### Transparent

Thanks to blockchain technology, DeFi data is tamper-proof, secure, and
auditable. Every transaction on the blockchain can be seen and verified by
other users on the network.

### Users can maintain control of their assets

DeFi applications do not need any intermediaries or arbitrators. Users can
maintain control over their funds at all times within the ecosystem through
[non-custodial crypto
wallets](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/custodial-vs-non-custodial-
wallets-what-s-the-difference) or via smart contract-based escrow – the escrow
holds the deposited tokens until the payment conditions are satisfied.

## Popular DeFi Coins

[DeFi coins](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/coinInfo-defi) provide users
access to a range of financial services built on the blockchain. We’ve listed
the top 10 DeFi coins you can consider adding to your crypto portfolio:

  1. Uniswap ([UNI](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/UNI)), at a price of $4.88 and at a market cap of $3,378.18M* 

  2. Maker ([MKR](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/MKR_USDT)), at a price of $1,515.00 and at a market cap of $1,485.08M*

  3. Pancake Swap ([CAKE](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/CAKE)), at a price of $3.99 and at a market cap of $1,181.99M*

  4. Aave ([AAVE](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/AAVE_USDT)), at a price of $80.60 and at a market cap of $1,035.05M*

  5. THORChain ([RUNE](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/RUNE_USDT)), at a price of $3.12 and at a market cap of $2,476.54M*

  6. Klaytn ([KLAY](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/KLAY_USDT)), at a price of $0.35 and at a market cap of $1,011.53M*

  7. Convex Finance ([CVX](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/CVX)), at a price of $12.00 and at a market cap of $733.23M*

  8. Celo ([CELO](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/CELO_USDT)), at a price of $1.57 and at a market cap of $689.53M*

  9. Curve ([CRV](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/CRV_USDT)), at a price of $1.35 and at a market cap of $624.578M*

  10. Loopring ([LCR](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/LRC_USDT?theme=light&type=spot)), at a price of $0.41 and at a market cap of $555.17M*

* As of May 13th, 2022.

* This list is ranked by market cap and does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by Binance to buy or sell any currency.

## How To Buy DeFi Coins on Binance In 2 Steps

Interested in [buying DeFi coins](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-DeFi-tokens)
to diversify your crypto portfolio? Get started in minutes on Binance, the
largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume and user base. Follow our
two-step guide to buying DeFi coins on Binance below:

**Step 1:** Put in a [fiat
deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD) via an[ e-wallet
transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/other-
channel/buy/USD/BUSD/) or bank transfer on Binance. Make sure to check the
available[ fiat channels](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/EUR) for
your preferred currencies. For more information, see an in-depth guide on
“[How to Deposit USD via
SWIFT](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/f84427e36de641f59ed16e78fcc85679)”

**Optional:****** Convert the fiat currencies to
[BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BUSD) or
[USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/USDT) so that
you can trade a greater variety of coins.

**Step 2:****** Buy the DeFi coin of your choice through a user spot[
wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/main) purchase or with[ a
credit/debit card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR).

## Conclusion

Much of the technology in the DeFi space is designed to improve the
traditional finance system. This has the potential to create more open, free,
and fair financial markets that are accessible to anyone with access to the
Internet.

With the evolving innovations in the crypto and blockchain space, DeFi
applications will continue to grow and improve their financial structures,
potentially offering new products and services.

However, as DeFi is still in the beginning stages, it may still be prone to
vulnerabilities. As always remember to DYOR before buying and committing to
any DeFi coins.

**Ready to start your crypto journey with Binance?  **

Register for a [Binance account
](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the [Binance
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Once you
[verify](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile) your account, you can
buy cryptocurrencies on Binance using fiat in three ways: from Binance via
bank transfer, card channels or e-wallets options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220513/09d59126-9007-46da-8712-ea0a023c737e.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

_**Disclaimer:**__Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk.
Binance is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The statements made
in this article are for educational purposes only and should not be considered
financial advice_ _or an investment recommendation._

**Read the following articles for more information:  **

  * (Support)[ How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684903486)

  * (Blog) [Metaverse Tokens: What, Why and How To Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/metaverse-tokens-what-why-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903124)

  * (Blog) [Web 3.0 Coin: The Newest Crypto Trend in 2022](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/web-30-coin-the-newest-crypto-trend-in-2022-421499824684903194)

  * (Blog) [DAO Crypto Tokens: What, Why And How To Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/dao-crypto-tokens-what-why-and-how-to-buy-421499824684903289)

  * (Academy) [The Complete Beginner's Guide to Decentralized Finance (DeFi)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/the-complete-beginners-guide-to-decentralized-finance-defi)

195,058,160 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How To Invest In The DeFi Space

Main Takeaways:

What Are DeFi Coins?

Why is DeFi important?

Use Cases of DeFi

Benefits of DeFi

Popular DeFi Coins

How To Buy DeFi Coins on Binance In 2 Steps

Conclusion

195,058,160 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

