  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Trust Wallet Officially Becomes ISO Certified](/blog/trust-wallet-
officially-iso-certified)

##### Announcements

# Trust Wallet Officially Becomes ISO Certified

Published on: Feb 7, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding the ISO Certifications**

##### In Brief

Discover Trust Wallet's commitment to security and privacy with our official
ISO 27001 and 27701 certifications. Learn about our commitment to safety and
security.

![Trust Wallet Officially Becomes ISO
Certified](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fiso_certification_trust_525d77192b.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Key takeaways:

  * Trust Wallet becomes the first major self-custody Web3 wallet to receive ISO certifications

  * The two certifications received include ISO/IEC 27001:2022 and ISO/IEC 27701:2019

  * These ISO certifications adhere to internationally recognized privacy and security standards

We're thrilled to share some fantastic news that marks a significant milestone
in our journey. [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) has been
endorsed with the ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 certifications. This achievement is
a testament to our dedication to upholding the highest standards of security
and privacy in the crypto wallet space.

As a [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) and Web3
platform that's used by millions of people around the world, we understand the
immense responsibility we carry in ensuring the security and privacy of our
users' assets and information. This recent achievement of obtaining the ISO
27001 and ISO 27701 certifications isn’t just a mark of prestige, but a clear
indication of our unwavering commitment to our security foundations. We’re
dedicated to continuously upholding and enhancing these standards, providing
our users with the most secure and trustworthy platform in the digital asset
space.

## Understanding the ISO Certifications

**ISO/IEC 27001 Certification:** This endorsement is for our top-notch
information security management system. It's a seal of approval that we comply
with globally accepted practices for safeguarding your digital assets and
information.

**ISO/IEC 27701 Certification** : This certification acknowledges our
comprehensive privacy management system, ensuring that we align with
internationally recognized privacy norms. It's about keeping your personal
information secure and private, just the way it should be.

### Why This Matters to You

Achieving the ISO 27001 and ISO 27701 certifications goes beyond mere
recognition for Trust Wallet. These are symbols of our deep commitment to
keeping your digital assets and personal information secure. When you use
Trust Wallet, you can trust that we are upholding the highest standards of
security and privacy. We ensure that every transaction and every piece of
personal information is protected using advanced encryption and privacy
protocols.

The importance of these certifications is directly reflected in how we handle
your data. We aim to create a safe and reliable environment for you to manage
your digital assets. When you choose Trust Wallet, you are choosing a platform
committed to offering the most secure experience in the digital wallet space.
As a Trust Wallet u

### The Journey to Certification

Achieving these certifications involved a rigorous and detailed assessment
that spanned several months. This process, conducted by the esteemed security
and compliance firm A-LIGN, scrutinized every aspect of our security and
privacy measures. This thorough inspection underscores our dedication to
adhering to international standards in every facet of our operations.

### Our Ongoing Commitment

While we celebrate this milestone, our journey doesn't stop here. We will
continue to participate in regular audits and update our practices to stay
aligned with these prestigious certifications. Our goal is to continually
enhance our platform, ensuring Trust Wallet remains your safest and most
reliable choice for managing cryptocurrencies.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

