  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Layer 2 Tokens on Ethereum: A comparison](/blog/layer2-tokens-on-ethereum-a-
comparison)

##### Blockchain

# Layer 2 Tokens on Ethereum: A comparison

Published on: Apr 4, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Layer 2 Tokens?**
  * **Popular Ethereum Layer 2**
  * **How to Buy Layer 2 Tokens Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Learn about some of the most popular Layer 2 tokens on Ethereum. Discover what
they are, and how they contribute to the Ethereum ecosystem.

![Layer 2 Tokens on Ethereum: A
comparison](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Flayer2_tokens_ethereum_6bf4b1058f.png&w=3840&q=75)

Over the last decade, the Web3 space has experienced considerable growth. In
Ethereum’s case, this has uncovered scalability issues. These include high
transaction fees (gas fees), network congestion, and slow transaction speed.
To address this, over 40 Layer 2 solutions have emerged in the Ethereum
ecosystem. So in this article, we’ll explore some of the top Layer 2
blockchains, and more specifically, the tokens that power them.

### Before We Get Started

Before we explore Layer 2 tokens in more detail, it’s important to remember
that you can use a secure crypto wallet, such as Trust Wallet to buy, sell,
and manage Ethereum (ETH) and Layer 2 tokens.

You can also use Trust Wallet as your secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet). Download Trust Wallet as
a mobile app, or install the Trust Wallet Extension on your desktop browser.

![layer2-tokens-ethereum-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Flayer2_tokens_ethereum_2_ca17087f44.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What are Layer 2 Tokens?

Layer 2 tokens are digital currencies that work on Layer 2 solutions built on
top of existing blockchains, like [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-
wallet). Layer 2 solutions aim to address scalability issues and high
[Ethereum transaction fees](https://trustwallet.com/blog/the-impact-of-blobs-
on-ethereum-layer2-fees). This is undertaken by moving some of the
computational workload off of the main blockchain. This increases throughput
and reduces costs.

These tokens can represent various assets or functionalities. Layer 2 tokens
leverage techniques such as sidechains, state channels, rollups, or other off-
chain processing methods to improve efficiency, speed, and cost-effectiveness
of transactions and smart contract executions on the underlying blockchain
network.

Layer 2 tokens play a crucial role in expanding the utility and adoption of
blockchain technology by enabling faster and more affordable transactions.
Furthermore, Layer 2 tokens support a wide range of decentralized applications
(dApps) and use cases.

## Popular Ethereum Layer 2

Over the years, many Layer 2 tokens on
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-dencun-upgrade-explained)
have emerged. Each token catering to distinct audiences, use cases, or
scalability solutions. Let's explore some of the most popular Ethereum Layer 2
tokens:

### Polygon

[Polygon](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-polygon) is a
layer 2 protocol built on the Ethereum blockchain. Polygon stands out in the
Layer 2 landscape with its unique approach. Unlike some of its counterparts
that focus solely on rollup technology,
[Polygon](https://trustwallet.com/polygon-wallet) offers a multi-pronged
solution for scaling Ethereum.

Its core technology is Plasma, which enables the creation of sidechains. These
sidechains operate parallel to the Ethereum mainnet, handling transactions
off-chain for faster processing and lower fees. While Plasma forms the
foundation, Polygon embraces flexibility by offering optional integrations
with both Optimistic Rollups and zk-Rollups. This allows developers to choose
the scaling solution that best suits their specific needs.

Polygon helps alleviate congestion on the Ethereum network, enabling faster
and more cost-effective transactions. Its infrastructure facilitates the
creation of scalable decentralized applications (dApps) and supports
interoperability with other blockchain networks. Additionally, Polygon offers
a user-friendly environment for developers to build and deploy smart
contracts, fostering innovation and adoption within the Ethereum ecosystem.

### Arbitrum

[Arbitrum](https://trustwallet.com/arbitrum-wallet) is a layer 2 scaling
solution for Ethereum, designed to improve the network's scalability and
reduce transaction fees. Developed by Offchain Labs, Arbitrum utilizes a
unique approach called Optimistic Rollups to achieve these goals.

Optimistic Rollups allow for off-chain computation, where transactions are
processed and verified off the Ethereum mainnet. This results in faster
transaction finality and increased throughput. Once validated, the results are
securely settled on the Ethereum blockchain, maintaining the network's
security and decentralization.

Arbitrum brings several benefits to the Ethereum ecosystem, including improved
scalability by increasing transaction throughput while maintaining
compatibility with existing Ethereum smart contracts and dApps. Additionally,
it helps reduce transaction costs, making decentralized applications more
accessible and cost-effective for users.

### Optimism

[Optimism](https://trustwallet.com/optimism-wallet) is a layer 2 scaling
solution built on Ethereum, focusing on enhancing scalability and reducing
transaction costs. Developed by Optimism PBC, it utilizes Optimistic Rollups
to achieve its objectives.

Optimism brings several benefits to the Ethereum ecosystem. Optimism improves
scalability by increasing transaction throughput. This scalability enhancement
is crucial for supporting the growing demand for decentralized applications
(dApps) and reducing congestion on the Ethereum network.

Additionally, Optimism helps reduce transaction costs by offloading
computation from the Ethereum mainnet, making transactions more affordable for
users. Lower transaction fees make decentralized finance (DeFi) applications,
non-fungible tokens (NFTs), and other Ethereum-based services more accessible
to a broader audience.

### Starknet

[Starknet](https://trustwallet.com/starknet-wallet) is a layer 2 scaling
solution for Ethereum developed by StarkWare. It aims to enhance the
scalability and privacy of Ethereum while maintaining its security and
decentralization.

Starknet utilizes a technology called zk-STARKs (Zero-Knowledge Scalable
Transparent ARguments of Knowledge) to achieve its objectives. zk-STARKs allow
for efficient off-chain computation and data compression, enabling Starknet to
process large amounts of data off the Ethereum mainnet. Once validated, the
results are securely settled on the Ethereum blockchain.

Starknet brings several benefits to the Ethereum ecosystem. Starknet improves
scalability by increasing transaction throughput and reducing latency,
enabling Ethereum to handle a higher volume of transactions per second.

Additionally, Starknet enhances privacy by allowing users to interact with
smart contracts and perform transactions without revealing sensitive
information on the Ethereum mainnet. This privacy feature is particularly
valuable for applications requiring confidentiality, such as financial
transactions and identity management.

![layer2-tokens-ethereum-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Flayer2_tokens_ethereum_1_8b45a05c18.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Buy Layer 2 Tokens Using Trust Wallet

You can buy Layer 2 tokens, using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners.
Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired Layer 2 token. We choose Arbitrum of this example. Search “Arbitrum” or “ARB” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of ARB you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![layer2-tokens-ethereum-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Flayer2_tokens_ethereum_3_d654814fad.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

Layer 2 solutions play a vital role in addressing the scalability challenges
faced by the Ethereum ecosystem. As demonstrated by Polygon, Arbitrum,
Optimism, and Starknet, these solutions offer innovative technologies and
approaches to improve transaction throughput, reduce fees, and enhance user
experience on the Ethereum network.

The importance of Layer 2 solutions cannot be overstated. They enable Ethereum
to support a growing number of decentralized applications (dApps) and use
cases, making blockchain technology more accessible and practical for
developers and users alike. By offloading computation from the mainnet and
leveraging techniques such as sidechains, rollups, and zero-knowledge proofs,
Layer 2 solutions like those discussed here pave the way for Ethereum's
continued growth and evolution.

As always, remember to do your own research before interacting with any Layer
2 blockchain or token. And should you decide to explore Layer 2s, you can do
it conveniently with Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

