[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vaG93LXRvLWJ1eS9ldGhlcmV1bQ%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vaG93LXRvLWJ1eS9ldGhlcmV1bQ%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[Home](https://www.binance.com/en)

[How to buy crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/all-coins)

Buy Ethereum

![Ethereum
logo](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/128x128/1027.png)

# Where & How to Buy Ethereum (ETH) Guide

Page last updated: 2024-05-28 13:08 (UTC+0)

Get up to 100 USDT in trading fee rebate vouchers (for verified users)!

[Register
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

How to Buy

P2P Trading

Simple Earn

Want to buy crypto but don't know where to buy Ethereum? No worries! Binance
offers many options where you can easily buy several cryptocurrencies
including Ethereum, with the lowest fees and highest security.

  1. 1

Create a free account on the Binance website or the app.

Binance is a centralized exchange where you can buy several cryptocurrencies
including Ethereum. Before you can use the Binance platform, you'll need to
open an account and verify your identification.

     * Register via the Binance App
     * Register via the website using your email and mobile number
  2. 2

Choose how you want to buy the Ethereum asset.

Click on the "Buy Crypto" link on the top of the Binance website navigation to
know about the available options to buy Ethereum in your country.

For better coin compatibility, you can consider buying a stablecoin like USDT
first, and then use that coin to buy Ethereum.

    1. A. Buy Ethereum with Debit / Credit Card

If you are a new user, this is the easiest option to purchase Ethereum.

      1. Navigate to [buy Ethereum with USD](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/USD/ETH) page on Binance.
      2. Select Ethereum and USD from the dropdown menu.
      3. Choose "Card" as the payment method, and click "Confirm".
      4. "Add New Card" will appear if you have not purchased crypto in Binance using debit or credit card before. Click "Add New Card", enter card details and click "Confirm."
      5. On the payment confirmation page, verify details and confirm the order within the time limit. Use 'Refresh' for a new quote.
      6. Click "Confirm" to place your order.
      7. You will be redirected to your bank's OTP transaction page. Follow the instructions to verify the payment.
      8. Once verified, the coin will appear in your Spot Wallet.
    2. B. Buy Ethereum with Google Pay or Apple Pay

      1. Navigate to [buy Ethereum with USD](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/USD/ETH) page on Binance.
      2. Select Ethereum and USD from the dropdown menu.
      3. Choose either "Google Pay" or "Apple Pay" as your payment method and press "Confirm".
      4. Click the "Buy " button.
      5. On the payment confirmation page, verify details and confirm the order within the time limit. Use 'Refresh' for a new quote.
      6. Click "Confirm" to place your order.
      7. The coin will appear in your Spot Wallet.
    3. C. P2P Trading

Buy Ethereum directly from other users with Binance’s peer-to-peer service.

      1. Navigate to the Binance P2P page to buy Ethereum.
      2. Choose your preferred local currency, click on the "ETH" trading pairs, and select from a wide range of supported payment methods.
      3. Start trading as directed on the page. For more details on how to buy on Binance P2P, [click here](https://p2p.binance.com/en).
    4. D. Third Party Payment

There are multiple options for third-party payment channels. Please, visit the
Binance FAQ to check which ones are available in your region.

  3. 3

Check the payment details and fees.

You have 1 minute to confirm your order at the current price. After 1 minute,
your order will be recalculated based on the current market price. You can
click Refresh to see the new order amount.

  4. 4

Store or use your Ethereum in Binance.

Now that you bought your crypto, you can store it in your personal crypto
wallet or simply hold it in your Binance account. You can also trade for other
crypto or stake it on [Binance Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn) for
passive income. If you would like to trade your Ethereum to a decentralized
exchange you may want to check [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/) which
supports millions of assets and blockchains.

Want to keep tabs on coin prices? Visit our [coin price directory](/en/price)
to add to bookmark

![Ethereum
price](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1027.png)

## [ETH price](/en/price/ethereum)

$ 3,893.72 USD

-0.68%

(24H)

The live price of Ethereum is $ 3,893.72 per (ETH / USD) today with a current
market cap of $ 467.78B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 18.63B USD. Ethereum
to USD price is updated in real-time. Ethereum is -0.68% in the last 24 hours.
It has a circulating supply of 120.14M.

[Buy
Ethereum](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1FVEgmZmlhdD1VU0Q=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[🚀 Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/Currency)

[The Currency Analytics](/en/square/profile/Currency)

2 hours ago

[Ethereum’s Price Surge: Breaking Barriers and Setting Sail for New
HighsEthereum (ETH) is making waves once again, embarking on a remarkable
journey marked by significant price surges and bullish sentiment. As Ethereum
breaks free from previous constraints and charts a course towards uncharted
territory, investors and enthusiasts alike are captivated by its upward
trajectory and the promise of new highs. Let’s delve into the story behind
Ethereum’s recent surge and explore what lies ahead for this groundbreaking
digital asset.·  
  
For the full story, head over to
TheCurrencyAnalytics.com.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708600408130)

[](/en/square/profile/CryptoPotato_official)

[CryptoPotato](/en/square/profile/CryptoPotato_official)

2 hours ago

[ETH Price Fails to Challenge $4K Resistance but Promising Signs Appear:
Ethereum Price AnalysisEthereum’s price has recently experienced a massive
spike following the news of its ETF being approved.  
  
While the trend is bullish, there is still one obstacle left, as the asset has
failed to overcome the coveted $4,000 level.  
  
Technical Analysis  
  
By TradingRage  
  
The Daily Chart  
  
As the daily chart demonstrates, Ethereum’s price has been correcting in a
large descending channel for the last few months. Yet, the asset finally broke
the channel and the $3,600 resistance level to the upside last week, following
the ETF news.  
  
The market is currently testing the $4,000 resistance zone, with the Relative
Strength Index on the verge of entering the overbought region. While the RSI
values are worrying, the market could still break above $4,000 in the short
term before experiencing a potential pullback.  
  
The 4-Hour Chart  
  
On the 4-hour timeframe, it is evident that the market has begun to rally ever
since breaking above the channel’s midline and the $3,000 level. While the
market has been creating higher highs and lows recently, the RSI has been
creating lower highs, pointing to a potential bearish divergence.  
  
Yet, as long as the RSI remains above 50%, the momentum will be in favor of a
bullish continuation, and the price could break above the $4,000 mark.  
  
Sentiment Analysis  
  
By TradingRage  
  
Funding Rates  
  
Ethereum’s price is currently rallying aggressively toward the recent high of
$4,000. While it is likelier than before for ETH to break above $4,000 and
move toward a new all-time high, futures traders seem pessimistic, and this is
not a bad sign.  
  
This chart demonstrates the Ethereum funding rates. This metric is one of the
best futures market sentiment evaluation resources. Positive values indicate
bullish sentiment and negative ones are associated with a bearish atmosphere.  
  
While ETH’s price is currently testing the $4,000 resistance level, funding
rate values are significantly lower than what they were in March when the
price was once again around $4,000. This is a good sign, indicating that the
futures market is not overheated this time around, and there is a lower
probability for a long liquidation cascade compared to before.  
  
The post ETH Price Fails to Challenge $4K Resistance but Promising Signs
Appear: Ethereum Price Analysis appeared first on
CryptoPotato.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708292841769)

[](/en/square/profile/bitcoin)

[Bitcoin](/en/square/profile/bitcoin)

2 hours ago

[🇬🇧 The first UK [#Bitcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=Bitcoin)  ETPs are now
trading LIVE in London.  
[#Megadrop](/en/square/hashtag?q=Megadrop)
[#altcoins](/en/square/hashtag?q=altcoins)
[#BinanceLaunchpool](/en/square/hashtag?q=BinanceLaunchpool)
[#btc](/en/square/hashtag?q=btc) $BTC $ETH
](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8707615911209)

[](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

[Coinpedia](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

3 hours ago

[Turn $1,000 Into $100K When Ethereum Enters ‘The Banana Zone’!The post Turn
$1,000 into $100K When Ethereum Enters ‘The Banana Zone’! appeared first on
Coinpedia Fintech News  
  
Ethereum is making headlines again with its potential for massive gains. The
crypto bull run of 2024 has already kicked off, and investors are on high
alert. Discover how a strategic move now could turn a modest investment into a
substantial fortune. This article dives into the market signals and key
factors that suggest a golden opportunity is on the horizon. Get ready to
explore strategies that could lead to impressive returns in this booming
market.  
  
BlastUP Presale Enters Its Final Week: Last Chance to Buy $BLP At 35% Discount  
  
BlastUP’s triumphant presale is entering its final week. Launched only a few
months ago, the presale has achieved remarkable success, raising over $7
million and attracting more than 17,000 participants — and the numbers
continue to grow, as more investors hurry to buy $BLP before its price
increases.  
  
Holders of BlastUP tokens may benefit from a number of privileges including
participation in an Airdrop, exclusive loyalty rewards for participating in
IDOs, and the ability to earn interest through staking.  
  
The presale runs until the 31st of May, leaving just a few days to join this
groundbreaking launchpad platform that has already confirmed its robust
utility and dedication to community growth. The anticipated DEX listing price
for $BLP is set at $0.1, but the tokens are now available at a 35% discount,
priced at $0.065.  
  
NEAR Protocol Price Analysis and Future Outlook  
  
NEAR Protocol (NEAR) is currently in a price range of $7.31 to $8.35. Over the
past week, its price increased by 0.50%, and over the past month, it saw a
12.88% rise. Over the last six months, NEAR has surged by 329.27%, showing
significant growth.  
  
The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is at 45.17, indicating neutral momentum.
NEAR is currently experiencing corrective moves rather than impulsive ones.
The nearest resistance level is $8.88, while the nearest support level is
$6.80.  
  
Optimism (OP) Shows Steady Growth with Strong Support at $2.05  
  
Optimism (OP) is currently trading between $2.29 and $2.90. The coin has seen
a 6.40% increase over the past week and an 11.65% increase over the past
month, indicating steady growth. With a 52.10% rise in the last six months, it
shows a positive trend.  
  
The nearest support is at $2.05, and resistance is at $3.26. The RSI at 55.41
and MACD at 0.01 suggest the price might continue upward. The current move is
impulsive.  
  
Arbitrum (ARB) Price Overview: Poised for Growth or Retracement?  
  
Arbitrum (ARB) is trading in the range of $1.01 to $1.32. It has seen a 27.02%
increase over the past week and a 15.95% rise in the past month. Over six
months, ARB has climbed 21.37%. The Relative Strength Index is 51.76,
reflecting a balanced market.  
  
With the nearest resistance at $1.44 and support at $0.82, ARB is currently in
an impulsive move. Traders should watch for potential breakthroughs.  
  
Starknet (STRK) Price Overview and Prediction  
  
Starknet (STRK) is trading between $1.09 and $1.36. The price has surged by
24.78% in the past week and 13.27% over the month, showing impulsive moves.
The 10-day moving average is $1.31, while the 100-day moving average stands at
$1.25. Key resistance lies at $1.46, with support at $0.92. The RSI is at
58.56, indicating moderate strength. The six-month change of 552.93% suggests
strong upward momentum.  
  
Conclusion  
  
NEAR, OP, ARB, and STRK have less promise in the short term. BlastUP has the
highest potential. The project’s concept and its place in the Blast ecosystem
make it strong. This combination sets it apart, offering significant growth
opportunities. As the market advances, BlastUP could yield substantial
returns.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8707370152458)

[](/en/square/profile/CRPTOHOLICS)

[CRPTOHOLICS](/en/square/profile/CRPTOHOLICS)

3 hours ago

[$BTC $ETH LATEST UPDATE❓❓  
  
Bitcoin (BTC) has recently struggled to rise and maintain a position above the
69,100 area, suggesting a potential correction is forthcoming. Due to this
failure, it appears that we will have to wait longer for a bullish trend to
reestablish itself. There is a high probability that during the early part of
next week, we could see BTC prices drop to the 67,000 area or lower.  
  
A break below the 68,700 level would be a negative signal, though there is
some moderate support at the 68,500 area. It is expected that the BTC price
might fall to the 67,100 or even the 67,300 area before experiencing a bounce
back. However, if the price breaks below 66,500, it would indicate a further
bearish trend and could necessitate a retest of the rise from the 65,000 area.  
  
The Relative Strength Index (RSI) indicator also points to a necessary and
negative decline. Currently, the RSI is at 49.41, suggesting there is a
possibility of it falling to the 45.13 area. Entering the period from May 28
to May 29, BTC might drop to the 67,100 area before bouncing back up to the
69,000 to 74,000 range.  
  
Similarly, Ethereum (ETH) appears to be on the verge of a decline, despite the
RSI indicator suggesting a target of 3,950. So far, market conditions look
negative, including the lack of liquidity rise accompanying the penetration of
the 2,507 area. It is therefore expected that ETH could fall to the 2,478
area.  
  
The peak at 2,520 remains a critical resistance level; breaching this level
would indicate a potential upward movement. Additionally, the dominance of the
USDT continues to increase, recently pausing around the 4.48 area, with aims
to rise towards the 4.50 to 4.55 range.  
  
Traders should exercise caution around the 4.50 level, as breaking through it
could lead to significant price damage, and the market does not yet seem
prepared for a move above the 4.60 to 4.70 area.  
  
In summary, for both BTC and ETH, there are key support and resistance levels
to monitor closely. The upcoming period will likely see fluctuations within
these ranges.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8707237038657)

How to Buy Other Coins

## Binance: Where The World Trades Ethereum

### Fast

Binance’s world-class matching engine ensures that your crypto trading
experience is quick and reliable.

### Simple

Trading crypto on Binance is easy and intuitive. You only need a few steps to
buy Ethereum.

### Secure & Trusted

Millions of global crypto users trust us. Our multi-tier & multi-cluster
system architecture and SAFU (Secure Assets Fund for Users) insurance fund
protect your account.

### Liquid

Binance is the world’s most liquid cryptocurrency exchange, with the biggest
volumes across multiple crypto pairs.

## Start buying ETH

If you’re ready to take the next step and want to buy some Ethereum, take the
next step with Binance!

[Start
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1FVEgmZmlhdD1VU0Q=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility.
You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you
understand the associated risks. The content expressed on this page is not
intended to be and shall not be construed as an endorsement by Binance about
the reliability or accuracy of such content. You should carefully consider
your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and
risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making
any investment. This material should not be construed as financial advice.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value
of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the
amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions.
Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur. For more information,
please refer to our [Terms of Use](/en/terms) and [Risk Warning](/en/risk-
warning).

Please also note that data relating to the above-mentioned cryptocurrency
presented here (such as its current live price) are based on third party
sources. They are presented to you on an “as is” basis and for informational
purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind. Links provided
to third-party sites are also not under Binance’s control. Binance is not
responsible for the reliability and accuracy of such third-party sites and
their contents.

![Ethereum
price](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1027.png)

## [ETH price](/en/price/ethereum)

$ 3,893.72 USD

-0.68%

(24H)

The live price of Ethereum is $ 3,893.72 per (ETH / USD) today with a current
market cap of $ 467.78B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 18.63B USD. Ethereum
to USD price is updated in real-time. Ethereum is -0.68% in the last 24 hours.
It has a circulating supply of 120.14M.

[Buy
Ethereum](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1FVEgmZmlhdD1VU0Q=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[🚀 Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/Currency)

[The Currency Analytics](/en/square/profile/Currency)

2 hours ago

[Ethereum’s Price Surge: Breaking Barriers and Setting Sail for New
HighsEthereum (ETH) is making waves once again, embarking on a remarkable
journey marked by significant price surges and bullish sentiment. As Ethereum
breaks free from previous constraints and charts a course towards uncharted
territory, investors and enthusiasts alike are captivated by its upward
trajectory and the promise of new highs. Let’s delve into the story behind
Ethereum’s recent surge and explore what lies ahead for this groundbreaking
digital asset.·  
  
For the full story, head over to
TheCurrencyAnalytics.com.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708600408130)

[](/en/square/profile/CryptoPotato_official)

[CryptoPotato](/en/square/profile/CryptoPotato_official)

2 hours ago

[ETH Price Fails to Challenge $4K Resistance but Promising Signs Appear:
Ethereum Price AnalysisEthereum’s price has recently experienced a massive
spike following the news of its ETF being approved.  
  
While the trend is bullish, there is still one obstacle left, as the asset has
failed to overcome the coveted $4,000 level.  
  
Technical Analysis  
  
By TradingRage  
  
The Daily Chart  
  
As the daily chart demonstrates, Ethereum’s price has been correcting in a
large descending channel for the last few months. Yet, the asset finally broke
the channel and the $3,600 resistance level to the upside last week, following
the ETF news.  
  
The market is currently testing the $4,000 resistance zone, with the Relative
Strength Index on the verge of entering the overbought region. While the RSI
values are worrying, the market could still break above $4,000 in the short
term before experiencing a potential pullback.  
  
The 4-Hour Chart  
  
On the 4-hour timeframe, it is evident that the market has begun to rally ever
since breaking above the channel’s midline and the $3,000 level. While the
market has been creating higher highs and lows recently, the RSI has been
creating lower highs, pointing to a potential bearish divergence.  
  
Yet, as long as the RSI remains above 50%, the momentum will be in favor of a
bullish continuation, and the price could break above the $4,000 mark.  
  
Sentiment Analysis  
  
By TradingRage  
  
Funding Rates  
  
Ethereum’s price is currently rallying aggressively toward the recent high of
$4,000. While it is likelier than before for ETH to break above $4,000 and
move toward a new all-time high, futures traders seem pessimistic, and this is
not a bad sign.  
  
This chart demonstrates the Ethereum funding rates. This metric is one of the
best futures market sentiment evaluation resources. Positive values indicate
bullish sentiment and negative ones are associated with a bearish atmosphere.  
  
While ETH’s price is currently testing the $4,000 resistance level, funding
rate values are significantly lower than what they were in March when the
price was once again around $4,000. This is a good sign, indicating that the
futures market is not overheated this time around, and there is a lower
probability for a long liquidation cascade compared to before.  
  
The post ETH Price Fails to Challenge $4K Resistance but Promising Signs
Appear: Ethereum Price Analysis appeared first on
CryptoPotato.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708292841769)

[](/en/square/profile/bitcoin)

[Bitcoin](/en/square/profile/bitcoin)

2 hours ago

[🇬🇧 The first UK [#Bitcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=Bitcoin)  ETPs are now
trading LIVE in London.  
[#Megadrop](/en/square/hashtag?q=Megadrop)
[#altcoins](/en/square/hashtag?q=altcoins)
[#BinanceLaunchpool](/en/square/hashtag?q=BinanceLaunchpool)
[#btc](/en/square/hashtag?q=btc) $BTC $ETH
](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8707615911209)

[](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

[Coinpedia](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

3 hours ago

[Turn $1,000 Into $100K When Ethereum Enters ‘The Banana Zone’!The post Turn
$1,000 into $100K When Ethereum Enters ‘The Banana Zone’! appeared first on
Coinpedia Fintech News  
  
Ethereum is making headlines again with its potential for massive gains. The
crypto bull run of 2024 has already kicked off, and investors are on high
alert. Discover how a strategic move now could turn a modest investment into a
substantial fortune. This article dives into the market signals and key
factors that suggest a golden opportunity is on the horizon. Get ready to
explore strategies that could lead to impressive returns in this booming
market.  
  
BlastUP Presale Enters Its Final Week: Last Chance to Buy $BLP At 35% Discount  
  
BlastUP’s triumphant presale is entering its final week. Launched only a few
months ago, the presale has achieved remarkable success, raising over $7
million and attracting more than 17,000 participants — and the numbers
continue to grow, as more investors hurry to buy $BLP before its price
increases.  
  
Holders of BlastUP tokens may benefit from a number of privileges including
participation in an Airdrop, exclusive loyalty rewards for participating in
IDOs, and the ability to earn interest through staking.  
  
The presale runs until the 31st of May, leaving just a few days to join this
groundbreaking launchpad platform that has already confirmed its robust
utility and dedication to community growth. The anticipated DEX listing price
for $BLP is set at $0.1, but the tokens are now available at a 35% discount,
priced at $0.065.  
  
NEAR Protocol Price Analysis and Future Outlook  
  
NEAR Protocol (NEAR) is currently in a price range of $7.31 to $8.35. Over the
past week, its price increased by 0.50%, and over the past month, it saw a
12.88% rise. Over the last six months, NEAR has surged by 329.27%, showing
significant growth.  
  
The Relative Strength Index (RSI) is at 45.17, indicating neutral momentum.
NEAR is currently experiencing corrective moves rather than impulsive ones.
The nearest resistance level is $8.88, while the nearest support level is
$6.80.  
  
Optimism (OP) Shows Steady Growth with Strong Support at $2.05  
  
Optimism (OP) is currently trading between $2.29 and $2.90. The coin has seen
a 6.40% increase over the past week and an 11.65% increase over the past
month, indicating steady growth. With a 52.10% rise in the last six months, it
shows a positive trend.  
  
The nearest support is at $2.05, and resistance is at $3.26. The RSI at 55.41
and MACD at 0.01 suggest the price might continue upward. The current move is
impulsive.  
  
Arbitrum (ARB) Price Overview: Poised for Growth or Retracement?  
  
Arbitrum (ARB) is trading in the range of $1.01 to $1.32. It has seen a 27.02%
increase over the past week and a 15.95% rise in the past month. Over six
months, ARB has climbed 21.37%. The Relative Strength Index is 51.76,
reflecting a balanced market.  
  
With the nearest resistance at $1.44 and support at $0.82, ARB is currently in
an impulsive move. Traders should watch for potential breakthroughs.  
  
Starknet (STRK) Price Overview and Prediction  
  
Starknet (STRK) is trading between $1.09 and $1.36. The price has surged by
24.78% in the past week and 13.27% over the month, showing impulsive moves.
The 10-day moving average is $1.31, while the 100-day moving average stands at
$1.25. Key resistance lies at $1.46, with support at $0.92. The RSI is at
58.56, indicating moderate strength. The six-month change of 552.93% suggests
strong upward momentum.  
  
Conclusion  
  
NEAR, OP, ARB, and STRK have less promise in the short term. BlastUP has the
highest potential. The project’s concept and its place in the Blast ecosystem
make it strong. This combination sets it apart, offering significant growth
opportunities. As the market advances, BlastUP could yield substantial
returns.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8707370152458)

[](/en/square/profile/CRPTOHOLICS)

[CRPTOHOLICS](/en/square/profile/CRPTOHOLICS)

3 hours ago

[$BTC $ETH LATEST UPDATE❓❓  
  
Bitcoin (BTC) has recently struggled to rise and maintain a position above the
69,100 area, suggesting a potential correction is forthcoming. Due to this
failure, it appears that we will have to wait longer for a bullish trend to
reestablish itself. There is a high probability that during the early part of
next week, we could see BTC prices drop to the 67,000 area or lower.  
  
A break below the 68,700 level would be a negative signal, though there is
some moderate support at the 68,500 area. It is expected that the BTC price
might fall to the 67,100 or even the 67,300 area before experiencing a bounce
back. However, if the price breaks below 66,500, it would indicate a further
bearish trend and could necessitate a retest of the rise from the 65,000 area.  
  
The Relative Strength Index (RSI) indicator also points to a necessary and
negative decline. Currently, the RSI is at 49.41, suggesting there is a
possibility of it falling to the 45.13 area. Entering the period from May 28
to May 29, BTC might drop to the 67,100 area before bouncing back up to the
69,000 to 74,000 range.  
  
Similarly, Ethereum (ETH) appears to be on the verge of a decline, despite the
RSI indicator suggesting a target of 3,950. So far, market conditions look
negative, including the lack of liquidity rise accompanying the penetration of
the 2,507 area. It is therefore expected that ETH could fall to the 2,478
area.  
  
The peak at 2,520 remains a critical resistance level; breaching this level
would indicate a potential upward movement. Additionally, the dominance of the
USDT continues to increase, recently pausing around the 4.48 area, with aims
to rise towards the 4.50 to 4.55 range.  
  
Traders should exercise caution around the 4.50 level, as breaking through it
could lead to significant price damage, and the market does not yet seem
prepared for a move above the 4.60 to 4.70 area.  
  
In summary, for both BTC and ETH, there are key support and resistance levels
to monitor closely. The upcoming period will likely see fluctuations within
these ranges.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8707237038657)

How to Buy Other Coins

Advertisers| Price| Limit/Available| Payment Method| Trade0 Fee  
---|---|---|---|---  
a[afcrypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=sf55cdc251e6a39619252cf695ca42ca7&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)338 order(s)+98.00%Completion| 4,010.34USD|
AvailableLimit0.19012 ETH$ 10.00 - $ 762.44| AirTMPayeerZinli| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI1OTMyOTE4MjQ0OTE3ODIxNDQ=)  
C[CHOCOLIFESTYLE](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=s8b3e0ce43ab03f61b1730ed20c8a4dc0&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)716 order(s)+86.00%Completion| 4,010.34USD|
AvailableLimit0.039888 ETH$ 50.00 - $ 159.96| Banesco PanamaZinliWally
TechAirTMMony| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI2MjgxODk2NjE1MzA1NDIwODA=)  
Q[QuickCryptoChange](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=se41b14ed044435d4b1edce749a0a3410&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)417 order(s)+99.80%Completion| 4,088.21USD|
AvailableLimit0.598534 ETH$ 20.00 - $ 2,446.93| AirTM| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI2MTEzODA4NzkwNTU0MDkxNTI=)  
C[CHOCOLIFESTYLE](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=s8b3e0ce43ab03f61b1730ed20c8a4dc0&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)716 order(s)+86.00%Completion| 4,088.21USD|
AvailableLimit0.04986 ETH$ 50.00 - $ 203.83| AirTM| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI2Mjc2OTI3NDMzMDEyMjY0OTY=)  
M[M M
Aly](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=se76ee159f59f33e88781ad36668c5616&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)18 order(s)+100.00%Completion| 4,146.61USD|
AvailableLimit1.322181 ETH$ 100.00 - $ 2,000.00| AirTM| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTE0NTg2NjI2MDQyODI0NDU4MjQ=)  
Q[QuickCryptoChange](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=se41b14ed044435d4b1edce749a0a3410&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)417 order(s)+99.80%Completion| 4,205.01USD|
AvailableLimit1.296823 ETH$ 100.00 - $ 5,453.15| Scotiabank PeruCredit Bank of
PeruBanco de CreditoInterbankBank Transfer Peru| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI1ODEwMzc0MjQ1MTQ0MjA3MzY=)  
F[FredEx_Group](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=6596658b01174b418ab67223867b56fb&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)408 order(s)+99.60%Completion| 4,263.42USD|
AvailableLimit0.041088 ETH$ 69.00 - $ 175.17| Banesco PanamaZinliBanco General
PanamaBanistmo PanamaWally Tech| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI1ODgxMzM0ODkwMjcxOTA3ODQ=)  
I[IBEROGESTION](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=sd1ab9dbd628c39b4a7a2139c429bff70&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)995 order(s)+99.20%Completion| 4,263.42USD|
AvailableLimit0.192561 ETH$ 100.00 - $ 800.00| ZinliBanco General Panama| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI2MTUxNjk3NjUzNzQ2ODkyODA=)  
C[Cryptolove2024](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=s248a82d3e4893c75bc3a2d837b556abe&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)1528 order(s)+95.00%Completion| 4,272.06USD|
AvailableLimit0.07438 ETH$ 50.00 - $ 299.00| Banco del pacificoBanco
GuayaquilProdubancoBanco Pichincha| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI2MDgwOTg2OTI5MTA3Mzk0NTY=)  
A[AbCrypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en/advertiserDetail?advertiserNo=s4cd5e11d961f35198cf07fb3371c12e3&utm_source=how_to_buy)![merchant-
type](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/icon-
authentication.svg)29 order(s)+96.70%Completion| 4,274.32USD|
AvailableLimit1.019387 ETH$ 150.00 - $ 4,357.18| Skrill
(Moneybookers)NetellerZinliBank Transfer| [Buy
ETH](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly9wMnAuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWR2P2NvZGU9MTI1OTMyODg2OTM0NDc0NTQ3MjA=)  
  
[See More Offers](https://p2p.binance.com/en/trade/all-
payments/ETH?fiat=USD&utm_source=how_to_buy)

### Subscribe Now and Start Earning

Coin| APR| Duration (Days)| Auto-Subscribe|  
---|---|---|---|---  
![ETH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1027.png)ETH![bonus tag](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/seo/how-to-buy/bonus.svg)| 0.71%+0.25%| Flexible| | [Subscribe](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb21odHRwczovL3d3dy5iaW5hbmNlLmNvbS9lbi9zaW1wbGUtZWFybj9hc3NldD1FVEg=&registerChannel=SEO_page)  
  
[See More Offers](/en/simple-earn?utm_source=how_to_buy)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

