[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbi9ldGhlcmV1bQ%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbi9ldGhlcmV1bQ%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[Home](/en)

[Price Prediction](/en/price-prediction)

Ethereum Price Prediction

![Ethereum Price
Prediction](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/128x128/1027.png)

# Ethereum (ETH) Price Prediction

How much will Ethereum (ETH) be worth in 2025, 2026, 2027, up to 2030? Check
out other opinions on price targets and project confidence levels — known as a
Consensus Rating — when deciding on your own price targets. Data displayed are
based on user input and not Binance's opinion.

Ready to buy ETH? Binance accepts a wide range of currencies, making it easy
for you to buy crypto using USD, EUR, CNY, AUD, INR, and other fiat
currencies. Here are the [buying guides for all available tokens on
Binance](/en/how-to-buy).

[Buy
Ethereum](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vY3J5cHRv&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Price Target on Ethereum (ETH)

### $ 3,867.77

-1.64%

(24H)

Enter your price growth prediction

%

Calculate Prediction

* All price predictions are based on user input. Binance does not contribute to or influence any of the price predictions on this page.

Visualize your price target on a graph with the Price Prediction Graph tool
below. Simply enter your prediction for Ethereum’s growth in percentage, and
click ‘Calculate Prediction’.  
  
Please note that you can enter a negative or positive growth percentage.

Actual

Forecast

Page last updated: 2024-05-28 13:52 (UTC+0)

### Technical Analysis

Technical analysis is a useful tool for predicting trends on a chart. However,
recently many people have started trading with bots that have technical
analysis concepts programmed into them. Below is an automated report of where
the market is trending and which direction it may go at different time
intervals into the future. While this is a Ethereum price prediction based on
technicals, please do your own research and trade based on your own knowledge
and ability.

4 Hours

1 Day

1 Week

#### Moving Average

  1. On the four-hour time frame, Ethereum is currently trending bullish with the 50 day moving average currently sloping up.
  2. Ethereum’s 200 day moving average is sloping up and has been doing so since 5/23/2024 which means the trend is strong.
  3. On the four-hour time frame, if we were to give a Ethereum price prediction, it would be bearish considering the way the 50 day and 200 day moving averages are bullish.

#### Relative Strength Index

  1. Currently the RSI is within the 30-70 neutral zone, which indicates the price is trending neutral with the price being able to keep RSI in that state for a while.

#### Moving Average

  1. On the 1 day time frame, Ethereum is currently trending bullish with the 50 day moving average currently sloping up and below the current Ethereum price, which could act as a support the next time it interacts with it.
  2. Ethereum’s 200 day moving average is sloping up and has been doing so since 4/28/2024 which means the trend is strong.
  3. The 200 daily moving average is currently below the price, which means if price interacts with it again, it can potentially be used as a support to continue the trend.
  4. On the 1 day time frame, if we were to give a Ethereum price prediction, it would be bearish considering the way the 50 day and 200 day moving averages are bullish.

#### Relative Strength Index

  1. Currently the RSI is above the 30-70 neutral zone, which indicates the price is trending overbought with the price being able to keep RSI in that state for a while.

#### Moving Average

  1. On the weekly time frame, Ethereum is currently trending bullish with the 50 day moving average currently sloping up and below the current Ethereum price, which could act as a support the next time it interacts with it.
  2. Ethereum’s 200 day moving average is sloping up and has been doing so since 10/31/2023 which means the trend is strong.
  3. The 200 weekly moving average is currently below the price, which means if price interacts with it again, it can potentially be used as a support to continue the trend.
  4. On the weekly time frame, if we were to give a Ethereum price prediction, it would be bullish considering the way the 50 day and 200 day moving averages are trending.

#### Relative Strength Index

  1. Currently the RSI is within the 30-70 neutral zone, which indicates the price is trending neutral with the price being able to keep RSI in that state for a while.

## Daily Ethereum (ETH) Price Prediction For Today, Tomorrow, this Week, and
Next 30 Days

Based on your price prediction input for Ethereum, the value of ETH is
projected to increase by 5%, potentially reaching $ 3,883.31 in the next 30
days.

Year| Price  
---|---  
May 28, 2024| $ 3,867.77  
May 29, 2024| $ 3,868.28  
Jun 04, 2024| $ 3,871.39  
Jun 27, 2024| $ 3,883.31  
  
## Ethereum (ETH) Price Prediction 2030

According to **your** price prediction input for Ethereum, the value of ETH
may increase by +5% and reach $ 5,183.18 by 2030.

Year| Price  
---|---  
2024| $ 3,867.77  
2025| $ 4,061.16  
2026| $ 4,264.21  
2027| $ 4,477.42  
2030| $ 5,183.18  
  
## Current ETH Price

### $ 3,867.77

-1.64%

(24H)

The live price of Ethereum is $ 3,867.77 per (ETH / USD) today with a current
market cap of $ 464.66B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 18.90B USD. ETH to
USD price is updated in real-time. Ethereum is -1.64% in the last 24 hours. It
has a circulating supply of 120.14M.

Want to keep tabs on coin prices? Visit our [coin price directory](/en/price-
prediction) to add to bookmark.

Learn More

Content published on our Coin Prediction pages is based on information and
feedback provided to us by verified Binance users and/or other third party
sources. It is presented to you on an ‘as is’ basis for informational and
illustrative purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind.
The presented price prediction may not be accurate and should not be treated
as such. Future price may differ significantly from the presented prediction
and it should not be relied on. It should not be construed as financial
advice, nor is it intended to recommend the purchase of any specific product
or service. Binance shall not be liable to you in any way, for any losses that
you may incur arising from your reference to, use of, and/or reliance on any
content published on our Coin Prediction pages.

Please also be aware that digital asset prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you
may not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur.
Past performance is also not a reliable predictor of future performance. You
should only invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand
the risks.You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial
situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent
financial adviser prior to making any investment.

This material should not be construed as financial advice. For more
information, see our [Binance Terms of Use](/en/terms), [Risk
Warning](/en/risk-warning), and the specific _Terms and Conditions applicable
to this Users’ Coin Prediction Feature._

### Consensus Rating

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[🚀 Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/SCdeNostradame)

[Crypto De Nostradame](/en/square/profile/SCdeNostradame)

45 minutes ago

[Earning $59 Million in Seven Years, Ethereum Made the Right Move Again.  
  
An Ethereum whale, who has been present in the altcoin market for seven years,
traded at the right moment again.  
According to the post of Blockchain analysis platform Lookonchain, a smart
investor sold 3 thousand 25 Ethereum for 11.8 million DAI last night. Selling
them for $3,904 each, the whale made a profit of approximately $1.11 million.  
Ethereum price subsequently declined with the rest of the market, falling
below the $3,900 level, according to CoinGecko data.  
  
According to Etherscan records, the whale made its first transaction in April
2017. The name, which collected Ethereum at an average of 182 dollars per unit
between 2017-2020, sold them for 3 thousand 503 dollars on March 28, 2024 and
earned approximately 59 million dollars.  
$BTC $ETH ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8710766526706)

[](/en/square/profile/CryptoPress)

[CryptoPress](/en/square/profile/CryptoPress)

46 minutes ago

[Ethereum ETF Approval Fuels $6,000 Price Predictions By AnalystsAnalysts
predict Ethereum (ETH) prices could reach at least $6,000 after the approval
of Ethereum Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs).  
  
The approval of Ethereum ETFs is expected to drive a significant rally in
Ethereum’s value.  
  
Ethereum’s all-time high of $4,800 is seen as a benchmark that could be
surpassed.  
  
The market anticipates a 60% rally in Ethereum’s price following the ETF
approval.  
  
Ethereum ETF Approval Fuels $6,000 Price Predictions by Analysts  
  
In a major development for the cryptocurrency market, analysts are predicting
a significant price surge for Ethereum (ETH) following the approval of
Ethereum Exchange-Traded Funds (ETFs). The market is abuzz with expectations
that Ethereum prices could reach at least $6,000, a milestone that was
previously considered unattainable. This surge is anticipated to be driven by
the increased demand and mainstream acceptance that would come with the
approval of Ethereum ETFs.  
  
The approval of Ethereum ETFs is expected to be a game-changer for the world’s
second-largest cryptocurrency. Analysts are forecasting a significant rally in
Ethereum’s value, mirroring the market reaction seen with the approval of
Bitcoin ETFs earlier this year. The approval of Ethereum ETFs is seen as a
major catalyst that could propel Ethereum’s price to new heights.  
  
Ethereum’s all-time high of $4,800, set in November 2021, is seen as a
benchmark that could be surpassed. The market anticipates a 60% rally in
Ethereum’s price following the ETF approval, with some analysts predicting
even higher price targets. This bullish outlook is based on the anticipated
Bitcoin halving event in April 2024 and the increasing adoption of Ethereum in
decentralized finance (DeFi), non-fungible tokens (NFTs), gaming, and the
metaverse.  
  
The approval of Ethereum ETFs is seen as a major step towards the mainstream
adoption of Ethereum. ETFs are investment funds traded on stock exchanges,
making it easier for investors to buy and sell Ethereum. The approval of
Ethereum ETFs could lead to increased institutional investment in Ethereum,
driving up its price.  
  
The approval of Ethereum ETFs is expected to fuel a significant rally in
Ethereum’s price, with analysts predicting that Ethereum could reach at least
$6,000. This would represent a major milestone for Ethereum and could pave the
way for further price increases in the future. As the market anticipates the
approval of Ethereum ETFs, all eyes are on Ethereum and its potential to break
its all-time high of $4,800.  
  
The post Ethereum ETF Approval Fuels $6,000 Price Predictions by Analysts
appeared first on
Cryptopress.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8710749346546)

[](/en/square/profile/BlockchainReporter)

[BlockchainReporter](/en/square/profile/BlockchainReporter)

1 hour ago

[Four DEX Traders Earn $6.38M With Expert Swing TradingFour smart DEX traders
in 2024 showed superb swing trading skills and, on average, generated around
$1,579,500 by trading ETH/WBTC. These traders with addresses 0x4198, 0x761c,
0xac4c, and 0xdc1C, made these trades in the random market and made good
profits through proper entry and exit timing, according to Lookonchain.  
  
Share 4 smart DEX traders.They are good at swing trading and made a total of
～$6.38M by trading $ETH and $WBTC in 2024.0x4198 bought 2,489 $ETH($6M) at
$2,410 and sold 2,515 $ETH($7.12M) at $2,831, making $1.12M. 0x4198 bought 104
$WBTC($4.5M) at $43,426 and sold 104… pic.twitter.com/m15W7uml43  
  
— Lookonchain (@lookonchain) May 28, 2024  
  
DEX Traders 0x4198 and 0x761c Earn Over $2M from Profitable ETH and WBTC
Trades  
  
Formulating 2,489 ETH at $2,410 each for $6m and selling 2,515 ETH at $2,831
each totaling $7. 12m, bringing a trading profit of $1.12m, Trader 0x4198 made
considerable profit. Furthermore, 0x4198 purchases 104 WBTC at an average
price of $43,426 for $4. 5 million and sell the same amount for $4 880,000 at
an average price of $47 100 thus making an extra $380,000.  
  
Another remarkable performer was trader 0x761c, who bought 542 ETH for $1.78
million at $3,284 per ETH and selling 540 ETH for $2.8 million at $3,857 per
ETH and a profit of $303,000. In the WBTC market, 0x761c purchased 104 WBTC
for $4.49 million at $43,282 per WBTC and sold them for $4.8 million at
$46,245 per WBTC, making $307,000.  
  
DEX Traders 0xac4c and 0xdc1C Earn Combined $4.27M Through Strategic ETH and
WBTC Trades  
  
Trader 0xac4c was able to purchase 2029 ETH for 5$. 59 million at $2,755 per
ETH and sold 1,325 ETH for $4.5 million at $3,061 per ETH, while holding 702
ETH worth of $2.7 million, totaling a profit of $1.16 million. Also, 0xac4c
purchased 172 WBTC for $7.5 million at $43,708 per WBTC and sold them for $8.
Around 14 million at $47,455 per WBTC to make $643,000.  
  
Similarly, trader 0xdc1C made large trades in the form of buying 6,071 ETH for
$15.25 million at $2,512 per ETH and selling 5,605 ETH for $15.83 million at
$2,825 per ETH. As per Lookonchain, this trader kept 490 ETH equivalent to
$1.88 million, resulting in a total profit of $2.47 million.  
  
Ultimately, these traders have displayed high aptitude in the DEX market,
proving how profitable the market could be for those who engage in the right
trading of ETH and
WBTC.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8710135565321)

[](/en/square/profile/todayq)

[Todayq News](/en/square/profile/todayq)

1 hour ago

[Ethereum Dump Incoming? Here’s What On-chain Data ShowsIn this ongoing
bullish market sentiment, the crypto community is eagerly awaiting the launch
of a spot Ethereum ETF (Exchange Traded Fund). Amid this anticipation, a
report from an on-chain analytic firm has garnered significant attention. On
May 28, 2024, IntoTheBlock, an on-chain analytic firm, made a post on X
(previously Twitter) indirectly signaling a massive sell-off in Ethereum.  
  
Ethereum dump incoming?  
  
According to the post on X, the current amount of Ethereum moving into
exchanges has hit its highest point since January 2024. This surge followed a
significant price increase that Ethereum experienced in the past few days.
IntoTheBlock also highlighted that Ethereum saw a massive net inflow of 140.6K
on Saturday. This net inflow marks the highest net deposit to exchanges in
over four months.  
  
The amount of Ether flowing into exchanges hit the highest point since
January!With a netflow of 140.66k $ETH on saturday, this marks the highest net
deposits to exchanges in over 4 months.High inflows to exchanges are typically
a sign of selling behavior, as people either… pic.twitter.com/XAesouv0XR  
  
— IntoTheBlock (@intotheblock) May 28, 2024  
  
IntoTheBlock noted that these high inflows to exchanges typically indicate
selling behavior, as people either try to claim profits or succumb to FUD
(Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt). Despite this massive inflow on Saturday,
Ethereum experienced a decent 5% upside move on Tuesday.  
  
Currently, Ethereum is trading near $3,900, and in the last 24 hours, the
price has remained stable. However, looking at Ethereum’s performance over a
longer period, it has experienced a 4% upside move in the last seven days.
Over the last 30 days, Ethereum’s price has seen a notable 19% increase. The
reason behind this significant price surge is the recent approval of the Spot
Ethereum ETF.  
  
Ethereum technical analysis and key levels  
  
According to expert technical analysis, Ethereum is bullish and heading toward
a recent high of $4,090. In the coming days, there is a high chance that
Ethereum will hit this level. If Ethereum closes above this level on a daily
timeframe, it could reach $4,800 and make a new all-time high.  
  
Besides Ethereum’s bullish outlook, the approval of the ETF has made Ethereum-
based altcoins the top choice among investors and traders. Recently, crypto
whales have been making significant bets on Ethereum-based tokens such as
Ethena (ENA), PEPE, ONDO, and AAVE, as reported by Todayq News. Additionally,
FLOKI, an Ethereum-based meme token, is gaining massive attention in the
market.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8710134589737)

[](/en/square/profile/Malik_Israr_Ahmad)

[Malik Israr Ahmad](/en/square/profile/Malik_Israr_Ahmad)

1 hour ago

[ [#ETH](/en/square/hashtag?q=ETH) has tackled all liquidity levels.  
  
Now what’s next?  
  
Keep following I will post soon [#ETH](/en/square/hashtag?q=ETH) next move.  
  
Overall [#ETH](/en/square/hashtag?q=ETH) is trading above Resistance
zone,Which is quite bullish indeed 💯.  
  
NFA ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8710038395913)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

USERS’ COIN PREDICTIONS FEATURE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Welcome to the “Users’ Coin Predictions” feature(“UCP Feature”)owned and
operated by Binance Operators, as defined in the Binance Terms of Use set
forth here:<https://www.binance.com/en/terms> (“Binance Terms”).

Binance.com is a platform providing various products and services to global
customers, which are subject to different laws and regulations in different
jurisdictions. By making the UCP Feature available on Binance.com and/or any
other Binance websites and applications, including but not limited to mobile
applications (“UCP Feature”), Binance is not making, and shall not be regarded
as having made or intended to make, an invitation or inducement to you to
invest in any Binance products or services.

Please read these terms(“UCP Terms”)carefully as they govern your access to
and use of the UCP Feature. If you do not agree to these terms or any other
terms that are incorporated by reference herein (all of which, may be amended
from time to time without further notice), please cease access immediately and
do not continue to use the UCP Feature.

For clarity, your continued access to and use of UCP Feature shall constitute
your acceptance of these UCP Terms and all other terms that are incorporated
herein, including any updates or modifications to them from time to time.

1\. ACCEPTANCE AND MODIFICATION OF UCP TERMS

1.1 These UCP Terms (as updated from time to time) govern your access to and
use of the UCP Feature, and are entered into by, and constitute a legally
binding agreement between you (hereinafter referred to as “you” or “your”) and
the relevant Binance Operator (hereinafter also referred to as “us” or “we”).

1.2 By accessing, downloading, using or attempting to use any Binance Services
(as defined below) in any capacity, and/or by clicking on “I agree” to accept
any Binance Services provided by Binance, you acknowledge and agree that: (a)
you have read, understood, accepted and agree to be bound by these UCP Terms,
our Binance Terms (the terms of which shall be fully incorporated by reference
into these UCP Terms), and our Privacy Policy accessible
here:<https://www.binance.com/en/privacy>; (b) you are aware of, and shall
assume all risks, associated with transactions involving crypto tokens; and
(c) Binance shall not be liable for any such risks or adverse outcomes
relating to the same.

1.3 We may change or amend these UCP Terms, or add new or remove existing
features and change any part of the UCP Features, at any time at our sole and
absolute discretion. In respect of any changes or amendments to these UCP
Terms, such changes will be effective as of the “last revised” date referred
to at the top of this page. In addition, you also acknowledge and agree that
Binance may (but shall not be obliged) to notify you of any changes to the UCP
Features or to these UCP Terms.In this regard, you agree and undertake to
regularly refer to these UCP Terms and any other announcements that Binance
may make from time to time, through any communication channels that Binance
may deem fit.

2\. DEFINITIONS

2.1 Unless expressly defined in these UCP Terms, or where the context
otherwise requires, all words and expressions used in these UCP Terms shall
have the same meaning as defined in the Binance Terms. For clarity:
(a)“Binance Services”as defined in the Binance Terms shall include the UCP
Feature; and (b) in the event of any conflict between these UCP Terms and the
Binance Terms, such conflict shall be resolved in a manner most favourable to
Binance Operator, subject always to any restrictions, limitations or
prohibitions under applicable law; and to the extent such conflict cannot be
so resolved, the provisions in the Binance Terms shall prevail over these UCP
Terms.

3\. UCP FEATURES

3.1 UCP Features contain content that is provided solely on an informational
and illustrative basis, and on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without
warranties of any kind.

3.2 Such content and features (which may be further supplemented or varied by
us at our sole and absolute discretion at any time) may include: (a)
information aggregated, obtained, crowd-sourced or derived from statistical
services or other third party sources (such as but not limited to other
Binance users); and (b) data computation and visualisation of possible crypto
token price performance, based on information provided and/or collected from
you or from other third party sources.

3.3 From time to time, we may also issue ad-hoc announcements or notices as
part of the UCP Features, relating to the detection of unusual activities that
may have an impact on the future price performance of crypto tokens (“Unusual
Activity Announcements”) (if any such activities have come to our attention).
For the avoidance of doubt however, please note that the issuance of any such
Unusual Activity Announcements (if any) is not intend to, and shall not be
construed as, an assumption of a duty of care on our part to keep you notified
of any and all such unusual activities.

3.4 Nothing in the UCP Features is intended to, and shall not be construed as,
providing any information relating to securities of any form, units in a
business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of
regulated investment or investment product, in any jurisdiction.The UCP
Features are also not, and are not intended to, constitute a prospectus or
offer document of any sort, and are not intended to constitute an offer of
securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective
investment scheme or any other form of regulated investment or investment
product, or a solicitation for any form of regulated investment or investment
product in any such jurisdiction.

4\. YOUR OBLIGATIONS

4.1 You acknowledge and agree:

(a) to fully comply with all your obligations as set out in these UCP Terms
and any other terms that may be incorporated herein (as amended from time to
time);

(b) that unless expressly permitted by these UCP Terms, you will not to copy,
retransmit, reproduce, create derivative works or exploit content from the UCP
Features without our prior written permission; and

(c) you are solely responsible for conducting your own due diligence to ensure
that you are alert to any unusual activities in the market, which may impact
on crypto token price performance. This also includes making regular and
prompt checks to ensure that you are kept up to date on any and all Unusual
Activity Announcements that may have been released by us from time to time (if
any). Binance will not be held liable or responsible in any manner of
compensation should you incur personal losses arising from ignorance or
negligence of these Unusual Activity Announcements.

5\. DISCLAIMERS & EXCLUSIONS

5.1 You acknowledge and agree that content made available through the UCP
Features is for your own personal reference only, and that such content:

(a) are not guaranteed to be reliable, accurate or complete, and does not take
into account whether any transaction is suitable for a particular person;

(b) are not intended to constitute recommendations or investment advice to
you;

(c) does not constitute a provision of any form of advisory services to you,
regarding investment, tax, legal, financial, accounting, consulting or
otherwise;

(d) are not endorsements of, guarantees or representations to you, as regards
the future price performance of crypto tokens;

(e) are not recommendations to you to buy, sell or hold any particular crypto
token asset whether now or in the future;

(f) may have been aggregated, obtained, crowd-sourced or derived from
statistical services or third party sources.

5.2 Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that content made available through
the UCP Features shall not be relied upon by you, or form your basis for
making any investment decision, or be construed as a recommendation by us to
engage in any particular transaction or investment strategy. You have been
advised, and agree, to conduct your own research and make your own investment
decisions, having regard to your own personal and financial circumstances.

5.3 Where the content made available to you through the UCP Features were
aggregated, obtained, crowd-sourced or derived from statistical services or
third party sources (such as but not limited to other Binance users), you
further acknowledge and agree that such information may not be reliable,
accurate or complete, and that Binance Operator(s) shall not be responsible to
you for any such information.

5.4 To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Binance Services,
Binance materials and any product, service or other item provided by or on
behalf of Binance (including but not limited to any and all content made
available to you via the UCP Features) are offered on an “as is” and “as
available” basis, and Binance expressly disclaims, and you agree to waive, any
and all other warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including,
without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose,title or non-infringement or warranties arising from course of
performance, course of dealing or usage in trade. Without limiting the
foregoing, Binance does not represent or warrant that the site (including its
UCP Features), Binance Services or Binance materials (including but not
limited to any and all content made available to you via the UCP Features) are
accurate, complete, reliable, current, error-free, or free of viruses or other
harmful components.Except for the express statements, agreements and rules set
forth in these UCP Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that you have not
relied upon any other statement or agreement, whether written or oral, with
respect to your use and access of Binance Services. Without limiting the
foregoing, you hereby understand and agree that Binance will not be liable for
any losses or damages arising out of or relating to: (a) any inaccuracy,
defect or omission of crypto token price data, (b) any error or delay in the
transmission of such data, (c) interruption in any such data,(d) regular or
unscheduled maintenance carried out by Binance and service interruption and
change resulting from such maintenance, (e) any damages incurred by other
users’ actions, omissions or violation of these terms, (f) any damage caused
by illegal actions of other third parties or actions without authorized by
Binance; and (g) other exemptions mentioned in disclaimers and platform rules
issued by Binance.

The disclaimer of implied warranties contained herein may not apply if and to
the extent it is prohibited by applicable law of the jurisdiction in which you
reside.

6\. RISK DISCLOSURE

6.1 You understand and acknowledge that crypto token investments constitute
high risk investments, as their price performance may fluctuate widely and may
even become worthless. They are not appropriate for all investors and you
should consider whether they are suitable for you in light of your financial
situation. You should only engage in crypto token investments if you are
prepared to accept the risk of losing all your initial investment.

6.2 By agreeing to these UCP Terms, you acknowledge that we are not
responsible for the risks mentioned in these UCP Terms, and you voluntarily
assume and accept such risks in deciding whether to carry out crypto token
investments.

7\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES

7.1 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will
Binance, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors,
officers, employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers or
contractors be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive,
consequential or similar damages or liabilities whatsoever (including, without
limitation, damages for loss of data, information, revenue, profits or other
businesses or financial benefits) arising out of Binance Services (including
UCP Features), any performance or non-performance of Binance Services,or any
other product, service or other item provided by or on behalf of Binance and
its affiliates, whether under contract, statute, strict liability or other
theory even if Binance has been advised of the possibility of such damages
except to the extent of a final judicial determination that such damages were
a result of Binance’s gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or
intentional violation of law.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the liability of Binance, its
affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers,
employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers or contractors
arising out of services offered by or on behalf of Binance and its affiliates,
any performance or non-performance of Binance Services, or any other product,
service or other item,whether under contract, statute, strict liability or
other theory, exceed the amount of the fees paid by you to Binance for access
to the UCP Features in the twelve-month period immediately preceding the event
giving rise to the claim for liability (if any).

8\. INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Binance operators, their
affiliates, contractors, licensors, and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents from and against any claims, actions, proceedings,
investigations, demands, suits, costs, expenses and damages (including
attorneys’ fees, fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority)
arising out of or related to (i) your use of, or conduct in connection with,
Binance Services (which includes use of UCP Features), (ii) your breach or our
enforcement of these UCP Terms, or(iii) your violation of any applicable law,
regulation, or rights of any third party during your use of Binance Services.
If you are obligated to indemnify Binance Operators, their affiliates,
contractors, licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees or
agents pursuant to these terms, Binance will have the right, in its sole
discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether
Binance wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms.

9\. RESOLVING DISPUTES: FORUM, ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION WAIVER

9.1 Section X of the Binance Terms on “Resolving Disputes: Forum, Arbitration,
Class Action Waiver” shall apply in its entirety to your access to and use of
the UCP Features, as if the same were expressly set out in these UCP Terms.

BackI accept

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

