[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2RvbnQtdGFrZS1vdXItd29yZC1mb3ItaXQtd2hhdC11cy1yZWd1bGF0b3J5LWFnZW5jaWVzLXNhaWQtYWJvdXQtYmluYW5jZXMtY29tcGxpYW5jZS1pbXByb3ZlbWVudHMtMjQwNTcwNTkzNzA5MDg0MDMxMT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2RvbnQtdGFrZS1vdXItd29yZC1mb3ItaXQtd2hhdC11cy1yZWd1bGF0b3J5LWFnZW5jaWVzLXNhaWQtYWJvdXQtYmluYW5jZXMtY29tcGxpYW5jZS1pbXByb3ZlbWVudHMtMjQwNTcwNTkzNzA5MDg0MDMxMT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Don’t Take Our Word for It: What U.S. Regulatory Agencies Said About
Binance’s Compliance Improvements

2023-12-12

## Main Takeaways

  * In the interest of accountability and growth, Binance has taken full responsibility for its past conduct, made significant efforts to improve its compliance initiatives, and built a stronger, safer platform.

  * This sentiment was also reflected in statements made by U.S. agencies throughout their investigations, particularly regarding Binance’s cooperation and AML, CFT, and KYC measures.

  * While the investigation by U.S. agencies was triggered by past actions, it has helped create the comprehensive compliance program we see at Binance today. As always, the security of our users remains paramount.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231212/2bfac710-b171-41ad-a987-3bf6236dc8ce.png)

As has been widely reported, when Binance first launched, it did not have
compliance controls adequate for the company that it was quickly becoming, and
it should have. Acknowledging this, we have [_taken full
responsibility_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-
announcement-reaching-resolution-with-us-regulators-2904832835382364558) for
our past actions. We are cooperating with U.S. agencies, including accepting a
robust monitorship for our compliance and sanctions control programs, and we
will continue to take proactive steps to remedy historical issues.

As the author and thinker Matshona Dhliwayo once observed, a diamond earns its
sparkle from the pressure it endures.

We have faced – and actually welcomed – unprecedented scrutiny, which shed
light not only on issues of the past but on the many ways we have worked to
fix them. It’s time to move forward.

Over the past two years, in the lead-up to the historic announcement of our
resolutions with U.S. agencies, we have become a stronger, safer, and even
more secure platform for our users. But you don’t have to take our word for
it. Here are points and quotes directly from the government agencies with whom
we settled: the U.S. Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN) consent
order, our plea deal agreement with the Department of Justice (DOJ), and the
settlement with the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC).

> [Binance] _Remodeled its compliance program governance and organization
> structure, including by hiring new compliance leadership with professional
> compliance experience in the financial sector and law enforcement_. – From
> FinCEN’s consent order

## Cooperation in Investigations and Beyond

The U.S. agencies noted Binance’s cooperation during the course of their
investigations and remedial measures it undertook, as well as Binance’s
proactive work alongside law enforcement agencies globally.

Specifically, **OFAC** noted Binance’s “substantial cooperation,” which
included “conducting an extensive, independent, internal investigation,
responding promptly to OFAC’s requests for information, providing large
volumes of data regarding the Apparent Violations, making multiple
presentations to OFAC, submitting inculpatory internal communications, and
executing a statute of limitations tolling agreement.”

The agency also said that Binance has implemented “significant remedial
measures,” such as creating “two teams dedicated to cooperation with law
enforcement, including by proactively sharing intelligence and to respond to
time-sensitive requests.”

**FinCEN** stated that "Binance works closely with law enforcement agencies
worldwide related to this type of illicit activity, including Hydra, darknet
markets, and hacks." Furthermore, although it did not file suspicious activity
reports with FinCEN, Binance has “proactively cooperated with global law
enforcement and blockchain vendors to combat terrorism financing.”

The **DOJ** itemized Binance’s remedial measures, some of which we cite in the
sections below, and noted that the company has committed to additional
remediation as part of its resolution of parallel investigations by U.S.
regulatory agencies.

> _Binance has taken significant recent steps to enhance its compliance
> program, including committing substantial resources to address the types of
> compliance gaps addressed_. –  From FinCEN’s consent order

## AML and CFT

The statements by the DOJ and FinCEN describe the measures that Binance took
in the areas of Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Countering the Financing of
Terrorism (CFT). According to **FinCEN’s** consent order, "Binance’s current
compliance program would not permit users identified as associated with
terrorist financing to remain on the platform or remove funds."

The **DOJ** plea deal agreement stated that Binance has invested significant
financial resources in improvements to our AML and CFT programs, “including by
replacing ineffective compliance staff with experienced employees and
significantly increasing compliance headcount.”

Moreover, the DOJ noted that Binance has “Implemented enterprise-wide AML/CFT
and sanctions risk assessments beginning in November 2022,” “implemented
Financial Action Task Force standards for AML and KYC” and “improved employee
AML/CFT training.”

The agencies also mentioned Binance’s measures to improve transaction
monitoring. As per **OFAC** , Binance has “partnered with third-party
companies to implement real-time transaction monitoring, including screening
for sanctioned parties.” The DOJ determined that Binance has “increased
investment in real-time and post-transaction monitoring including by
increasing headcount, enhancing internal tools, and employing recognized
third-party vendors-such as blockchain analytics vendors-to scan user
transactions and profiles.”

## User Identity Verification (KYC)

The acronym KYC stands for “know your customer” and refers to the verification
of a user’s identity by financial organizations, which is required by
regulators in most jurisdictions. As per the text of the **OFAC** settlement,
Binance has “required all users to pass KYC and implemented periodic customer
reviews according to users’ compliance risk ratings.”

The **DOJ’s** list of the remedial measures taken by Binance, the agency notes
that we have:

  * Changed our terms of service to require all new users to submit to full KYC procedures in August 2021;

  * Implemented full KYC requirements for all direct account holders by May 2022, including the use of recognized third-party vendors to verify identity and assess customer risk;

  * Improved our enhanced due diligence program in November 2022 to cover, among other things, politically exposed persons, high-risk users, applicants for limit increases, unusual corporate structures, and unusual transaction activity; 

  * Updated our sanctions policy in November 2022, improving customer due diligence, screening, offboarding, account blocking, risk assessments, and sanctions reporting;

  * Developed and implemented a comprehensive framework designed to determine the nationality of enterprise users.

## Sanctions Compliance and Addressing U.S. Persons

>  _Binance has substantially enhanced its sanctions and AML compliance
> program to seek to address the presence of sanctioned and U.S. persons on
> the platform._ – From FinCEN’s consent order

The regulatory agencies noted Binance’s efforts to improve its capacity to
identify sanctioned persons and U.S.-based users and prevent them from using
the platform.

According to the **OFAC** settlement, we have “revamped compliance policies
and procedures, such as the Binance Sanctions Manual that requires Binance to
complete an annual enterprise-wide risk assessment and additional due
diligence reviews of users suspected of being located in a sanctioned
jurisdiction.”

The agency further noted that Binance has conducted multiple lookback reviews
of users to identify and offboard those from the United States as well as
sanctioned jurisdictions, “including a re-screening of all active users
against sanctions lists from the United States and various other countries.”

Additionally, OFAC acknowledged Binance’s other measures on this front,
including mandating “sanctions training at initial onboarding of new hires and
for all employees yearly at a minimum,” significantly increasing “line-level
compliance resources, including for sanctions compliance;” engaging “third-
party vendors to detect and prevent certain parties, including blocked
persons, from onboarding,” and implementing “further technological controls to
screen and identify users from sanctioned jurisdictions, including IP
blocking, geo-fencing, and blockchain monitoring.”

The **DOJ** also noted several measures that Binance put in place,
specifically, by “implementing geofencing measures in late 2019” and
continuing to “improve its controls by using a variety of location-detection
tools, including IP address, phone number, and mobile carrier."

The Department stated that Binance began restricting accounts for a number of
known U.S. users prior to notice of the ongoing investigation, began
restricting accounts for users subject to U.S. sanctions, and “initiated an
extensive historical review to identify and offboard U.S. enterprise users
from the platform."

Publishing these statements is not an attempt to minimize the severity of the
historical conduct described in the U.S. agencies’ documents, nor in any way
deviate from our acceptance of responsibility.  As noted, the actions that
triggered these authorities’ investigations were historical, and their
scrutiny has led to the development of Binance's comprehensive compliance
program today. These facts speak eloquently to our commitment to ensuring the
security of our users and the wider blockchain space by continuously enhancing
our compliance policies, processes, and systems.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Announcement: Reaching Resolution With U.S. Regulators_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-announcement-reaching-resolution-with-us-regulators-2904832835382364558)

  * [ _Erasing Borders: Globally Harmonized Regulation for the Digital Economy_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/erasing-borders-globally-harmonized-regulation-for-the-digital-economy-2053848022592068758)

  * [ _Binance’s Proof-of-Reserves System: A Year of Upgrading User Assets Transparency_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binances-proofofreserves-system-a-year-of-upgrading-user-assets-transparency-4884649095182408082)

195,027,845 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

59

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Don’t Take Our Word for It: What U.S. Regulatory Agencies Said About Binance’s
Compliance Improvements

Main Takeaways

Cooperation in Investigations and Beyond

AML and CFT

User Identity Verification (KYC)

Sanctions Compliance and Addressing U.S. Persons

Further Reading

195,027,845 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

