[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

# Whatâs possible with Eclipse?

Build applications that can coordinate masses of people and scale with your
needs. Take the best parts of crypto and build with no limits.

Eclipse is building the fastest Ethereum Layer 2 using the Solana Virtual
Machine, so that developers get all the benefits of dedicated throughput with
none of the downsides.

But how?

1How it began:Monolithic Blockchains 2Where we are now:Single-Threaded Layer
2s 3The next gen of dApps:Parallelized Layer 2s

Blockchains have historically been "monolithic."

All of the duties of a blockchain are done by the same set of nodes (computers
running the network).

Ethereum

zkSync (L2)

Execution

Consensus + Data Availability

Ethereum

settlement

Consensus + Data Availability

Ethereum

zkSync (L2)

Execution

Consensus + Data Availability

Traditional L2s have helped scale blockchains.

L2s move execution off of Layer 1s like Ethereum. **But this still isn't
enough to support many apps.**

Ethereum

OP Stack (L2)

Execution

Consensus + Data Availability

Ethereum (L1)

settlement

Consensus + Data Availability

We are building a parallelized Layer 2.

Eclipse SVM L2

Execution

Celestia

â¨Data Availability

Ethereum

VALIDATING BRIDGE + settlement

Apps benefit from local fee markets, so one "noisy neighbor" doesn't impact
the rest of the chain.

## [Compare rollup frameworksWhat will the economics of my rollup look like?
](/comparison)

[Build on the next generation of blockchain infrastructure with
EclipseDeveloper Docs ](https://docs.eclipse.builders/)

## What does this mean?

Superior speed, security, and scalability for powerful apps.

Unmatched speeds

Eclipse runs the highly performant Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) as its
execution environment. This means optimized parallel execution capable of
handling truly massive scale.  

Security properties from Ethereum

Our validating bridge is on Ethereum. The bridge will validate all Eclipse
transactions, preventing submission of invalid states. Additionally, it will
enforce eventual liveness and censorship resistance under certain failure
cases.

Composability across many apps

Itâs complicated to maintain accounts across many chains. Itâs worse UX to
keep bridging and worrying about what gas token you need. Eclipse is a shared
general-purpose L2 that can support most (if not all) use cases.

Scalable and verifiable

Celestiaâs data availability sampling (DAS) light node support means users
can verify for themselves that Eclipse block data has been made available
while contributing to securely scaling the entire network.

## Sign up for our mailing list

Thank you! Your submission has been received!

Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

[Twitter ](https://twitter.com/EclipseFND)[Telegram
](https://t.me/eclipse_labs)[Discord ](https://discord.gg/eclipse-
labs)[LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eclipse-laboratories/)

