s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](./)

[Protocol](./protocol)

[Extension](./extension)

[Use Cases](./use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](./blog)

[](./)

Get started

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/8pwmJhnCQCMvmrcy7CeBUTQq2Y.png)

# The definitive smart contract wallet infrastructure layer for Solana and SVM

Squads Protocol is a collection of programs on the Solana blockchain that
implements smart contract level account abstraction and acts as the perfect
foundation for building products that will help onboard the next billion users
into crypto

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/v4)

## Security

We did the work so you can build unique experiences on stable and secure
foundations

Formal verification

At Squads Labs we are driven by security first development approach. One of
the key measures we take to ensure security and mathematical integrity of our
codebase is formal verification. Squads Protocol has undergone two formal
verifications

Immutability

We strongly believe that core primitives existing on open and permissionless
networks should be made immutable as soon as practically possible. We are
committed to making Squads Protocol programs immutable within months of public
release

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ihlMbiQyL5aHvobKeuilkEd4g.svg)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/4h0TWqgkx7X8U9mwOWtA67P7A.svg)](https://github.com/Squads-
Protocol/squads-mpl/blob/main/Squads%20V3%20-%20OtterSec%20Audit.pdf)

Multiple independent audits

We work with the best auditors in the space, such as Neodyme, OtterSec, Trail
of Bits and Certora

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/xzW6leQuP6HebBofkZAsFl22Y.svg)

Open source / source available

Our codebase is always open and available for anyone to review

Anchor

Our programs are written in Anchor, a development framework that allows to
build more secure programs on Solana

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/1iMr3BBaSjmHFTjb3MaMxzO1k.png)

## Bug bounty

Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow. Help us make the protocol even
more secure and earn rewards in the process. By participating in our perpetual
[bug bounty](https://docs.squads.so/main/v/security/bug-bounty) program you
can earn up to $300,000 in SOL per bug

## Build safer experiences for your users

Leverage Squads Protocol to offer secure and robust products

Multi-signature

Build a secure design for holding user funds within your application,
facilitate escrow services, shared accounts, and more.

[Spending LimitsImplement features such as withdrawal limits to protect your
users and prevent unauthorized transfers of their
funds.](https://squads.so/blog/spending-limits)[Roles and PermissionsAbstract
away the complexities and risks of blockchains by offering features like
gasless transactions and transaction
guards.](https://squads.so/blog/permissions-roles-in-multisig)

## Build with us

[Docs](https://docs.squads.so/main/v/development/)[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig?activeTab=readme)[Github](https://github.com/Squads-
Protocol/v4)

[](./)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](./)

[Protocol](./protocol)

[Extension](./extension)

[Use Cases](./use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](./blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](./about)

[Brand assets](./brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](./legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](./legal/privacy-policy)

