  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Celebrating International Women's Day: Empowering Voices from Trust
Wallet](/blog/international-women-s-day-empowering-voices-from-trust-wallet)

##### Announcements

# Celebrating International Women's Day: Empowering Voices from Trust Wallet

Published on: Mar 8, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Why Web3? Why Trust Wallet?**
  * **Overcoming Challenges with Community and Support**
  * **Advice for Aspiring Women in Crypto/Web3**
  * **What This Day Means to Us**

##### In Brief

Trust Wallet honors International Women's Day by highlighting the impactful
contributions and voices of women in tech and crypto

![Celebrating International Women's Day: Empowering Voices from Trust
Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwide_Happy_womens_day_1_0a4d0961dd.png&w=3840&q=75)

In honor of International Women's Day and Employee Appreciation Day, Trust
Wallet is proud to celebrate the invaluable contributions of women in the tech
and cryptocurrency sectors. We are taking this opportunity to shine a light on
the women who play a pivotal role at Trust Wallet and the broader blockchain
industry. Their insights, expertise, and leadership continue to inspire and
drive innovation within the Web3 community.

> I see technology bringing more power and freedom to normal people who have
> no easy access. I hope to contribute to the movement that allows normal
> people to be empowered to create and fulfil their potential in a sustainable
> and rewarding manner. - Eowyn Chen, CEO.

![IWD blog \(1\).png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FIWD_blog_1_b176c0bab1.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Why Web3? Why Trust Wallet?

The appeal of Web3 and crypto is clear, offering new and exciting
possibilities in finance and technology. Our team members come from various
backgrounds, each bringing a unique perspective to the evolving landscape of
web3 and crypto. Here's what they had to say about what attracted them to this
dynamic field and how Trust Wallet aligns with their aspirations:

  * "The constant innovation and the chance to be at the cutting edge of technology brought me to Web3. Working at Trust Wallet aligns perfectly with my desire to be part of a community that's building the future." - Joana, Marketing

  * "The challenge of mastering something new and making a tangible impact in an emerging field is exhilarating. At Trust Wallet, I'm not just a participant; I'm a contributor to this revolutionary industry." - Nikki, Product Design

  * "Fresh out of university, the limitless opportunities to grow and innovate within web3 and crypto drew me in. At Trust Wallet, every day offers new challenges and learning experiences in this fast-paced industry." - Miguel, Marketing

  * "Transitioning to web3 and crypto with Trust Wallet empowered me to thrive in tech, aligning with my passion for groundbreaking innovations." - Elvira, Marketing

  * “ I admire blockchain for its blend of innovation, technology and real-world application. At Trust Wallet, we provide a lifeline to those affected by economic instability in their home countries, offering a stable alternative to fluctuating local currencies. It's rewarding to know our work can significantly improve people's lives.” - Kelly, Business Development

  * "What attracts me most to Web3 and the Crypto Industry is its potential to be the foundation of a digital civilization. It's transforming the traditional paradigms of trust and consensus, allowing for true personal ownership of data and assets. Trust Wallet embodies these principles by providing secure and user-centric services, aligning with the core values of this digital revolution." - Scarlett, Marketing

## Overcoming Challenges with Community and Support

The journey in web3 can be as challenging as it is exciting. Our team members
share how they've navigated these waters :

  * “Understanding all the technical jargon and complex concepts associated with blockchain technology was hard, but the collaborative environment at Trust Wallet and the willingness of colleagues to share their knowledge made all the difference." - Zeynep, Quality Assistance

  * "Finding my place in a technical field without a traditional engineering background was intimidating. However, the supportive and empowering culture at Trust Wallet has allowed me to grow and excel." - Tatiana, Business Development

  * "By actively engaging with my knowledgeable colleagues, I've quickly adapted to the technicalities of blockchain, enhancing my project delivery and understanding of users." - Nikki, Product Design

  * "Transitioning from a crypto exchange startup to Trust Wallet, I've seen my understanding and experience in crypto/Web3 grow exponentially. The company’s environment has enhanced my real-time knowledge and skills in this unique and fast-evolving sector." - Priya, Quality Assistance

  * “My major challenge in the this space has been protecting Trust Wallet users against scams. It goes beyond just product evolution—it's about user education. Thankfully, with supportive management and our team's efforts, we've been able to empower, educate and protect our users.” - Eve, CISO

## Advice for Aspiring Women in Crypto/Web3

Our team members also have words of wisdom for women considering a career in
this innovative space:

  * “While the industry may seem complex at first, don't let the perceived barriers hold you back. This industry is growing day by day and there are lots of opportunities.” - Zeynep, Quality Assistance

  * “I would advise women considering a career in crypto/Web3 to focus on innovation and constant learning. Remember, as someone once wisely advised, stop worrying about being liked and start worrying about not being change-driven or innovative enough.” - Eve, CISO

  * “Don't settle and be fearless” - Kelly, Business Development

  * "Start your Web3 career with clear goals and a readiness to learn. This field offers huge potential to make a difference, supported by a community that values continuous growth and innovation." - Elvira, Marketing

  * “Build a solid understanding of the space. One way to start can be to explore various community or ambassador programs. It can help you accelerate knowledge, gain experience, and discover some of the most interesting projects.” - Tatiana, Business Development

  * “This industry embodies the true essence of freedom, regardless of gender.” - Scarlett, Marketing

## What This Day Means to Us

At Trust Wallet, we see these celebrations as an opportunity to acknowledge
the hard work, resilience, and creativity of women globally and within our own
team. They serve as a reminder of our commitment to fostering an environment
where diverse perspectives and experiences are valued and celebrated.

  * "If you run a search for women in the crypto industry it reveals many powerful figures, most of whom are leading their own companies as CEOs. This clearly illustrates the significant strides women have made in this field and serves as an inspiration to all women out there.” - Joann, Customer Support

  * "The inclusivity and encouragement in the Web3 space to bring forth ideas from diverse backgrounds underscore the essence of these celebrations. It's a reminder of the collective journey towards innovation and equality we are on.” - Tatiana, Business Development

  * "Embrace boundless possibilities in Web 3. Let go of limits and boundaries; instead, cultivate fearlessness, imagination, and unyielding drive. In this dynamic space, Web3 offers an inclusive and empowering environment where anyone, irrespective of gender or ethnicity, can flourish. With dedication and perseverance, seize the opportunities this transformative landscape presents, and chart your path to success." - Michelle, HR

Trust Wallet remains dedicated to diversity and equity in the tech industry.
We invite individuals from all backgrounds to join us in shaping the future of
web3 and crypto, bringing their unique insights and creativity to our
collective journey : https://trustwallet.com/careers

Happy International Women's Day from everyone at Trust Wallet!

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

