Skip to main content

**Introducing QuickNode Courses:** Discover our new courses designed to
enhance your expertise in Web3 development. Start learning today! [Explore
Courses
>](https://www.quicknode.com/courses/welcome?utm_source=guides&utm_medium=banner)

[![Quicknode Logo](/guides/img/logo.svg)![Quicknode
Logo](/guides/img/logo.svg)](https://www.quicknode.com/)

Search

[Sign in](https://www.quicknode.com/login)[Create
account](https://www.quicknode.com/signup?utm_source=internal&utm_campaign=guides&utm_content=welcome)

[Guides](https://quicknode.com/guides/welcome)[API
Documentation](https://quicknode.com/docs/welcome)[Courses](https://quicknode.com/courses/welcome)[Changelog](https://quicknode.com/docs/changelog)[Video
Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/@QuickNode)

  * [Welcome](/guides/welcome)
  * [Solana Development](/guides/solana-development/getting-started/solana-fundamentals-reference-guide)

  * [Ethereum Development](/guides/ethereum-development/getting-started/what-is-ethereum)

  * [Other Chains](/guides/other-chains/arbitrum-nova/how-to-create-a-10k-nft-collection)

  * [Custom Chains, AppChains, & RaaS](/guides/custom-chains/how-to-create-a-custom-chain-with-arbitrum-orbit)

  * [Cross-Chain](/guides/cross-chain/CCIP/cross-chain-nft)

  * [QuickNode Products](/guides/quicknode-products/Introduction-to-quicknode)

  * [DeFi](/guides/defi/getting-started/what-is-defi)

  * [Infrastructure](/guides/infrastructure/node-setup/ethereum-full-node-vs-archive-node)

  * [Web3 Fundamentals & Security](/guides/web3-fundamentals-security/basics-of-blockchain)

  * [Podcasts & Other Media](/guides/podcasts-other-media/onchain-report-episode-1)

  * [Social](/guides/social/how-to-build-a-farcaster-frame)

  * [](/guides/)
  * Welcome

 _1 min read_

Unlock the potential  
of web3

Browse our collection of step-by-step guides and developer  
resources for building on your favorite blockchains.

#### [Solana](/guides/tags/solana)

#### [Ethereum](/guides/tags/ethereum)

#### [Polygon](/guides/tags/polygon)

#### [BNB Smart Chain](/guides/tags/bnb-smart-chain)

#### [Arbitrum Nova](/guides/tags/arbitrum-nova)

#### [Avalanche](/guides/tags/avalanche)

[NewBase](/guides/tags/base)

#### [Bitcoin](/guides/tags/bitcoin)

[NewFlow](/guides/tags/flow)

[NewNEAR](/guides/tags/near)

#### [Stacks](/guides/tags/stacks)

#### [Tron](/guides/tags/tron)

Content by chain

#### [NFTsLearn how to create unique digital assets across various blockchains
and Web3 technologies.![Illustration of Quicknode's NFT verify ownership
api](/guides/img/cardMedia/nft.png)](/guides/tags/nf-ts)

#### [DeFiJoin the decentralized financial movement and master interacting
with popular lending protocols, trading, DEXs, and more.![DeFi DeFi
DeFi!](/guides/img/cardMedia/defi.png)](/guides/tags/de-fi)

#### [QuickNode MarketplaceExpand your reach to QuickNode's hundreds of
thousands of customers by building and deploying your own add-ons to the
QuickNode Marketplace.![Illustration of Quicknode's Add-on
Marketplace](/guides/img/cardMedia/marketplace.png)](/guides/tags/marketplace)

#### [dAppsDiscover the value of decentralized applications through building
and gaining hands-on experience to unlock their full potential.![Illustration
of dapp applications](/guides/img/cardMedia/dapp.png)](/guides/tags/d-apps)

#### [WalletsMaster interacting with wallets and gaining instant access to
portfolio details, account balances, and transaction history.![Illustration of
a Web3 Wallet using Quicknode's
Endpoint](/guides/img/cardMedia/wallet.png)](/guides/tags/wallets)

Products & use cases

#### [How to Create and Deploy an ERC-20 TokenThis guide will provide an
overview ERC-20 tokens and walk you through how to create and deploy
them.Beginner10 min read](/guides/ethereum-development/smart-contracts/how-to-
create-and-deploy-an-erc20-token)

#### [How to Create and Deploy an ERC-721 (NFT)This guide will define non-
fungible tokens and the ERC-721 standard. Additionally, it will walk you
through creating and deploying your first NFT on Ethereum.Beginner7 min
read](/guides/ethereum-development/nfts/how-to-create-and-deploy-an-
erc-721-nft)

#### [What is an ABI?In this guide, we will get an introduction to ABIs
(Application Binary Interfaces) through an explanation of the different
elements of an ABI and how to generate one in REMIX.IDEBeginner5 min
read](/guides/ethereum-development/smart-contracts/what-is-an-abi)

#### [How to Make a Flash Loan Using AaveThis guide will give you an overview
of Aave as well as flash loans and walk you through how to create a flash loan
smart contract in Solidity.Intermediate10 min read](/guides/defi/lending-
protocols/how-to-make-a-flash-loan-using-aave)

#### [Ethereum Full Node vs. Archive NodeThis guide will teach you about the
two different types of nodes on Ethereum and explore the requirements needed
to run them.Beginner7 min read](/guides/infrastructure/node-setup/ethereum-
full-node-vs-archive-node)

#### [How to Create and Deploy an ERC-1155 NFTIn this guide, we will learn
about the ERC1155 token standard and how to create and deploy an ERC-1155
contract with Solidity.Beginner6 min read](/guides/ethereum-
development/nfts/how-to-create-and-deploy-an-erc-1155-nft)

Most popular

#### [A Complete Overview of Web3 WalletsThis comprehensive guide explains
what Web3 wallets are, the different types available (non-custodial,
custodial, and smart contract), and which type may fit best for different
needs. It also lists popular Web3 wallets, such as MetaMask, MyEtherWallet,
Trust Wallet, Coinbase Wallet, Binance Wallet, Gnosis Safe, and Argent, and
offers tips on how to keep wallets secure, including education on keeping your
Web3 safe.NewBeginner6 min read](/guides/web3-fundamentals-security/basics-to-
web3-wallets)

#### [Maximizing Performance - A Guide to Efficent RPC Calls with
QuickNodeThese best practices for making effective RPC calls with your
QuickNode endpoint will help you keep your dApps running smoothly while
minimizing your costs. NewBeginner18 min read](/guides/quicknode-
products/apis/guide-to-efficient-rpc-requests)

#### [Three Ways to Check the Balance of a Solana Wallet AddressThis guide
will give you a complete overview of the three ways to check the balance of a
Solana wallet (Solana CLI, Solana-Web3.js, and cURL).NewBeginner5 min
read](/guides/solana-development/getting-started/how-to-look-up-the-balance-
of-a-solana-wallet)

#### [Goerli vs. Sepolia TestnetThis guide provides an overview of Ethereum
testnets, specifically Goerli and Sepolia, their differences, and how Ethereum
developers use them for testing and experimentation. The article also provides
information on creating an Ethereum Sepolia endpoint with
QuickNode.NewBeginner5 min read](/guides/ethereum-development/getting-
started/goerli-vs-sepolia-a-head-to-head-comparison)

#### [Introduction to FoundryFoundry is a powerful, developer-friendly
platform for creating and deploying smart contracts on the Ethereum
blockchain. This guide offers a comprehensive introduction to the Foundry
framework, helping you get started with developing your own decentralized
applications.NewBeginner9 min read](/guides/ethereum-development/smart-
contracts/intro-to-foundry)

#### [How to Create a 10K NFT Collection on Arbitrum NovaIn this guide, we
show you the steps needed to create your own 10,000 NFT Collection on Arbitrum
Nova using Solidity, JavaScript, and a non-custodial wallet.NewIntermediate17
min read](/guides/other-chains/arbitrum-nova/how-to-create-a-10k-nft-
collection)

New

  * Chat with [our community](https://forum.quicknode.com/)
  * Check out our [product changelog](https://quicknode.com/docs/changelog/)
  * Check on [the status](https://status.quicknode.com/) of our services
  * Read our blog for the [latest announcements](https://blog.quicknode.com/)

[](https://quicknode.com/)

###### Want the latest news in Web3?

We send out the #Web3Vibes newsletter with the coolest stuff in Blockchain
every month. Sign up below!

[](https://quicknode.com/)

