  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to AIOZ](/blog/beginners-guide-to-aioz)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to AIOZ

Published on: Mar 19, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is AIOZ?**
  * **The AIOZ Network Overview**
  * **Key features and Benefits of AIOZ**
  * **AIOZ Tokenomics**
  * **How to Buy AIOZ Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit AIOZ to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Explore AIOZ through our beginner’s guide, where we delve into the
fundamentals, tokenomics and how to buy AIOZ using Trust Wallet.

![A Beginner's Guide to AIOZ](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Faioz_beginners_guide_d4349d25fb.png&w=3840&q=75)

This article dives into the fundamentals of AIOZ, exploring its decentralized
Content Delivery Network (dCDN) and unlocking its transformative potential in
the [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) world. Before jumping in, remember that
you can easily deposit, manage, buy, and sell AIOZ using a crypto wallet, like
Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is AIOZ?

[AIOZ](https://trustwallet.com/aioz-wallet) is a Layer-1 Blockchain-based
decentralized Content Delivery Network (dCDN). AIOZ aims to revolutionize how
we store and stream data online. It falls under the category of Decentralized
Physical Infrastructure Networks (DePINs).
[DePINs](https://trustwallet.com/blog/navigating-the-world-of-depin-beginners-
guide) leverage blockchain technology to create community-owned and operated
networks for real-world resources.

Traditional content delivery networks rely on centralized servers to
distribute content to users, which can be costly and susceptible to censorship
and network congestion. AIOZ aims to address these issues by decentralizing
the distribution process, allowing users to share bandwidth and content with
each other through a P2P network.

By utilizing blockchain technology, AIOZ provides incentives for users to
contribute their resources to the network, such as bandwidth and storage
space, in exchange for rewards in the form of [AIOZ
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/aioz-wallet). This creates a self-sustaining
ecosystem where users are incentivized to participate in the network, leading
to a more efficient and resilient dCDN.

Overall, AIOZ seeks to revolutionize the way digital content is distributed
and consumed by providing a decentralized, efficient, and censorship-resistant
platform for content creators and consumers alike.

![aioz-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Faioz_beginners_guide_3_c59564f508.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Distributed Content Delivery with AIOZ

In contrast to traditional Content Delivery Networks (CDNs) that rely on
centralized servers, AIOZ operates on a decentralized blockchain. This means
that rather than storing content on a limited number of servers, AIOZ utilizes
a network of distributed nodes spread across the globe. Individuals can run an
AIOZ node on their computer, contributing their spare resources to the network
and earning AIOZ tokens in return. These nodes collaborate to store and
deliver content to users, ensuring faster and more reliable access to content.
By decentralizing the delivery process, AIOZ mitigates the risks of
censorship, network congestion, and single points of failure associated with
traditional CDNs.

The [AIOZ Network](https://trustwallet.com/aioz-wallet) introduces a paradigm
shift in content delivery by addressing the limitations of traditional CDNs.
Unlike centralized CDNs that are susceptible to censorship and network
bottlenecks, AIOZ offers a censorship-resistant and decentralized approach to
content distribution. By utilizing the collective resources of its distributed
network, AIOZ provides faster, more reliable, and cost-effective content
delivery solutions. Additionally, AIOZ offers greater scalability and
flexibility compared to traditional CDNs, allowing for seamless integration
with emerging technologies and evolving user demands.

## The AIOZ Network Overview

AIOZ Network aims to revolutionize the storage and streaming of text, audio,
and video content across the internet. Operating as a layer-1 blockchain
protocol, it facilitates seamless content relay within both the Cosmos and
Ethereum ecosystems, promoting interoperability between networks and
empowering users to transfer data efficiently and affordably through
compatible decentralized applications (dApps).

This is made possible through a variety of features, including one-click
porting of interoperable dApps, instant finality, and minimal transaction
fees. Additionally, the network's multichain architecture, powered by Ethereum
Virtual Machine (EVM) and WebAssembly (WASM) smart contracts, ensures infinite
horizontal scalability.

Beyond blockchain capabilities, AIOZ Network operates a decentralized Content
Delivery Network (dCDN) driven by peer-to-peer (P2P) nodes, categorized into:
Content Providers (CPs), Delivery Nodes (DNs), and Edge Nodes (ENs). This
innovative framework fosters faster and more robust content delivery. The dCDN
also eliminates barriers between content creators and their audience.

As a result, AIOZ Network emerges as a human-powered internet, seamlessly
connecting users and content in a decentralized and efficient manner.

## Key features and Benefits of AIOZ

  * **Decentralization:** AIOZ operates on a decentralized blockchain, ensuring censorship-resistant and reliable content delivery.

  * **Peer-to-peer (P2P) network:** AIOZ leverages a P2P network of distributed nodes to store and deliver content, enhancing efficiency and accessibility.

  * **Enhanced reliability:** By distributing content across multiple nodes, AIOZ reduces the risk of single points of failure and ensures uninterrupted access to content.

  * **Cost-effectiveness:** AIOZ offers cost-effective content delivery solutions compared to traditional CDNs. Security: AIOZ prioritizes security and privacy, leveraging blockchain technology to safeguard content and transactions within the network.

## AIOZ Tokenomics

AIOZ incentivizes users and fuels the network's operations. Here's a breakdown
of AIOZ’s tokenomics:

### Utility

  * **Rewards:** Users can earn AIOZ by running nodes and participating in community initiatives.

  * **Payments:** AIOZ is used to pay for services and applications within the AIOZ ecosystem.

  * **Staking:** Staking AIOZ contributes to network security and earns rewards.

### Supply

AIOZ has a capped total supply of just over 1 billion tokens.

### Inflation

AIOZ implements a controlled inflation rate that gradually decreases each
year. This aims to balance rewarding users with maintaining token value.

### Burn Mechanisms

AIOZ explores implementing token burn mechanisms to further control token
supply and potentially increase value.

## How to Buy AIOZ Using Trust Wallet

You can easily [buy AIOZ crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto) using
Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “AIOZ” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of AIOZ you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![aioz-beginners-guide-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Faioz_beginners_guide_1_c0ec188c8e.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit AIOZ to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying AIOZ directly using Trust Wallet, you can also deposit
AIOZ crypto from another [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet) address or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “AIOZ” and select it.

![aioz-beginners-guide-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Faioz_beginners_guide_4_f22a6ca9ee.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to AIOZ, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

