Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Ethereum accounts

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Account types
    * Key differences
  * An account examined
  * Externally-owned accounts and key pairs
  * Account creation
  * Contract accounts
  * Validator keys
  * A note on wallets
  * A visual demo
  * Further reading
  * Related topics

An Ethereum account is an entity with an ether (ETH) balance that can send
transactions on Ethereum. Accounts can be user-controlled or deployed as smart
contracts.

## Prerequisites

To help you better understand this page, we recommend you first read through
our [introduction to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/).

## Account types

Ethereum has two account types:

  * Externally-owned account (EOA) – controlled by anyone with the private keys
  * Contract account – a smart contract deployed to the network, controlled by code. Learn about [smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

Both account types have the ability to:

  * Receive, hold and send ETH and tokens
  * Interact with deployed smart contracts

### Key differences

**Externally-owned**

  * Creating an account costs nothing
  * Can initiate transactions
  * Transactions between externally-owned accounts can only be ETH/token transfers
  * Made up of a cryptographic pair of keys: public and private keys that control account activities

**Contract**

  * Creating a contract has a cost because you're using network storage
  * Can only send transactions in response to receiving a transaction
  * Transactions from an external account to a contract account can trigger code which can execute many different actions, such as transferring tokens or even creating a new contract
  * Contract accounts don't have private keys. Instead, they are controlled by the logic of the smart contract code

## An account examined

Ethereum accounts have four fields:

  * `nonce` – A counter that indicates the number of transactions sent from an externally-owned account or the number of contracts created by a contract account. Only one transaction with a given nonce can be executed for each account, protecting against replay attacks where signed transactions are repeatedly broadcast and re-executed.
  * `balance` – The number of wei owned by this address. Wei is a denomination of ETH and there are 1e+18 wei per ETH.
  * `codeHash` – This hash refers to the _code_ of an account on the Ethereum virtual machine (EVM). Contract accounts have code fragments programmed in that can perform different operations. This EVM code gets executed if the account gets a message call. It cannot be changed, unlike the other account fields. All such code fragments are contained in the state database under their corresponding hashes for later retrieval. This hash value is known as a codeHash. For externally owned accounts, the codeHash field is the hash of an empty string.
  * `storageRoot` – Sometimes known as a storage hash. A 256-bit hash of the root node of a Merkle Patricia trie that encodes the storage contents of the account (a mapping between 256-bit integer values), encoded into the trie as a mapping from the Keccak 256-bit hash of the 256-bit integer keys to the RLP-encoded 256-bit integer values. This trie encodes the hash of the storage contents of this account, and is empty by default.

[![A diagram showing the make up of an
account](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Faccounts%2Faccounts.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/accounts/accounts.png)
_Diagram adapted from[Ethereum EVM illustrated(opens in a new
tab)](https://takenobu-hs.github.io/downloads/ethereum_evm_illustrated.pdf)_

## Externally-owned accounts and key pairs

An account is made up of a cryptographic pair of keys: public and private.
They help prove that a transaction was actually signed by the sender and
prevent forgeries. Your private key is what you use to sign transactions, so
it grants you custody over the funds associated with your account. You never
really hold cryptocurrency, you hold private keys – the funds are always on
Ethereum's ledger.

This prevents malicious actors from broadcasting fake transactions because you
can always verify the sender of a transaction.

If Alice wants to send ether from her own account to Bob’s account, Alice
needs to create a transaction request and send it out to the network for
verification. Ethereum’s usage of public-key cryptography ensures that Alice
can prove that she originally initiated the transaction request. Without
cryptographic mechanisms, a malicious adversary Eve could simply publicly
broadcast a request that looks something like “send 5 ETH from Alice’s account
to Eve’s account,” and no one would be able to verify that it didn’t come from
Alice.

## Account creation

When you want to create an account most libraries will generate you a random
private key.

A private key is made up of 64 hex characters and can be encrypted with a
password.

Example:

`fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffebaaedce6af48a03bbfd25e8cd036415f`

The public key is generated from the private key using the [Elliptic Curve
Digital Signature Algorithm(opens in a new
tab)](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Elliptic_Curve_Digital_Signature_Algorithm).
You get a public address for your account by taking the last 20 bytes of the
Keccak-256 hash of the public key and adding `0x` to the beginning.

The following example shows how to use a signing tool called [Clef(opens in a
new tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs/tools/clef/introduction) to generate
a new account. Clef is an account management and signing tool that comes
bundled with the Ethereum client, [Geth(opens in a new
tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org). The `clef newaccount` command creates a new
key pair and saves them in an encrypted keystore.

    
    
    1> clef newaccount --keystore <path>
    
    2
    
    3Please enter a password for the new account to be created:
    
    4> <password>
    
    5
    
    6------------
    
    7INFO [10-28|16:19:09.156] Your new key was generated       address=0x5e97870f263700f46aa00d967821199b9bc5a120
    
    8WARN [10-28|16:19:09.306] Please backup your key file      path=/home/user/go-ethereum/data/keystore/UTC--2022-10-28T15-19-08.000825927Z--5e97870f263700f46aa00d967821199b9bc5a120
    
    9WARN [10-28|16:19:09.306] Please remember your password!
    
    10Generated account 0x5e97870f263700f46aa00d967821199b9bc5a120
    
    Show all

[Geth documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org/docs)

It is possible to derive new public keys from your private key but you cannot
derive a private key from public keys. This means it's vital to keep a private
key safe and, as the name suggests, **PRIVATE**.

You need a private key to sign messages and transactions which output a
signature. Others can then take the signature to derive your public key,
proving the author of the message. In your application, you can use a
javascript library to send transactions to the network.

## Contract accounts

Contract accounts also have a 42 character hexadecimal address:

Example:

`0x06012c8cf97bead5deae237070f9587f8e7a266d`

The contract address is usually given when a contract is deployed to the
Ethereum Blockchain. The address comes from the creator's address and the
number of transactions sent from that address (the “nonce”).

## Validator keys

There is also another type of key in Ethereum, introduced when Ethereum
switched from proof-of-work to proof-of-stake based consensus. These are 'BLS'
keys and they are used to identify validators. These keys can be efficiently
aggregated to reduce the bandwidth required for the network to come to
consensus. Without this key aggregation the minimum stake for a validator
would be much higher.

[More on validator keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/).

## A note on wallets

An account is not a wallet. An account is the keypair for a user-owned
Ethereum account. A wallet is an interface or application that lets you
interact with your Ethereum account.

## A visual demo

Watch Austin walk you through hash functions, and key pairs.

## Further reading

  * [Understanding Ethereum Accounts(opens in a new tab)](https://info.etherscan.com/understanding-ethereum-accounts/) \- etherscan

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)
  * [Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/accounts/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Account types
      * Key differences
    * An account examined
    * Externally-owned accounts and key pairs
    * Account creation
    * Contract accounts
    * Validator keys
    * A note on wallets
    * A visual demo
    * Further reading
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

