[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

announcements

### Public Call for Wormhole DAO Delegates

May 22, 2024

·

3 min read

![https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/xScZ4IWibk7USa2vmmL0I/fc2d0b89b3cb869e9f614aca8d230101/delegates-
call-wormhole-
dao.png](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/xScZ4IWibk7USa2vmmL0I/fc2d0b89b3cb869e9f614aca8d230101/delegates-
call-wormhole-dao.png?w=1080&q=75)

With the successful launch of the W token, the decentralization of the
protocol has begun. Wormhole DAO is now making a public call for delegates.

##### What is a Delegate?

A delegate is an individual or entity that votes on behalf of W token holders.

##### Why Delegates?

Not everyone has the time, knowledge, or desire to monitor and vote on changes
to the Wormhole platform. These tokenholders often delegate their votes to
those who can be fully engaged in governance.

##### What Does a Delegate Do?

Delegates make an effort to read, understand, and provide feedback (when
needed) on governance proposals. This generally means “thinking critically”
and understanding how the Wormhole platform and its various protocols and
parameters function.

Delegates actively vote on all governance proposals and provide an explanation
for their voting position. The time commitment is variable. Some delegates
prefer to be very hands-on, crafting their own proposals proactively or
serving on various committees or elected positions that might exist. Other
delegates simply stay informed, review proposals, and vote upon them. There’s
no wrong way to be a delegate as long as you commit to voting regularly and in
an informed manner.

##### Is There Any Compensation?

This is the beginning of Wormhole DAO governance. While delegation is expected
to be a serious commitment that respects the trust placed in delegates by W
tokenholders, a compensation program is not currently in place. Participants
of the DAO can, of course, propose creating a delegate compensation program.

##### How to Become a Delegate?

To become a delegate, create your delegate profile on Tally by completing the
registration process [found here](https://www.tally.xyz/gov/wormhole/welcome).

##### How Long is the Duration of a Delegate’s Term?

The term of a delegate is indefinite, lasting until they decide to remove
their platform from Tally and stop accepting new delegated power or when token
holders undelegate from the delegate.

##### What is MultiGov?

Wormhole, [Tally](https://www.tally.xyz/), and
[ScopeLift](https://scopelift.co/) are teaming up to build MultiGov: an
industry-first multichain governance system soon available to DAOs on Solana,
Ethereum mainnet, and EVM L2s. The Wormhole DAO will be the first to adopt
MultiGov, enabling W holders to create, vote on, and execute governance
proposals on any supported chain. Integrating this innovative governance model
marks a significant shift towards a truly decentralized and inclusive
decision-making process that operates at a level above the multiple underlying
chains.

[Learn more about MultiGov](https://wormhole.com/blog/wormhole-tally-and-
scopelift-announce-multigov-the-first-ever-multichain).

* * *

##### About Wormhole

Wormhole is the leading interoperability platform that powers multichain
applications and bridges at scale. Wormhole provides developers access to
liquidity and users on over 30 of the leading blockchain networks, enabling
use cases that span DeFi, NFTs, governance, and more.

The wider Wormhole network is trusted and used by teams like Circle and
Uniswap, and to date, the platform has facilitated the transfer of over 35
billion dollars through over 1 billion cross-chain messages. To learn more
about Wormhole, visit the Wormhole [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wormhole),
[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/wormholecrypto), or
[blog](https://wormhole.com/blog).

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

