[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ what is stad... ](/blog/what-is-staders-sd-utility-pool-we-tried-it)

#  What Is Stader’s SD Utility Pool? We Tried It

10 May 2024

9 min read

Stader

SD

9 min read

Article content

Liquid Staking in Stader

Stader’s Pools

SD Utility Pool

Our Impressions from the SD Utility Pool

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

[Stader Labs](https://www.staderlabs.com/) is one of the world’s leading
multi-chain liquid staking platforms offering non-custodial services. It
offers higher levels of protection against slashing and audited security while
ensuring the same freedom to use liquid staking tokens across numerous DeFi
applications on various blockchains like [Ethereum](https://ethereum.org/en/),
[Hedera](https://hedera.com/), [Polygon](https://polygon.technology/), and
[BNB](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/bnb/).

Recently, Stader rolled out the SD Utility Pool, which is a completely unique
and one-of-its-kind solution based on the platform’s governance token SD that
massively democratizes ETH liquid staking. Our team has tested this solution
and shared their impressions of it in this feature.

Learn more about Stader’s architecture and strong points from our recent
[overview](https://everstake.one/blog/what-is-stader-labs-complete-
review-2024) of their liquid staking ecosystem.

## Liquid Staking in Stader

The liquid staking model in Stader is marked by enhanced simplicity and token
liquidity, although from the standpoint of sheer mechanics, it is not
dissimilar to other liquid staking solutions that require ETH staking in
exchange for a liquid staking token—in this case, ETHx. Notably, however,
Stader’s solution is often hailed as being among the most secure ones in the
entire blockchain industry. It has undergone strict audits from some of the
top names in the area, like [Certik](https://www.certik.com/),
[Peckshield](https://peckshield.com/), and
[Halborn](https://www.halborn.com/).

Over 85,000 users have already staked $700m worth of crypto assets with
Stader. The solutions’ accessibility is powered by partnerships with some of
the most popular and demanded crypto-industry actors like
[Aave](https://aave.com/), [Compound](https://compound.finance/),
[Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/), and [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/). As a
result, it is not an exaggeration to claim that Stader is among the industry
leaders when it comes to liquid staking.

## Stader’s Pools

Understanding the uniqueness of the SD Utility Pool requires some knowledge of
the pre-existing staking pools on Ethereum offered by Stader.

Users receive Stader’s native liquid staking token
[ETHx](https://www.staderlabs.com/eth/) in exchange for their staked ETH.
There are two kinds of them: a permissionless and a permissioned ones.

  * In permissionless pools, anyone can run a node with just 4 ETH and an equivalent of 0.4 ETH in SD tokens, which are Stader’s native governance and utility tokens used for enhancing the reliability and security of the network operations. They give their owners voting rights and can be staked.
  * Permissioned pools consist of validators hand-picked by the Stader team for their top-notch performance, expertise, and history. 

In another case, Stader plans to leverage the relatively novel [Distributed
Validator Technology](https://ethereum.org/en/staking/dvt/) (DVT), which
distributes the validation process across multiple nodes to increase the fault
tolerance of staking and, therefore, dramatically lower the chances of
slashing while increasing the fee efficiency.

![image1 \(27\)](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/ea63de13-aaf5-49a1-91c0-3a2b7d44ad89.webp)

## SD Utility Pool

The [SD Utility Pool](https://staderlabs.com/docs-v1/category/sd-utility-
pool/) is a novel addition to the family of pools described above, and it has
no analogs in any other liquid staking ecosystem.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/1bfb5586-294d-4b80-8bbb-80f0e8500b78.webp)

As node operators need SD tokens to meet the requirements for running ETHx
validators, SD holders can now delegate the tokens to the utility pool so that
operators can use them for a nominal fee. This way, node operators can reduce
their capital requirements to ETH-only exposure while SD holders can enjoy
additional rewards and yields amounting to double-digit values by delegating
their SD to the Utility Pool. Those rewards are mostly taken from utilization
fees that node operators have to pay, with a lesser part sourced from
additional SD issuances for early adopters.

In other words, node operators may own zero SD tokens altogether and still run
an ETHx validator, which makes this endeavor much more affordable to minor
operators.

This model brings together the interests of the two key stakeholders in its
ecosystem. As ETHx upscales over time, the Stader team expects more node
operators to join the permissionless set, which would spark more interest in
SD.

Essentially, the SD Utility Pool model massively enhances decentralization in
Ethereum as permissionless node operators gain support from a broad variety of
sources, including individual token holders. At the same time, it creates a
new source of revenue for the latter and puts their governance tokens to work.

## Our Impressions from the SD Utility Pool

Everstake staking experts could not let such a glorious opportunity pass them
by and tried their hand at the SD Utility Pool’s very lucrative offering. We
are pleased to report that they called their experience “superb.”

They tested the system both as delegators and as ETHx node operators. In
particular, they found the process of delegation simple and virtually
effortless and noted that the same goes when they act as node operators since
they could utilize SD with a simple CLI command.

From the technical perspective, the requirements for node operators are quite
minimalistic. You must have an active ETHx node with at least one validator to
utilize SD from the pool, and those SD tokens must be available for repayment
at any time, which is only fair. If an operator can’t ensure the health of the
node, it will be liquidated, and the utilized SD will be recovered by exiting
all validators from the node.

We could keep on using the SD from the pool until 1 ETH worth of utilized SD
per validator has accumulated. This, in the words of our team members, made
the entire experience hassle-free. They also noted that the use of the
solution did not require some extensive experience in DeFi to be employed to
its full potential, which is important since it reduces the chances of human
error.

Aside from that, the obvious advantages of the SD Utility Pool include the
lack of a lock-up period and a very flexible and efficient reward structure,
so the entire solution seems to be sustainable both technologically and
economically.

Overall, Everstake’s experience with the SD Utility Pool has been very
satisfactory, and we can recommend trying it both for individual delegators
and node operators. Its ability to massively reduce capital requirements for
node operators while providing an easy and intuitive way of interacting with
the system can significantly lower the entry threshold for aspiring operators
and thus make the entire Ethereum ecosystem even more diverse, distributed,
and resilient.

On a final note, Stader has been steadily delivering highly secure and
efficient solutions for the liquid staking scene since 2021, and we can expect
that with the addition of the SD Utility Pool, their endeavors to make ETH
liquid staking even more accessible and lucrative will only carry on. Way to
go, guys!

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

