Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

Metaco Talks Ep. 35

# Moving industries on public blockchains

Recording and transcript from live event on **9th of March 2023**  
For this episode of Metaco Talks, we are joined by [Paul
Brody](https://www.linkedin.com/in/pbrody/), Global Blockchain Leader at
[EY](https://www.ey.com/). Based out of San Francisco, Paul is responsible for
driving EY’s initiatives and investments in blockchain technology across
consulting, audit, and tax business lines, including the build out of EY’s
first global SaaS platform [Blockchain.EY.com](https://blockchain.ey.com/).  
  
**Topics discussed**

Privacy-first, permissionless, open blockchains;  
Blockchain, digital asset & DeFi use cases in financial services;  
Mass adoption & use cases for corporates across all industries.

  * __

March 9, 2023

  *  __46 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer, Metaco)

See video recordingRead transcript

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fmoving-industries-on-blockchain-paul-brody-ey%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fmoving-industries-on-blockchain-paul-brody-ey%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/metaco-talks-logo.png?x88149)
  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/ey-metaco-talks.png?x88149)

## Play video recording

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/mt-
ep-35-li-2.jpg?x88149)

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/ey-paul-brody-v2-1-copy.png?x88149)

Speaker

With Brody at the helm, EY was the first Big 4 firm to commit to public
blockchains such as Ethereum. Since then, it has launched public blockchain
solutions, including participating in the creation of the Baseline protocol
alongside ConsenSys and Microsoft, which aims to help enterprises adopt the
public blockchain. He also helped build the industry’s first smart contract
testing platform and first on-chain audit platform. Paul also led the
pioneering efforts in creating Nightfall, a breakthrough technology that
brings the benefits of privacy to the Ethereum network and Starlight, a
prototype private business logic compiler. Both technologies were open sourced
to boost awareness of public blockchains as well as confidence in their
security and transparency.  
Brody is an established thought leader in the blockchain space and has been a
[regular contributor and author to
CoinDesk](https://www.coindesk.com/author/Paul%20Brody/) since 2018, with c.50
published blogs on a broad range of blockchain topics.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/ey-metaco-
talks.png?x88149)

Paul Brody

Global Blockchain Leader at EY

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/seamus-donoghue-webinar.png?x88149)

Host

Seamus has extensive domain expertise in investment banking, wealth
management, commodities and crypto markets that spans market structure,
regulations and technology. He spent 20 years building and managing trading
operations across all the global financial centres with JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, Barclays and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Seamus Donoghue

Chief Growth Officer

## Full transcript

 _*Disclaimer: The accuracy of the transcript is not guaranteed. This is not
investment advice, and any opinions expressed here are the sole opinions of
the individuals, not of the institutions they represent._

[00:00:11] **Seamus:** Welcome to the 35th episode of Metaco Talks. Today
we’re speaking with Paul Brody, Global Blockchain leader at EY based out of
San Francisco. Paul is responsible for driving EY’s initiatives and investment
in blockchain technology across consulting, audit, and tax business lines,
including the builder of EY’s first global SaaS platform,
[www.blockchain.ey.com](http://www.blockchain.ey.com).

With him at the helm, EY was the first firm to commit to public blockchains
such as Ethereum, and since then it has launched Public Blockchain Solutions,
including participating in the creation of the baseline protocol alongside
Consensys and Microsoft, and has also helped build industry’s first smart
contract testing platform and first on chain audit platform, as well as being
responsible for other industry leading technologies including the Nightfall
and Starlight platforms.

Paul, welcome to Metaco Talks.

[00:01:00] **Paul:** Thanks for having me.

[00:01:03] **Seamus:** Okay. Well, let’s dive right in. Can we start with a
little bit of your background? I’m mean full-time, EY blockchain leads since
2016. It’s pretty early from an institutional perspective to make that bet.
How’d you get there?

[00:01:14] **Paul:** I got there actually because I went down this like
blockchain rabbit hole all the way back really starting in 2013. I was working
at IBM as the VP and the head of Global Electronics industry, and we were
starting to talk to clients about handling the complexity of large scale IoT
networks.

One of the things we realized, we had these a-ha moments, hey, these smart
devices that we’re carrying, they’re idle most of the time. The same chips
that power smart devices are going in light bulbs and doorknobs and washing
machines. I had a client, Samsung, they said, “We just need fundamentally a
cheaper way to run our large-scale computing business for all these IoT
networks. These devices are going to be in service for years, it costs money.
It’s not a big deal when you have like $1000 smartphone, but it starts to be a
really big deal when you have say a billion light bulbs that are likely to
last about 10 years.” They were starting to think very strategically about the
future. We started to think about distributed computing infrastructure where
these devices would manage themselves.

As you know, there’s quite a lot of these different distributed computing
infrastructures out there. We started to look at Bitcoin and a couple of other
things, and we were interested in Bitcoin. We used to sit around, we used to
joke, we said, “The cool thing about crypto and blockchain systems is, in some
ways they’re very inefficient. But does it matter if they’re inefficient?”
Because you know, you’ve got all these devices, they’re idle. We would always
joke with like, “Hey, I don’t know what anyone’s going to pay for with the
internet of things, but somebody will figure it out and when they do they’ll
be so happy they have payments and accounts.”

About halfway through the project, sometime in 2014, one of my colleagues came
to me and said, “I’ve met this guy, he’s a little strange, but I think you’d
really like him. He wants to do Bitcoin, but for computing.” I was like,
“Well, this sounds really interesting. I want to meet him.”

I met Vitalik Buterin. In fact, I met him a couple times. Funny thing was it
was actually in Switzerland, he came to the IBM lab I think in Zurich, and we
worked together a little bit. He worked with our team as well. It was eye-
opening and it was a lot of fun. We switched over from thinking about Bitcoin
to really focusing on Ethereum, and we built this prototype platform for
Samsung based on the alpha version of Ethereum. Then we added some other
features like messaging and BitTorrent. We integrated BitTorrent in there
because we wanted large file transfer.

We showed it off in January of 2015 at CES. I went down that rabbit hole and I
knew, once I had really understood it, I was like, this is transformational.
This is transformational, this is on a par with the arrival of mobile data or
ERP or supply chain planning. I knew at that point that was something I wanted
to go really invest my time in. I left IBM in large part because IBM didn’t
want me to really focus on that. They wanted me much more focused on mobile, I
wanted to do blockchain. I went to EY where they expressed a great interest in
mobile and IOT and blockchain, and EY was trying to become much more tech-
centric and tech driven. It took me about a year after arriving at EY to
convince our senior leadership that we shouldn’t just do a little bit of
blockchain stuff, we should take it very seriously and it should be one of our
foundational technology plays alongside AI and 5G.

[00:04:46] **Seamus:** Fascinating journey. Particularly moving from IBM,
which now is fully embracing this space, to EY.

As you said, you made some personal bets in this space, and then you’ve been
driving some of those, let’s say institutional bets in EY. Are you able to
give us a background of what those issues are and how EY’s position, the value
chain, what kinds of solutions they offer, and particularly how did you
convince them about public chains and permission chains? That was completely
out of the ordinary in 2017.

[00:05:13] **Paul:** We’ve been zeroed in on public chain for a while. Here I
think some of my background as a bit of a history nerd and a technology nerd,
and a strategy guy, had some roles to play. I’ve had a lot of experience. I
started my career at McKinsey. I spent a lot of time at IBM, which is a tech
company that’s steeped in history. My mother was a mainframe software
developer, my father was a nuclear physicist. I have a lot of this tech
history in my life.

I started to look at blockchains, and I’m a big believer in this idea that
history repeats. It doesn’t repeat exactly, but as they say, it rhymes. We
went through this before. In the early days of the internet. People were like,
wow, the internet’s crazy, it’s chaotic. But in the end, open networks do tend
to triumph over closed networks. There were several key insights I had. Number
one, open networks tend to triumph over closed networks, because people don’t
want to join somebody else’s proprietary closed network.

Secondly, network technologies are natural monopolies. One of these standard
articles of faith you will hear people in the world of blockchain say is, oh,
we’re going to live in the multi-chain world. No, we don’t live in the multi-
network world. TCP IP started out as a system to connect networks, but in the
end it ended up as **the network** , as the dominant network protocol. Network
technologies are just fundamentally natural monopolies. If you’re going to
have a natural monopoly, that means there’s going to be just one winner.

Historically, by the way, that single winner has tended to emerge within about
a decade of the start of a platform ecosystem. Here we are in, and we were
there in like 2016, 2017, 5 or 6 years into the world of blockchain
ecosystems, and Ethereum was absolutely dominant, and continues to be very
dominant.

Then finally there was a bit of the strategy consultant in me who said, do I
want to be pretty good at 10 different systems, or do I want to be the best at
one? Taking a page from that GE mentality, I said, there’s only going to be
one probably big winner in the long run, it’s going to be a public network. If
we are going to play in this business, we should be the best at Ethereum, not
pretty good at 10 different chains. When I took that logic to our senior
leadership, they were like, “Yeah, we can get behind that.” I will not lie
however, it was brutal. I spent, I feel like a lot of the last 6 or 7 years
often being the unpopular guy in the room saying, “No, we’re not doing it on
Hyperledger. No, we’re not doing it on this. We’re not doing it on that.”

Some of the companies that run these private blockchain ecosystems, they went
to the trouble of tracking down the Chairman of EY at home on the weekend to
complain about me. I’m deeply honored by that. But at the end of the day, and
I’m so grateful to our senior leadership, they response always was, “Listen,
we’ve made our play. We’re doing something a little atypical for consulting
firms who love to say that they’re completely agnostic. We’re not agnostic.
We’ve called a play, we’ve built some solutions.”

Then lastly, very importantly, the last big play that we have is we looked at
Ethereum and we said, what’s missing? Everyone’s trying to make Ethereum more
scalable. But if you come from an enterprise software background as I do, the
first thing you look at when you see Ethereum is, no privacy, right? Privacy
is foundational for enterprises. Individuals don’t see the care as much, but
Enterprises must have it. We have been really laser focused on one key
contribution to the ecosystem as a whole, which is our privacy technology.

That’s just a little bit of the history and how we got.

[00:09:05] **Seamus:** Fascinating journey. I want to dive into privacy, but
before we do, you mentioned something about typically an analogous look at
other technologies, typically takes about 10 years for a network to dominate.
When you think about that in our space, are you thinking Ethereum or it’s a
broader EVM ecosystem?

[00:09:19] **Paul:** I’m thinking Ethereum. The reason I’m thinking Ethereum
is when you hear people say EVM compatible, one of the things that I think a
lot about is these compilers that used to exist, these cross-platform
compilers that would exist for like mobile applications. What I observed, and
you heard really top-notch people in the Valley talk about this, which is,
cross-platform application tools produce mediocre applications. Because
they’re driven to the lowest common denominator, they don’t perform well.
Indeed we’ve really seen that the top performers, if you go look at the mobile
space, they use cross platform tools. They build natively on Android and they
build natively on iOS. I really think if you’re going to make amazing
applications, you’ve got to build natively in the stack. By the way, EVM
compatible isn’t an absolutely perfect guarantee. If you want EVM compatible,
you should really just be doing it on an Ethereum or an Ethereum layer two.

[00:10:21] **Seamus:** Good explanation. Going back to that the privacy angle,
I recently listened to you, I think it was last month, on Bankless podcast,
talked a lot about this. You’ve spoken about the biggest opportunity in the
future and challenge is to have corporate data and processes in permissionless
and open blockchains, but in a way there’s privacy first as you alluded to,
and not attractive to bad actors obviously. Can you dive into that a bit more
and expand on that?

[00:10:44] **Paul:** Enterprise transactions, if you think about how two
companies interact with each other, it’s almost always that one buys something
from the other. I would say the entire world of business boils down to, I’ve
got money, you’ve got stuff.

Unlike financial markets where it’s a swap, in enterprise markets, it’s
actually money for stop exchange under the terms of a business agreement. I
need to do a couple things. First of all, I need to be very good at
articulating what the money is and what the stuff is, and tokenization is
fantastic for that. I do want to come back to tokenization a bit because
tokenization is a step change in how enterprises can think about their money
and their stuff.

But then also enterprises are very good internally using ERP. They’re good at
setting rules and process, like, hey, we have a preferred shipping company,
you’re always going to buy from them. Then the ERP enforces it, it makes it
hard for you to pick from something else. With smart contacts, I could take
that same process consistency and operational consistency, and I could apply
it across my business ecosystem. I could do it in a way that’s very consistent
and operational. I could make sure, for example, if we negotiated in a volume
discount, I always get that discount because I can write it into the smart
contract.

But no enterprise wants to be able to do that in front of everybody else. If
you think about it, there’s two really important things. Number one, when you
buy a device or when a company launches a device, everybody tears it apart
immediately, and you know who’s making the parts in it, somebody’s got to
guess at how much it costs. We know that not everything companies can do is
secret. But it’s very sensitive, how many widgets did you buy? Where are they
now? What’s your average price that you paid for them? Those are some of the
most sensitive secrets in a business. Therefore you’ve got to be able to
execute these transfers and you’ve got to be able to keep the rules of your
business agreements really secret so that your competition cannot see them.

Those are the key strategic goals. Then we had a secondary goal, EY we’re like
the boy scouts of this space. Like, we have to be cleaner than clean. There’s
a democratic part of me, small democracy favor person who loves this idea of
permissionless. This permissionless is so important. I really fundamentally
believe, I have a phrase that says there’s no such thing as permissioned
innovation. Doesn’t exist. Permissionless is important, but at the same time I
do not want our systems that we’ve built, and we have built really great
privacy systems, much better than just a mixer, we’ve built them to be as
permissionless as possible, but we don’t want them to be attractive to bad
actors. This is something that probably pushed back our whole launch by three
or four months as we thought about.

Where we ended up was taking a page from the internet. On the internet,
anybody can use the internet. But if you want to be reasonably trusted by
other people, you need an SSL certificate. Every website has an SSL
certificate. The beauty of SSL certificates and X59, they themselves are a
public and permissionless open standard. Anybody can get them provided you can
meet the requirements. You can get them. There’s no central controlling entity
that’s in charge of these. Instead, there are many companies that issue them,
and they all make the same efforts to follow the same procedure. What we said
was for Nightfall, which is our layer two privacy enabled rollup that’s
running on Ethereum and the polygon proof of state network, if you want to use
it you have to have an enterprise certificate from one of these entities.

In this way, I believe we’ve met a requirement to remain fundamentally
permissionless. But because you can’t get one of those certificates without
showing your enterprise information, without showing your individual identity
and having it screened against various sanctions lists, it’s very unattractive
to bad actors. Because you get privacy in your transactions, but you don’t get
anonym.

[00:15:04] **Seamus:** Interesting path where we’re going then. I can imagine
a lot of applications that company A, as you said doesn’t want company B
seeing what they’re doing. Then you can do this with confidence now in the
public forum.

When we look at the space, it seems to us basically that the financial sector
is the first really thinking about adopting this at scale. What use cases do
you see the banks looking at? Banks and FIs, and maybe give some context to
the projects you looked at. What problems are they solving, the incentives
they have, and what are the challenges they’re facing in this space?

[00:15:32] **Paul:** There’s an incredible range. We’re having so many good
conversations with financial institutions. Some of this stuff is very basic.
It’s like, how do I do DeFi with privacy?

One thing that a lot of people don’t really love is the fact that a lot of the
blockchain ecosystem, it’s really easy to figure out who’s doing what to whom.
As an individual user, if I use a wallet that’s not linked to my ENS address,
I can make a few transactions in a way that is largely anonymous. But if I’m a
private equity investor, I’m a serious family office and I’m starting to buy a
million dollars of stuff, it’s impossible to hide. People will track you down.
You’re creating too much of a trail. Some of this is just people want to have
their proprietary trading strategies kept proprietary. Some of this stuff
we’re talking to is there’s just clients who want to do this that way.

Second thing is non-fungible and low liquidity items. Again, people don’t
always want to disclose all the prices, but they want to have transactions.
With Nightfall, you can do that. We’re talking to quite a few start-ups that
are trying to do low liquidity, things like that. Anything related to an NFT
if you want privacy, you’ve got to do in Nightfall. Mixers only work with like
ERC 20s, and they also make you a bit of a target as well if you’re seen using
a mixer. Non-fungible stuff in financial services.

Where we have a lot of interest is we are a little bit unique in that we’re
still very interested in the industrial side of things, manufacturing, supply
chain traceability, inventory management. A lot of the banks that we’re
talking to have been trying to figure out how do we get in the business of
financing assets, real world assets, that are on chain? We’re just at the cusp
of a big growth in on chain assets, like real world assets. People are really
starting to focus on how to build those out. Once those are out, if I’m
tracking my inventory or my enterprise assets, why shouldn’t I be able to
borrow against them, loan them out, put them to use?

We’re seeing quite a lot of interest there. It’s a little bit slower than the
pure financial stuff because we not only need the privacy tools to mature, but
we also need the real-world connectivity to get a little bit better.

[00:18:00] **Seamus:** Before delving into the bank issue, how do some of
these, let’s say on chain analytics tools, how are they affected by these
privacy solutions? Do you still have the same ability to track what’s
happening?

[00:18:10] **Paul:** You don’t, no. In fact, it’s very funny, I was in
ETHDenver last week, and if you walk around ETHDenver you’ll see there’s a ton
of these on chain analytics companies. I’ve seen myself, if privacy really
takes hold, and I hope it will, it’s going to completely transform their
business. Because right now almost all these on chain analytics tools depend
on the completely public nature of the data, and that’s going away.

We have a few bits and pieces that we’re working on for the next version of
Nightfall. One is the ability to copy an auditor or a regulator on a
transaction. You’d be able to copy your auditor on all your transactions, and
they would be able to mesh them in. We we’re looking for ways to improve the
reporting process. One of the cool things about Nightfall is, somebody can
come to you and say, “Hey, I see that you’re using nightfall.” That’s the only
thing you’d be able to figure out because you’ve got your SSL certificate. But
what is cool is they could say, “I see that you took 300 million out of the
Nightfall Smart contract. How do we know where that came from?” You can submit
your transactional data, and with it you can submit the proof of the
truthfulness of your transactional data.

Even though you won’t be able to tell what everybody else is doing, you will
be able to prove that your transactional data is truthful.

[00:19:35] **Seamus:** Interesting. I think that interesting part of the start
as well, having given the regulators effectively super goggles to see what
happens if you want. Transparency where it’s required.

[00:19:42] **Paul:** Where it’s required. I want to be very clear, there’s no
back doors in Nightfall, there is no regulator that has the ability to see
everything.

Companies will have the choice over time to like do things like copy a
regulator, an auditor. But there’s no backdoor key, there’s no magic key.
There’s nothing, nobody should walk away from this thinking, regulators can
see everything. Not at all. Absolutely not at all. Regulators have lawful
access through the companies that are doing it, and the one thing we’re
committed to is you will not be able to use Nightfall anonymously.

[00:20:17] **Seamus:** Thanks for that context. You mentioned the banks being
on the cusp. Where would you say banks are with internalizing all this
knowledge about how enterprises will interact with blockchain? Where are they
in the considerations of the tech operating model? Do you see the blockchain
teams already formed the majority banks, or is it still a case of in just
investing and learning, experimenting? Where are they in terms of the business
looking to adopt this?

[00:20:41] **Paul:** There’s really a whole spectrum. But if you talk about
the most sophisticated banks, every major hyper sophisticated bank has a
blockchain team, it’s a blockchain team that’s quite sophisticated. There is a
gap between in a lot of banks between the people at the very top and the
people who are a bit closer to the cold face. What I mean by this is, at the
very top of a lot of banks you have a lot of senior executives who don’t
really fundamentally understand blockchain. All they know is that, we can make
cool new digital assets, we can sell some stuff to people, and there’s like a
ton of crooks in this business. When they look at it, they don’t want to be
associated with the crooks. This makes them reflexively opposed to public
blockchains and cryptocurrency.

I’ve met with tons and tons of the people who are doing the implementations,
and we get these really funny encouraging and discouraging message from them.
They say, “Paul, I’m so glad that you’re talking about public blockchains.
It’s really important. The secret truth is that almost all of us here at XYZ
Bank firmly believe that we need to be on public blockchains, and it’s almost
certainly going to be Ethereum, and we’re having trouble convincing our
leadership. Our leadership wants to be in digital assets. They want to be on
blockchains, but they’re still reflexively opposed to Ethereum because it’s a
public blockchain. We have to work them through that because private
blockchains are just like IT projects.” They’re just like little IT projects,
they’re not real marketplaces and they’ll never be meaningfully sustainable.

[00:22:16] **Seamus:** Interesting comment. Let’s take that to the next stage,
banks and DeFi, what’s the reflexive reaction there? It seems very much Wild
West. But we have banks some of the largest global bank and some of the
largest regional banks participate in Project Guardian, interacting with DeFi
protocols. If it a defensive or offensive how the banks look at that space?

[00:22:33] **Paul:** It’s a defensive approach. I’ve argued that DeFi is to
banking what app stores were to wireless network companies. You used to hear
network companies and others talk about over the top, right? This idea that
consumer can access entertainment and video and things like that, over the top
of the cable TV system or the approved wireless network infrastructure. DeFi
in a sense does that as well. DeFi allows you to access these niche
applications. I’ve built a perfect little lending protocol, I’ve built a
perfect little collateralization tool, I’ve built a perfect little liquidity
tool.

It’s a little bit like the way app stores work. You want a task management
app, there’s like a thousand of them in the app store, and everybody’s got the
one that they think works perfectly for them. There’s this plethora of stuff.
Banks are struggling with this question, a little bit like cable TV companies
and wireless companies are saying, how do I want to deal with this? If I
ignore it, my clients will start to go around me over time. For sure, by the
way, banks that ignore it will delay adoption. But they never stop it. There
are others who are looking at this and saying, is this an opportunity for me?
Can I build a curation model? Can I be the gateway for access? Can I be the
toll road?

I think a little bit like some of the very successful cable and wireless
companies, the successful banks in the future are going to look at us and say,
our customers are going to want this, we’re going to do two things. We’re
going to be the on/off ramp, which is essential; and we’re going to have like
a curation model and we’re going to make money on the traffic and the
curation, and maybe we’re going to offer one or two services of our own for
where we are really exceptionally good at.

I think those are the smart ones. They’re looking ahead at that, they see that
parallel and they’re starting to think about it. But I think inherently, it’s
starting from a defensive model. They’re aware that there’s this insurgency.

One of the arguments that you sometimes hear from those who are bitterly
opposed to DeFi is they say it’s just regulatory arbitrage. There’s some truth
to that, by the way. DeFi protocols are cheaper in part because many of them
have no regulatory structure. But I would argue the same way that ride
sharing, think about Ride sharing, it was illegal everywhere. Let’s be honest,
there were very few praises where Ride sharing was technically legal. It was
almost always a violation of some taxi lobbies, exclusivity program or
medallion thing, whatever. But at the end of the day customers want it, and it
produced a vastly better experience. What’s interesting to see now is that
where Ride shares have been legalized and regulated, they’re still immensely
popular because their value proposition includes regulatory arbitrage. But
even when the regulatory arbitrage part goes away and they’re fully regulated,
they’re still a better user experience.

I think the advantage that these DeFi protocols have is that they have no
history in baggage. Even when they come into compliance, they can do it in a
much more efficient, totally modern way. Banks have a huge advantage too. They
know all about customers, they know all about regulation. Their major
disadvantage is they’ve got a lot of legacy process and complexity that adds
cost to their structure, and they can’t easily remove it. But they’re not sure
how much of it is really necessary.

[00:26:21] **Seamus:** It’s interesting, it aligns very much the way our
vision of the market and what we hear back more and more from some of the
largest banks, is that indeed there’s a defensive element, but there’s a
potential offensive element when you think about a bank’s main role as
intermediate trust. They have this huge cost structure to do that, and
potentially move to an algorithm that operates 24/7, 365, at zero marginal
cost. Can they change that model from intermediation to a fee based? I think
you said it exactly, a fee-based model and they’re the regulated bridge to
this curated ecosystem potentially.

[00:26:50] **Paul:** Right. The curation part, I think banks really
underestimate how much value can be created from curation.

If there’s a thousand lending protocols, offering the three or four that are
top quality to your customers is worth money. Indeed, in many ways, if you
look at search engines, one of the things that’s super frustrated, like the
best newspapers and others, is that they’ve discovered that the search engines
are better at making money off their content than they are because the search
engines serve up this curated.

Now, I would argue, it seems like the curation process is being overwhelmed by
the spam manufacturing process right now. But the power of curation, there’s
an additional advantage in finance, which is that when you go to a search
engine and you are looking for an article or something, it’s a low stakes
activity. You don’t care so much about quality, and you might be willing to
live with the possibility that every now and again you get directed to one of
these link farms. It’s not like that with your money. With your money, with
your investments, your tolerance for risk and low quality is much lower, and
the value creation of curation becomes much higher.

I think there’s a much bigger opportunity here than many banks realize in the
curation portion. A lot of them are saying, how are we going to offer all
these DeFi services? My answer would be, you shouldn’t try to. You should
think about offering one or two that you are exceptionally good at, and
curating the rest.

[00:28:25] **Seamus:** We’ve seen what happens when everyone’s just chasing
the highest yield in the market on their own without any guidance. Tthat’s
been an education in the last year and a half. We’ve talked a lot about the
banking space, what’s happening there, and obviously there’s a lot going on.
Where’s the corporate sector in this journey? How far along are they, and what
are the use cases they’re looking at, which industries are moving? How are
they approaching the whole space?

[00:28:47] **Paul:** The corporate sector has been really slow. The main
reason the corporate sector has been really slow is they went down this rabbit
hole of private blockchains. Private blockchains don’t work. Almost every
single private blockchain system out there has basically collapsed or failed.
That was an expensive lesson.

I’ll give you an example. I talked to a company, they participated in one of
these private blockchain consortia, and they’re like, “Yeah, we tried
blockchain, it doesn’t work.” No, you didn’t try blockchain. It does work, but
you didn’t really try it. That is a really tough thing because now in their
minds, they tried blockchain, it didn’t work, it was a fad. It’s going to be
like three or four years before that company revisits the topic.

I understand why so many companies tried private blockchains, because if you
look at what’s doable on a public blockchain, the available set of use cases
was very small. This was super frustrating. You can do like some level of
product traceability on a public chain, but that’s it. Now with privacy, we
can unlock all these cases. For the first time in quite a few years, we can go
to clients and say inventory management, asset management, procurement. The
priority over the next few years is to take these messages back to clients and
systematically unlock more and more industrial use cases.

Now, the way that we’re going to go about that, and the way that I foresee
this industry developing, is first we’re going to start with the things that
are not overly complex. That means tracking items under privacy, moving them
around, and engaging in relatively simple business logic. We are very
confident that we can do those kinds of things with Nightfall and Starlight
really well. We have our first prototype customers for inventory manage in the
pharmaceutical industry, just one token per product. Easy stuff. The beauty of
that is that you can start to have the operational data.

Our second thing that we’re going to show in May at our EY Global Summit is
our first procurement system, where I can have a business agreement with you,
we can agree upon something like a rebate or a volume discount, and the smart
contract which runs as a zero knowledge circuit fully private on chain, will
always automatically apply our agreed upon discount. We can start to show
simple logic like that, and over the next few years we can ramp up the
integration quality, the volumes. We know, for example, today we think we can
do about 260 million transactions a day on the polygon proof of stake network.
That’s good. But by the way, just the automotive industry alone, if we wanted
to bring them on board, we need 4 billion a day. Some of the stuff that’s in
the near term roadmap are things like EDI integration, EDI, moving people from
the legacy business to business messaging into real supply chain coordination,
tokenization.

I said I would come back to tokenization. That is a revolution for how
companies can manage their asset and product stuff. It creates a standardized
model that we’ve never really had before, and then allows you to create a
token and move it around the supply chain and build it with value track carbon
associated with it, buy it, sell it, borrow against it. It turns your
enterprise data into real assets that behave like tokens and are managed with
financial discipline.

[00:32:25] **Seamus:** Fascinating. I’ve listened to your comments about the
number of transactions before. It sounds like scalability is one of the near
term issues to really get the use case to these firms in place.

[00:32:36] **Paul:** I’m getting more and more comfortable. We’ve tasked our
R&D team with giving us a roadmap to 4 billion transactions a day. We can see
a path to 3.7 billion a day in the next couple of years. I think it will take
us a couple of years just to even get close to the 260 million a day we can do
now. But I want to have that roadmap, because at the end of the day, when
you’re talking to an enterprise client, you need to tell them, “We’re building
something that’s going to have a future. We have a confidence in the long-term
roadmap.” We’ve got clients that for a single product line, need to generate 8
million NFTs a day.

[00:33:20] **Seamus:** I remember you making similar comments to the pharma
industry, a huge number of discreet transactions per day. Is there a
particular region, or let’s say country, where you see more activity on the
corporate side where it’s moving faster than others?

[00:33:33] **Paul:** Yeah, there’s these very distinctive patterns. For the
US, you’ll see some very sophisticated, bigger companies starting to pilot
stuff.

In Europe, the thing I’ve been really impressed with our European teams is
they’ve had a lot of success selling a lot of smaller projects. One that I’m
really proud of is in Italy, we create a unique token for every article that’s
generated by Italy’s biggest news agency, ANSA. Just very quietly over the
last couple of years, we’ve generated a couple million tokens that prevent the
falsification of their articles. They’re basically hashes and tokens attached
to an article, and you can actually verify that the article you’re looking at
isn’t been faked or spoofed.

Europeans are doing a lot of small singles. Americans, there’s a few American
companies are doing some really mega deals in the industrial space. Then
finance is moving faster in Europe because of the MiCa Law and the regulatory
environment in Switzerland, both of which are giving people a bit more comfort
that they can proceed faster than the less certain regulatory environment in
the US.

[00:34:43] **Seamus:** Yeah, we’re seeing exactly the same thing. The US
opacity slows innovation, but at least they can innovate internally. But
obviously they need a clear view to build the ecosystem.

[00:34:54] **Paul:** Right. The good news is, as I always remind our
industrial clients, there’s no regulatory review required for you to tokenize
your inventory. You can just jump into that one.

[00:35:06] **Seamus:** We’re coming up on the end of the time here. What’s
next for EY and what’s next for Paul Brody?

[00:35:11] **Paul:** My personal mission is to change how the entire world
does business, to move everybody onto public blockchains. What’s next for us
is a couple of things. Number one, we have to lead by example. We’re going to
bring applications to market that use privacy and make it a standardized tool.

Number two, we want to create an ecosystem. One other thing everybody should
know who’s watching this, Nightfall and Starlight are public domain and open
source. EY has relinquished all ownership over these assets. They are fully
public systems because we want other people to use them. I want to create a
thriving ecosystem. Nightfall is the only layer two privacy solution that has
any form of regulatory structure and compliance functionality. I want to see
companies build on top of that. For me, the job is heavily entwined with the
mission. I’m going to be here doing it until I feel like I’m not adding enough
value to move it forward, which could be a while.

[00:36:26] **Seamus:** Paul, it’s been great having you here. It’s hard to
listen to you and not get excited about the space, so we will follow your work
closely. Thanks for your time today. Really appreciate it.

[00:36:34] **Paul:** Thank you very much. Thank you for having me.

[00:36:38] **Seamus:** To our guests, thanks for joining and hope you enjoyed
the episode. Till next time. As always, see you next time. Thanks for joining.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** previous episodes

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

