  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [Bitcoin vs
Ethereum](/blog/bitcoin-vs-ethereum)

##### Cryptocurrency

# Bitcoin vs Ethereum

Published on: Mar 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Brief Overview of Bitcoin and Ethereum**
  * **Comparison of Bitcoin and Ethereum**
  * **ETFs**
  * **How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Buy Ethereum Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore the differences between Bitcoin and Ethereum, two of the biggest
cryptocurrencies. Also discover how to securely buy BTC and ETH using Trust
Wallet.

![Bitcoin vs Ethereum](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_vs_ethereum_83c8f3defe.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) and
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) are considered to be the
two pillars of the crypto world. As pioneering iterations of blockchain
technology, Bitcoin and Ethereum have revolutionized the digital landscape and
transformed the way we perceive and interact with money. Join us as we explore
the unique characteristics and functionalities of Bitcoin (BTC) and Ethereum
(ETH).

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Brief Overview of Bitcoin and Ethereum

[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) was introduced in 2009 by
"Satoshi Nakamoto," the pseudonym for the person or people who developed
Bitcoin. The world’s first [cryptocurrency](https://trustwallet.com), Bitcoin,
operates on a decentralized peer-to-peer network and serves as a digital
alternative to traditional currencies. Bitcoin's primary purpose is as a store
of value and medium of exchange, allowing users to send and receive payments,
without the need for intermediaries like banks.

[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/ethereum), launched in 2015 by
Vitalik Buterin and a team of developers, represents a significant advancement
in blockchain technology. Unlike Bitcoin, Ethereum is not solely focused on
being a digital currency. Instead, it serves as a decentralized platform for
building and deploying smart contracts and decentralized applications (DApps).
Ethereum's native cryptocurrency, Ether (ETH), is used to power transactions
and execute smart contracts on the Ethereum network.

Both Bitcoin and Ethereum have played pivotal roles in shaping the
cryptocurrency industry and blockchain ecosystem. While Bitcoin remains the
dominant digital currency and store of value, Ethereum has emerged as a
powerful platform for innovation, enabling developers to create a wide range
of decentralized applications and financial instruments.

### Before You Dive In Further

Before we delve into more details on what sets these two digital assets apart,
remember that you can easily sell or [buy
Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) and Ethereum using
trusted third-party providers. Additionally, you can also [stake
Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-eth-pooled-staking)
directly via our trusted partner.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![bitcoin-vs-ethereum-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_vs_ethereum_1_996af2e0f2.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## Comparison of Bitcoin and Ethereum

This comparison provides insights into the technological differences, use
cases, and more:

### Technology

[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-bitcoin-using-trust-wallet-
a-visual-guide) operates on a blockchain designed for peer-to-peer
transactions and ownership record-keeping. Its blockchain architecture focuses
on providing a decentralized digital currency and store of value. Bitcoin
utilizes a Proof-of-Work (PoW) consensus mechanism, where miners compete to
validate transactions and add blocks to the blockchain through complex
mathematical puzzles. Bitcoin’s limited scripting language allows for basic
transaction functionality, but lacks the robustness to support complex smart
contracts.

Ethereum's blockchain architecture goes beyond simple transactions.
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum) is a
decentralized platform that supports smart contracts and decentralized
applications (DApps). It features a more advanced blockchain capable of
executing complex programmable transactions and interactions. Ethereum first
operated on a Proof-of-Work consensus mechanism. Ethereum, however,
transitioned to a Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus mechanism in 2022. The shift
to Proof-of-Stake aimed to make the network more sustainable, secure, and
scalable. Ethereum features a Turing-complete programming language, enabling
developers to create customizable and programmable smart contracts that can
automate a wide range of processes and interactions.

### Use Cases

In terms of use cases, Bitcoin serves primarily as a digital currency and
store of value, often compared to gold for its scarcity and decentralization.
Ethereum functions as a programmable blockchain platform, enabling developers
to build and deploy DApps, DeFi protocols, and
[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft). While Bitcoin is respected for its
simplicity and security as a digital currency, Ethereum earns value for its
versatility and utility in facilitating various decentralized applications and
financial services.

### Market Performance

Market performance is another key factor to consider. Bitcoin, as the first
cryptocurrency and the largest by market capitalization, has experienced
significant price volatility throughout its history. Ethereum, with its
expanding ecosystem and utility, has also shown substantial growth, but is
often subject to similar market fluctuations as Bitcoin. Both cryptocurrencies
play a prominent role in the cryptocurrency market, with Bitcoin maintaining
the highest market capitalization and Ethereum as the second-largest.

![bitcoin-vs-ethereum-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_vs_ethereum_2_b74ae0706a.png&w=3840&q=75)

## ETFs

ETFs, or Exchange-Traded Funds, have emerged as popular investment vehicles,
providing investors with diversified exposure to various asset classes,
including cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin and Ethereum.

### The Status of Bitcoin ETFs

Bitcoin ETFs have attracted interest in various regions, offering traditional
investors a way to gain exposure to Bitcoin without directly holding the
underlying asset. The first [Spot Bitcoin
ETF](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-spot-etf-approval-a-milestone-for-
crypto) recently became available in the United States in January 2024,
following a successful lawsuit by Grayscale. A Spot Bitcoin ETF holds actual
Bitcoin, meaning their price tracks the price of Bitcoin itself.

### The Status of Ethereum ETFs

Various countries have introduced Ethereum ETFs, providing investors with
exposure to Ethereum's price movements and performance. At time of writing,
there is no Spot Ethereum ETF available in the United States because of
ongoing regulatory scrutiny by the [Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-sec-role-in-crypto-a-
beginners-guide).

The regulatory review process involves addressing concerns related to
Ethereum's classification as a security and ensuring compliance with
regulatory requirements. Additionally, managing and securing the underlying
assets within the [Ethereum ETF](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-etfs-
overview) structure present logistical challenges that require careful
consideration.

## How to Buy Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

You can [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), including Bitcoin,
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of BTC you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![bitcoin-vs-ethereum-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_vs_ethereum_4_47feedc088.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Buy Ethereum Using Trust Wallet

You can also [buy Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/ethereum),
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Ethereum” or “ETH” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of ETH you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![bitcoin-vs-ethereum-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_vs_ethereum_3_ffa25edba6.png&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to Bitcoin and Ethereum, Trust Wallet lets you
manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download
the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

