[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Claim Alpine Race Collectibles for Once-in-a-Lifetime Formula 1 Experiences

2023-03-31

## Main Takeaways

  * In February 2022, we launched the Alpine Fan Token in partnership with the BWT Alpine F1 Team.

  * April 2023 will see the launch of [Alpine Race Collectibles](http://bit.ly/3zpspXf) — the newest addition to the Alpine Fan Token ecosystem.

  * For each F1 GP, we’ll release 6,000 digital Alpine Race Collectibles. Six of those 6,000 will be Super Super Rare (SSR) NFTs, and will come with the rights to a once-in-a-lifetime experience.

  * For the Australian Grand Prix on April 2, the reward attached to that weekend’s Alpine Race Collectible is a chance to visit the Alpine factory in the UK.

_Read on to learn everything you need to know about the newest addition to the
Alpine Fan Token ecosystem, and the rewards on offer through these special
digital collectibles.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230331/67604e4a-576b-4264-a1a8-a31cbf80bdf6)_This
is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be
available in your region._

The Binance Fan Token Platform is the premier crypto hub for sports fans and
their favorite teams. Binance is constantly adding top-tier sports clubs to
Fan Token’s roster – as well as some of the most exciting brands in gaming,
e-sports and entertainment – to bring the fan experience into the crypto world
and to new heights.

With digital tokens, fans can participate in a range of exciting activities
that involve unique rewards, signed merchandise, special team and brand
experiences, as well as access to limited edition NFTs and exclusive votes on
club-related decisions.

In February 2022, we launched the [Alpine Fan
Token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/alpine?utm_source=fan-token) in partnership with the BWT Alpine F1
Team — a renowned F1 constructor previously known as the Renault F1 Team that
debuted as Alpine at the beginning of the 2021 F1 season.

With Alpine Fan Tokens, you can gain access to once-in-a-lifetime experiences,
such as visiting Alpine's state-of-the-art factories in the UK and France,
participating in unique driving experiences, and even meeting Alpine drivers
Pierre Gasly and Esteban Ocon.

These experiences were previously out of reach for most Alpine fans, but with
Fan Tokens, you can take your interaction with your favorite F1 team to the
next level.

## What Are Alpine Race Collectibles?

Alpine Race Collectibles are the latest addition to the Alpine Fan Token
ecosystem. These digital collectibles are expertly crafted by the artisans at
Alpine, then transformed into unique, limited edition collectibles by the
Alpine Fan Token team.

Starting with the Australian GP on April 2 and running throughout the 2023 F1
race calendar, we’ll release a new collectible for each race day. As such, for
each GP, fans can look forward to the release of an associated Alpine Race
Collectible.

Each digital collectible will feature stunning art and design, making it a
must-have for any true fan. But it doesn't stop there — in addition to the fun
of collecting these beautiful assets, the Alpine Race Collectibles also come
with unique rewards for fans.

For instance, the reward attached to the Alpine Race Collectible for the
Australian Grand Prix is the chance to visit the Alpine factory in the UK,
where you can witness first-hand the development and testing of these
incredible F1 cars.

So what are you waiting for? Mark your calendars and get ready to collect
Alpine Race Collectibles to join the exclusive world of Alpine fandom.

_This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may
not be available in your region._

##  How Does The Reward System Work?

For each F1 GP, we’ll release 6,000 Alpine Race Collectibles to the public.
Six of these collectibles will be special Super Super Rare (SSR) NFTs, and
tied to the weekend's rewards. These SSR NFTs will be distributed amongst the
6,000 collectors at no extra cost, and with no way for users to specifically
select them.

If you're one of the lucky few to claim an SSR NFT, the Fan Token team will
contact you via the email attached to your Binance User ID with more info on
participating in that week’s rewards. For instance, if the reward for that
race weekend is a factory visit, the six claimants of the SSR NFTs will be
directly invited to participate in that activity.

However, don’t worry even if you can’t take part in that week’s activity.
You'll have two weeks to sell your SSR NFT, along with its associated rewards,
on our NFT marketplace. For example, if your Race Collectibles are available
on April 2, you'll have up to April 16 (23:59, UTC+0) to trade them.

At the cut-off time, those holding the SSR NFTs will have the right to
participate in that week’s reward. We'll contact them privately via the email
addresses associated with their Binance accounts for more details. However,
please note that users who buy SSR NFTs after the cut-off period won't be able
to claim the rewards.

With our new reward system, collecting Alpine Race Collectibles has never been
more thrilling. Start collecting from April 2 and see what rewards await you!

## How to Claim an Alpine Race Collectible

### For new users

Alpine Race Collectibles will be free to claim for all new users.

  1. Simply head to the [landing page](http://bit.ly/3zpspXf), select the available Alpine Race Collectible, and click to obtain the Mystery Box.

  2. To open the Mystery Box and claim the Alpine Race Collectible it contains, simply complete ID verification (KYC).

  3. In addition, all new users who sign up to claim their very first Alpine Race Collectible will also be automatically rewarded with 3 USD worth of Alpine Fan Tokens!

### For existing users

  1. Each existing user must have 20 Alpine Fan Tokens in their wallet to claim the Mystery Box and access the Alpine Race Collectible it contains.

  2. Simply head to the landing page, select the available Alpine Race Collectible, click to obtain the Mystery Box, then open it.

## Further Reading

  * [Binance Fan Token Platform](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token?utm_source=fan-token)

  * (FAQ) [Introducing the Binance Fan Token Platform](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d7b9cad2afbb47208921beb52d1ccd01)

  * (Academy) [What Are Binance Fan Tokens?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-binance-fan-tokens)

* * *

_**Disclaimer:**_ _Binance Fan Tokens may fluctuate in value and you should
conduct your own due diligence of the suitability of tokens and the risks
involved before you enter into any transaction. To access and use the Binance
Fan Token Platform you must go through our mandatory KYC and Identity
Verification process and agree to the_[Binance Fan Tokens Terms and
Conditions](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token?utm_source=fan-token) _.
Binance has the right to modify and terminate tokens, utility features, and
the entire Binance Fan Token Platform with all its related content without
notice or liability to users. It is your responsibility to determine whether
you are permitted to use the services of the Binance Fan Token Platform based
on the legal requirements in your country of residence. This is a general
announcement. Products and services referred to here may not be available in
your region. The value of your NFT may go down or up. NFTs are subject to high
market risk. Binance is not responsible for verifying the identity, legitimacy
or authenticity of any NFT. NFTs are not regulated in most countries, however
please ensure you are permitted to access our Binance NFT Marketplace based on
your circumstances. For further details, see the Binance NFT Terms and
Conditions, our_[Terms of Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Claim Alpine Race Collectibles for Once-in-a-Lifetime Formula 1 Experiences

Main Takeaways

What Are Alpine Race Collectibles?

How Does The Reward System Work?

How to Claim an Alpine Race Collectible

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

