This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * [Breakpoint](/breakpoint)
  * [Travel](/breakpoint/travel)
  * [FAQ](/breakpoint/faq)
  * [Tickets](/breakpoint/tickets)
  * [Sponsor](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/2024sponsorship)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbreakpoint-
hero-2024.6d87d7b4.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

# Code of Conduct

#### Solana Foundation Events Code of Conduct

The Solana Foundation (“Foundation”) is committed to the principles of
diversity, equity, inclusion, and respect. The Foundation has established this
Code of Conduct to ensure that everyone can safely enjoy the events that we
organize. This Code of Conduct applies to all attendees of Foundation events,
including, but not limited to, Foundation employees and contractors,
volunteers, speakers, vendors, and sponsors. By participating in a Foundation
event, you agree to abide by the policies set forth in this Code of Conduct.
At the Foundation’s discretion, those deemed in violation of this Code of
Conduct will be removed from the event venue immediately without a refund and
barred from future Foundation events.

**Expected Behavior: How should I participate?**

  * Be present and participate actively. 
  * Be mindful of your surroundings and of your fellow participants. 
  * Act with respect towards everyone you encounter.
  * Be supportive, open, and willing to learn.

**Prohibited Behavior: What is considered a violation of this code of
conduct?**

  * Inappropriate physical contact
  * Unwelcome sexual attention
  * Display of sexual images in public spaces
  * Deliberate verbal or physical intimidation
  * Sustained disruption of talks or other events
  * Advocating for or encouraging any of the above behaviors

Because of the following but not limited to:

  * Race
  * Ethnicity
  * Gender
  * Gender identity and expression
  * Sexual orientation
  * Disability
  * Physical appearance
  * Body size
  * Age
  * Religion

This Code of Conduct embodies the Foundation’s core values and represents a
minimum standard of conduct that the Foundation believes is necessary to
ensure a safe, inclusive, and enjoyable environment. As such, the Foundation
reserves the right to deny entry to, or eject from, Foundation events any
person whose in-person or online conduct, either prior to, during, or
subsequent to, a Foundation event, violates this Code of Conduct or its
underlying principles in such a manner as to create a threat to the security
or enjoyment of other attendees or future attendees. Any person denied entry
to, or ejected from, a Foundation event on these grounds shall not be entitled
to a refund of any entry or event fee previously paid.

**How do I report an incident?  **

If you experience or witness a violation of this Code of Conduct, please
report it to
[solanaeventsteam@solana.org](mailto:solanaeventsteam@solana.org).

If you need to reach security on the Breakpoint campus, please visit one of
the _Information Booths.  _

In case of a life-threatening situation or emergency, please call the National
emergency number _112.  _

We appreciate your cooperation in making the Solana community a safer place
for everyone. Thank you for your commitment to this Code of Conduct.

![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)

[Solana Foundation Events Code of Conduct](/breakpoint/code-of-conduct)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

