  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[The Impact of Blobs on Ethereum Layer 2 Fees](/blog/the-impact-of-blobs-on-
ethereum-layer2-fees)

##### Blockchain

# The Impact of Blobs on Ethereum Layer 2 Fees

Published on: Mar 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Blobs and Proto-Danksharding**
  * **How Blobs Could Reshape Layer 2 Fees**
  * **The Future Development of Blobs and Fee Reduction**

##### In Brief

Discover how Ethereum's Dencun upgrade and blobs lower Layer 2 fees, enhance
scalability, and propel network efficiency for a better future.

![The Impact of Blobs on Ethereum Layer 2
Fees](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblobs_impact_layer2_fees_d1f08dd475.png&w=3840&q=75)

Ethereum faces limitations regarding transaction output, confirmation times,
and general network capacity, similar to many other blockchain networks.
However, the recent implementation of the [Dencun
upgrade](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-dencun-upgrade-explained) could
potentially offload some data storage and transaction processing from the
blockchain’s primary layer.

Dencun’s Proto-Danksharding introduces blobs that improve Ethereum’s
scalability and increase L2 data handling capacity at reduced fees. This guide
explores the potential positive impact of blobs on Ethereum gas fees across
numerous Ethereum layer-2 networks such as
[Optimism](https://trustwallet.com/optimism-wallet),
[Polygon](https://trustwallet.com/polygon-wallet),
[Arbitrum](https://trustwallet.com/arbitrum-wallet),
[Base](https://trustwallet.com/base-wallet) and more.

Remember, if you’re interested in the Ethereum ecosystem, you can use a secure
[crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), such as Trust
Wallet to buy, sell, and manage Ethereum (ETH) and tokens on Ethereum Layer 2
protocols.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Understanding Blobs and Proto-Danksharding

**Data blobs, short for Data Binary Large Objects, is a computer science
concept that involves storing large data types like documents, multimedia
files, and different structured or semi-structured data forms.**

The recent introduction of Proto-Danksharding on Ethereum via
[EIP-4844](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4844) (Ethereum Improvement
Proposal) presents blobs that enhance the blockchain's data storage and
handling capacity.

[Proto-Danksharding](https://trustwallet.com/blog/proto-danksharding-ethereum-
move-toward-scalability) splits Ethereum blocks into smaller shards to make
blocks larger by introducing more space, thereby reducing the workload on
nodes. This Danksharding design involves a single validator who fragments the
blocks before dispersing them to all the data shards. The aim is to create a
novel landscape with additional block space to enable Layer 2 (L2) scaling
solutions to process more off-chain transactions cost-effectively.

Ethereum’s [Dencun upgrade](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-dencun-
upgrade-explained) leverages blobs to offer rollups a temporary scaling
relief. The process addresses the network’s scalability challenges, making L2
transactions cheaper and more efficient.

Specifically, Proto-Danksharding introduces a “blob-carrying” transaction,
which creates extra space for data in transactions by limiting the number of
blobs per block to 16, with a maximum of 128 KB each, thereby adding at least
2MB of space to each block.

## How Blobs Could Reshape Layer 2 Fees

Ethereum previously stored all L2 transactions in L1 CALLDATA. However, the
downside of CALLDATA is its limited space. All data therein must be processed
by Ethereum nodes and stored on-chain, leading to excessive data availability
costs.

Theoretically, permanently storing L2 transaction data on the expensive
Ethereum L1 is unnecessary; such storage is only temporarily required for
fraud proofing and other validation requirements.

![blobs-impact-layer2-fees-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblobs_impact_layer2_fees_2_dfaa597b41.png&w=3840&q=75)

In terms of costs, Ethereum L2 transactions lacked proper storage. From a data
perspective, up to 80% of L2 transaction costs and gas fees involved high data
storage costs in CALLDATA.

EIP-4844 introduces data blobs that can be used for L2 network settlement
instead of CALLDATA to solve Ethereum’s scalability issues. The primary
benefit of this development is reduced Ethereum gas fees for the L2s since
blobs significantly reduce posting costs, ensuring that the fees remain at the
near minimum most of the time.  
With the Dencun upgrade, L2 transactions are directly submitted to blobs for
storage instead of competing for CALLDATA space. Moreover, blob data gets
deleted automatically after one month, reducing redundant storage overheads
and reducing transaction fees while increasing transaction output by expanding
block space for L2 solutions.

Should the developer’s goal of eventually attaching 64 blobs per block be
achieved, the upgrade will increase L2’s throughput by up to 40 times.

## The Future Development of Blobs and Fee Reduction

**The deployment of the Dencun upgrade on Ethereum has the potential to bring
fresh momentum to the L2 ecosystem. Besides accelerating the blockchain’s
throughput and significantly reducing fees, the development could bolster L2
projects and facilitate the growth and adoption of the entire Ethereum
ecosystem.**

Proto-Danksharding, a forerunner to full Danksharding, involves implementing
the necessary frameworks, such as verification rules and transaction formats,
before sharding. The resulting enhanced scalability and lower transaction fees
will create enhanced user experiences and faster transactions, making Ethereum
more attractive to DeFi, NFTs, and other applications.

![blobs-impact-layer2-fees-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblobs_impact_layer2_fees_1_ade5a6c50f.png&w=3840&q=75)

By helping address issues related to scalability, these initial stages
represent a ground-breaking development by facilitating faster and more
affordable transactions as the Ethereum ecosystems move towards eventual full
Danksharding.

As the Ethereum blockchain matures in a world that demands low costs, speed,
and efficiency, the role of L2 solutions becomes ever more critical,
especially as these secondary layers make the possibility of blockchain
interoperability a reality.

While the Dencun upgrade aims to solve these issues, it faces potential
challenges such as:

  * **Bugs:** Developers will proceed cautiously to minimize risks associated with potential bugs.

  * **Unpredicted demand:** Lower fees could spark erratic usage and strain capacity.

  * **Interoperability:** Facilitating healthy interaction between L1 and L2 systems with divergent features is a tall order.

  * **Capital migration:** The upgrade could spur a massive capital migration that could disrupt markets in the interim period, irrespective of technical outcomes.

### Conclusion

**The Dencun upgrade promises to transform the Ethereum ecosystem, especially
in processing and validating transactions.**

By dividing the network into smaller parts called “shard chains” that
facilitate the simultaneous processing of transactions, Proto-Danksharding
will improve user experience, expand the blockchain’s use case potential,
increase the network’s capacity to handle more transactions per second, and
help reduce L2 fees.

As [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-ethereum-using-trust-
wallet-a-visual-guide) grows, users can expect more developmental upgrades to
the blockchain. Staying up-to-date with emerging upgrades is essential for any
user who wants to remain relevant within the blockchain ecosystem. Node
operators, who are especially critical in the ecosystem, must keep up with
developments like EIP-4844 to take full advantage of new protocol changes
while taking cautious steps to guarantee a smooth transition.

If successful, the Dencun upgrade is poised to improve scalability and
increase Ethereum’s adoption. Still, the upgrade is in its infancy, and it
remains to be seen how much of an impact the introduction of blobs will have
on the Ethereum ecosystem.

Be sure to explore Ethereum, layer 2s, and everything the ecosystem has to
offer using Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

