[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTM2NSIgaGVpZ2h0PSI3MTEiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAxMzY1IDcxMSIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPGcgb3BhY2l0eT0iMC4zIj4KPHJlY3QgeT0iOTIuNzM5MSIgd2lkdGg9IjE0Mi45NzMiIGhlaWdodD0iNjEuODI2MSIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSIxNzMuODg2IiB5PSIyNzguMjE4IiB3aWR0aD0iNDYzLjY5NiIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxwYXRoIGQ9Ik0xNzMuODg2IDM3MC45NTZINDQwLjUxMVY0MzIuNzgySDE3My44ODZWMzcwLjk1NloiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iMTczLjg4NiIgeT0iNDYzLjY5NiIgd2lkdGg9IjM3OC42ODUiIGhlaWdodD0iNjEuODI2MSIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSIxNzMuODg2IiB5PSI5Mi43MzkxIiB3aWR0aD0iNDg2Ljg4IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYxLjgyNjEiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iNjY3LjI2IiB5PSIyNzguNDkyIiB3aWR0aD0iNDA1LjczNCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxyZWN0IHg9IjQ3MS40MjUiIHk9IjM3MC45NTYiIHdpZHRoPSI1MTAuMDY1IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYxLjgyNjEiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iMTAxMi40IiB5PSIzNzAuOTU2IiB3aWR0aD0iMjgyLjA4MiIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxyZWN0IHg9IjkyLjczOTMiIHk9IjE4NS40NzgiIHdpZHRoPSI0MDUuNzM0IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYxLjgyNjEiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iOTIuNzM5MyIgeT0iNTU2LjQzNSIgd2lkdGg9IjIzOS41NzYiIGhlaWdodD0iNjEuODI2MSIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSI1ODMuNDgzIiB5PSI0NjMuNjk2IiB3aWR0aD0iMjg1Ljk0NiIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxyZWN0IHg9IjkwMC44MDIiIHk9IjQ2My42MzEiIHdpZHRoPSIxNjIuMjEzIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYyLjEyNDIiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iNjkxLjY4MSIgeT0iOTIuNzM5MSIgd2lkdGg9IjI5Ny41MzgiIGhlaWdodD0iNjEuODI2MSIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSI1OTguOTQiIHk9IjE4NS40NzgiIHdpZHRoPSIyOTcuNTM4IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYxLjgyNjEiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iMTAyMC40NSIgeT0iOTMuMTg2MyIgd2lkdGg9IjI3My44MDciIGhlaWdodD0iNjAuOTczOCIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSI5OTYuOTQ2IiB5PSIxODUuNDc4IiB3aWR0aD0iMjk3LjUzOCIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxyZWN0IHg9IjEwOTMuNzkiIHk9IjQ2My4xNDQiIHdpZHRoPSIzOC42NDEzIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYxLjgyNjEiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3QgeD0iNTI5LjM4NiIgeT0iMTg1LjQ3OCIgd2lkdGg9IjM4LjY0MTMiIGhlaWdodD0iNjEuODI2MSIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSI5MjcuMzkxIiB5PSIxODUuNDc4IiB3aWR0aD0iMzguNjQxMyIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxyZWN0IHg9IjEzMjUuNCIgeT0iMTg1LjQ3OCIgd2lkdGg9IjM4LjY0MTMiIGhlaWdodD0iNjEuODI2MSIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSIzNjMuMjI4IiB5PSI1NTYuNDM1IiB3aWR0aD0iMzguNjQxMyIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MS44MjYxIiBmaWxsPSIjMEUyMTQ3Ii8+CjxyZWN0IHk9IjY0OS4xNzQiIHdpZHRoPSIzOC42NDEzIiBoZWlnaHQ9IjYxLjgyNjEiIGZpbGw9IiMwRTIxNDciLz4KPHJlY3Qgd2lkdGg9IjE0MyIgaGVpZ2h0PSI2MiIgZmlsbD0iIzBFMjE0NyIvPgo8L2c+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

# Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain‚Äôs Mass Adoption Potential

![Lucas Baker](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/avarat-5.png)

###### Lucas Baker

[Research](/writing/research/)

Jun 05 2023 _ 20 min read

![Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain‚Äôs Mass Adoption
Potential](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---
Mapping-Markets_-Evaluating-Blockchain-s-Mass-Adoption-Potential.png)

_This blog post has been co-authored with[Lindsey
Li](https://twitter.com/LindseyLi_?ref=jumpcrypto.com) (Bessemer Venture
Partners)._

* * *

### Investing from First Principles

Though data-driven investing is a frequent mantra among investors, the
difficult fact of early-stage venture capital is that the key data often does
not yet exist. The more nascent the industry and the further its core
technologies are from large-scale commercialization, the more an investor must
rely on long-range theses, deep technical diligence, and simple fundamental
conviction in team and market potential.

So it is with crypto, which, despite precipitous swings in overall activity,
remains not only small in a global context but also isolated from the broader
economy. Nonetheless, the desire for a ‚Äúquantamental‚Äù lens remains: How can we
examine its long-range prospects in a principled way, integrating basic
thematic convictions with real and currently obtainable data?

In this post, we propose a geographically-oriented framework, which we call
‚ÄúPueyo Maps‚Äù (inspired by Tomas Pueyo‚Äôs [geo-
history](https://unchartedterritories.tomaspueyo.com/p/geography-is-the-
chessboard-of-history?ref=jumpcrypto.com)), as a way of evaluating the long-
term suitability of blockchain-based solutions to regional and national
markets.

We approach this challenge in three stages. First, we address the failure of
crypto thus far to reach mass adoption and consider the necessary
prerequisites for its eventual success. We then examine the costs and benefits
of blockchain and use these qualities to design a framework to compare the
potential net benefits of blockchain-based systems across different emerging
markets. Finally, we apply our framework to construct a Blockchain
Attractiveness Index (BAI) and discuss the result in the context of both
previous trends and future mass adoption potential.

Although this piece is a mix of high-level abstraction, long-term forecasting,
and concrete quantitative analysis, we aim for these aspects to complement
each other. Our overall goal is first to establish a general process and then
show the results of a particular implementation. Readers who wish to start
with the results may refer to ‚ÄúPutting It All Together‚Äù and ‚ÄúScoping the Next
Billion Users.‚Äù

### Mass Adoption and Potential Barriers

Before examining the opportunities powered by blockchains, we must address a
fundamental question: Why are we still talking about _future_ potential? How
has crypto ‚Äúgone mainstream‚Äù at least twice, counting the bull markets of
2017-18 and 2021-22, yet still not found its way into our everyday lives?

### Why Aren‚Äôt We There Yet?

The disappointment of crypto has always been the narrowness of its real-world
use. The industry has produced a truly formidable wave of research
breakthroughs in the 15 years since the creation of Bitcoin, leading to
practical and scalable implementations of the following technologies, among
many others:

  * Distributed consensus for sequential, DAG-based, and resource-oriented blockchains
  * Zero-knowledge attestations for identity
  * Generic message relays for asset bridging
  * Trustless oracles for price feeds and other relays
  * Verifiable computation for off-chain software
  * Rollups capable of guaranteeing economic (optimistic) or cryptographic (ZK) security

This embarrassment of riches could power an enormous range of practical use
cases, so why hasn‚Äôt it? More pointedly, why is it that, even though Bitcoin,
Ethereum, and the concepts of blockchains and cryptocurrency generally
succeeded in permeating public consciousness during past bull markets, most
people have never used any blockchain-based services in their daily lives?

Critics generally blame this failure on a lack of fundamental demand. Crypto
has long had its share of dedicated skeptics, not only
[today](https://web3isgoinggreat.com/?ref=jumpcrypto.com) but in previous
market cycles, and indeed as far back as the invention of Bitcoin in 2008.
Their concerns are often well-founded and deserve attention in light of the
many high-profile failures that struck the industry in 2022. However,
regardless of the particular issue, the central thesis is nearly always the
same: that crypto is useless. Specifically, critics assert that crypto is
either inherently ill-suited to non-speculative activity or unable to contain
bad actors, hampering its ability to improve ordinary financial activity while
restricting manipulative and illicit uses.

As long-term investors, we reject these assertions, but the tough questions
behind them are worth asking. When is a blockchain-based solution truly
superior to an API and a SQL database? (Call this the
‚Äú[Kai](https://medium.com/@kaistinchcombe/ten-years-in-nobody-has-come-up-
with-a-use-case-for-blockchain-ee98c180100?ref=jumpcrypto.com)
[criterion](https://medium.com/@kaistinchcombe/decentralized-and-trustless-
crypto-paradise-is-actually-a-medieval-
hellhole-c1ca122efdec?ref=jumpcrypto.com)‚Äù.) How can an open protocol
facilitate its desired activity while restricting malicious actors, both
technical and economic? Are there ways to incorporate financial incentives
that are truly self-sustaining? Most importantly,_why aren‚Äôt ordinary people
using this stuff 15 years after the invention of Bitcoin?_

To answer these questions, we must offer a credible alternative to the idea
that cryptocurrencies and blockchains are useless, purely speculative, or
self-contained to ‚Äúmetaverse‚Äù applications.

üí°

We submit that crypto has an important role to play in everyday life and
ordinary financial activity, and the principal reason it has not yet succeeded
is that blockchain-based systems are extraordinarily interdependent with
uniquely high upfront requirements. Unlike other new industries, which
integrate directly with all parts of the existing system except those they
replace, blockchains are essentially backend infrastructure that require _all_
of their major components before _any_ of them work to their full potential.

We explore this idea further below and later (‚ÄúScoping the Next Billion
Users‚Äù) discuss why now is an opportune time to revisit the opportunity for
crypto adoption in emerging markets.

### Core Infrastructure: The Plumbing Hypothesis

What conditions need to be fulfilled for blockchain-based systems to be useful
and adopted at scale? While the exact prerequisites may vary by market and
application, we contend that the industry must successfully combine _core
infrastructure, financial and regulatory integration,_ and _sources of large-
scale commercial activity_ to drive mainstream adoption of crypto for real-
world use cases.

As a simple real-world illustration of how comprehensive and well-integrated
backend infrastructure can be a prerequisite to adoption, consider indoor
plumbing. What needs to happen in order for a building to have access to
running water?

  1. There must be internal _plumbing_ that connects the building to the water source. Besides providing a mere physical connection, these ‚Äúpipes‚Äù must ensure fast, reliable transmission of clean and uncontaminated water from a known source.
  2. There must be a _fixture_ , such as a sink or a shower, that handles the interface between ‚Äúinternal‚Äù and ‚Äúexternal‚Äù in a simple yet versatile way. Fine-grained controls such as temperature and pressure are handled at this stage.
  3. There must be _water_ , typically provided by a utility company, that measures usage and charges accordingly. The water, in turn, comes from a large natural source such as a reservoir or river.

In a business context, the core infrastructure provides the plumbing, while
financial, regulatory, and technical integration (among other connections)
serve as the fixtures. Customers and capital are the water, motivating and
sustaining the effort required to transport economic activity from source to
sink.

We rarely consider these prerequisites in a traditional business context
because the ‚Äúplumbing‚Äù already exists. Even startup founders, whose _raison
d‚Äô√™tre_ is creative disruption, typically focus on fixing one broken system or
satisfying a single unmet need. The greatest obstacle to the success of real-
world crypto, as with the early internet, is that _****all****_ major
components must be built from the ground up.

Though one might ask how much of this overhaul is truly necessary and not
reinventing the wheel, we generally find that the unique crypto-native
functionality unlocked by blockchain technology‚Äîthat is, the credibility,
coordination, and composability properties described below‚Äî are incompatible
with status quo systems and require new infrastructure. Running a startup is
often likened to rebuilding a car while driving it, in which case running a
crypto startup is akin to rebuilding the car while driving _**and**_
redesigning the parts.

While we may explore these prerequisites more deeply in a future piece, for
the moment we note that this hypothesis, if valid, largely suffices to explain
the lack of mass adoption. So long as the nature of financial and regulatory
integration remains an open question and the integration of traditional
businesses with crypto merely experimental, we cannot expect to find the
average consumer using blockchain-based solutions of their own accord.
Mainstream adopters decide principally based on present utility and
convenience, and switch only if the new solution justifies the costs. With
crypto businesses, as with all others, the vast majority will choose whichever
solution offers the strongest immediate value proposition.

For the rest of the piece, we adopt the stance that **no** market is currently
mature enough to support most real-world use cases. However, once the required
elements are in place, different environments will vary significantly in their
suitability for large-scale adoption. Path-dependent events (such as changes
in political power) or local factors may bolster adoption in some areas and
hinder it in others, but we can at least aim to highlight the candidate
regions where long-term prospects are most favorable.

### Pueyo Analysis: Finding the Invariants

Rather than starting with the usual top-down approach based on industries and
applications, we will examine the question from a geographic perspective. We
take the stance that any blockchain business must eventually be evaluated on
the basis of its net value proposition, and the costs and benefits underlying
that value proposition vary dramatically by market. Therefore, rather than
taking the software-like perspective of ‚Äúbuild once, apply everywhere,‚Äù we
will look for the type of market environment most suitable for blockchain-
based solutions.

Comparing opportunities at a global scale is a daunting task, and it can be
difficult to know where to begin, but fortunately, we have a framework to
direct our efforts: Pueyo maps, inspired by Tomas Pueyo‚Äôs [Uncharted
Territories](https://unchartedterritories.tomaspueyo.com/about?ref=jumpcrypto.com)
newsletter. Pueyo, who originally gained widespread recognition for his
[article](https://tomaspueyo.medium.com/coronavirus-the-hammer-and-the-dance-
be9337092b56?ref=jumpcrypto.com) ‚ÄúCoronavirus: The Hammer and the Dance,‚Äù
approaches historical development from a perspective of geographical first
principles. In "[Geography is the Chessboard of
History](https://unchartedterritories.tomaspueyo.com/p/geography-is-the-
chessboard-of-history?ref=jumpcrypto.com),‚Äù he illustrates how history is
guided and shaped by geographical constraints, which inform both the initial
and the future states of the map.

Pueyo‚Äôs thesis is that while physical geography is by no means fate, it exerts
a powerful influence on the relative success of cities, states, and nations,
much as the rules of a board game shape the conflict without determining its
outcome. In each domain, certain principles nearly always hold, which skilled
players recognize and strive to exploit. For instance, while no two cities or
regions are exactly alike, most historical population centers share certain
key features: navigable rivers with access to rich natural resources, flat
plains for agriculture, surrounding mountains that provide defense, and sea or
ocean access to facilitate international trade. These features play such an
important role that even once the power dynamics or core industries of an area
have completely shifted, we still observe cities and countries following the
structure of the geographical ‚Äúchessboard‚Äù established centuries before.

To apply this approach to blockchain-based applications, we can look to
identify the abstract ‚Äúmountains‚Äù and ‚Äúrivers‚Äù of crypto. Like their
geographical counterparts, these features should capture the starting
conditions that most influence early success or failure: fundamental
productive capacity and economic potential, internal connectivity and external
access, and long-term defensibility.

### Assessing Mass Adoption Potential

Inspired by Pueyo‚Äôs geo-history, we attempt to capture the key factors that
influence the attractiveness of blockchain-based solutions. Our approach is as
follows:

  1. Outline the costs and benefits of blockchain-based solutions.
  2. Use this cost-benefit analysis to identify factors that (a) influence blockchain viability, (b) vary widely between markets, and (c) are reasonably measurable.
  3. Identify publicly available metrics to approximate each factor.
  4. Combine the results into a single score and evaluate the resulting map.

This first-principles thesis-driven approach can complement primarily
quantitative approaches such as a16z‚Äôs [State of Crypto
Index](https://a16zcrypto.com/stateofcrypto/?ref=jumpcrypto.com). Data-driven
extrapolation works best when the future looks like the present writ large,
but most of crypto‚Äôs key applications are not yet mature enough to provide
meaningful data. Instead, our quantamental approach seeks to predict under
which conditions blockchain-based solutions will thrive‚Äîand then quantify
those conditions.

### Cost-Benefit Analysis

The diffusion of innovations theory suggests that in the middle of the
[adoption
curve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diffusion_of_innovations?ref=jumpcrypto.com),
businesses and consumers are neither excessively motivated by novelty nor
resistant to change, instead deciding whether to adopt a new product based on
a combination of social factors and rational cost-benefit analysis. However,
while we would characterize the social diffusion process as relatively similar
in all markets, the costs and benefits of a product may be heavily influenced
by local market characteristics. We further argue that inter-market variation
is especially significant for blockchain-based systems.

A truly rigorous measurement of inter-market variation for blockchain-based
products would require a more complicated analysis than the one performed
here. For instance, we might identify core indicators of long-term viability,
collect several representative metrics for each, construct weighted scores,
and combine these indices into a final index. Each stage of the process would
present a range of decision points, such as the relative importance and
credibility of metrics. For now, we limit our degrees of freedom by using a
single proxy metric for each core indicator. Indicators are then combined via
simple average to create a Blockchain Attractiveness Index (BAI). The
resulting scores will be far from definitive, but meaningful enough to serve
as a basis for discussion and future work.

### Trust Deficit, Latent Wealth, and Openness to Innovation

With the quantitative approach laid out, we must once again step back to
answer a critical but highly abstract question: What is blockchain _good at_?
Crypto is famously jargon-heavy, but the benefits most frequently
touted‚Äîdecentralization, permissionlessness, economic and cryptographic
security, censorship resistance, Sybil resistance, credible neutrality,
verifiable history, sovereign identity, etc.‚Äîare often self-referential and
aimed either at researchers or industry professionals. From a purely
_external_ perspective, what can blockchain-based systems do that traditional
ones cannot?

We claim that the primary benefits of blockchains, as they apply to real-world
use cases with traditional parallels, can be captured under the headings of
_credibility, coordination, and composability._

  * ************************Credibility:************************ The ability of agents to make verifiable, non-censorable promises about past or present state and/or future actions, backed by cryptographic or economic guarantees.
  * **********************************Coordination:********************************** The ability to foster mutually beneficial cooperation between unaffiliated parties automatically and without dependence on a central authority.
  * ************************Composability:************************ The ability to integrate subsystems flexibly, interchangeably, and reliably without bottlenecking on operators‚Äô active involvement or manual approval.

Most familiar crypto concepts and terms map to one of these categories. For
instance, economic security mechanisms and tokenized networks facilitate
coordination; verifiable history and ZK-based applications rely on
credibility; and any DeFi protocol that accommodates an ERC-20 (tokens) or
ERC-1155 (NFTs) makes use of composability.

Higher-level use cases combine one or more of these key properties to
differentiate the blockchain-based version from its traditional equivalent.
For instance, in Vitalik‚Äôs list of [exciting use cases for
Ethereum](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2022/12/05/excited.html?ref=jumpcrypto.com),
the identity ecosystem provides both credibility (authentication, proof of
personhood, non-censorability) and composability (permissionless integration
with protocols). The ‚Äúhybrid‚Äù voting system, in turn, uses credibility via ZK
proofs to improve the assurances of existing voting systems, which are, of
course, large-scale coordination mechanisms.

What does this framework tell us about the key traits that distinguish
attractive markets? Firstly, note that all of the above qualities confer the
greatest benefits in a low-trust environment. Bitcoin itself was conceived in
the context of the [Byzantine generals
problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Byzantine_fault?ref=jumpcrypto.com), a
distributed computing problem that assumes any given message might fail and
any given agent may lie.

The ideological essence of blockchains, accordingly, is how to foster
algorithmic trust in lieu of social or authoritative guarantees. What kind of
market would exhibit the strongest demand for such solutions? One in which
simpler and more familiar alternatives have fallen short. What kind of
government would be likeliest to embrace such a solution? One that needs to
win its citizens‚Äô trust‚Äîespecially economic trust‚Äîin the wake of prior shocks
to public confidence.

üí°

Our first target indicator is therefore trust deficit, the need to bridge
severe but addressable gaps in public trust due to the insufficiency of
existing social, financial, legal, or other guarantees.

Secondly, while all new technologies must justify their switching costs, we
have claimed that blockchain solutions face higher barriers to adoption as a
matter of both technical literacy and large upfront infrastructural
requirements. Making matters worse, operating decentralized services imposes
coordination costs that economic incentives and consensus design can only
partially mitigate. Each guarantee comes at a steep price. Consequently,
initial adoption may not be a question of relative efficiency‚Äîthe ‚Äú10x better‚Äù
tech investors frequently cite‚Äîbut rather a binary question of access. In many
cases, the blockchain version of a product must offer novel and fundamentally
superior modes of interaction, similar to how ride-hailing apps such as Uber
were made viable by the introduction of smartphones.

How might we measure the ability of a blockchain-based product to provide
something new and different? The simplest case is when the traditional
equivalent is either nonexistent or inaccessible. This distinction is clearest
in financial applications, where various market failures in a given country
may exclude the average target customer entirely. For instance, creditworthy
local borrowers in emerging economies may lack access to international credit
markets due to exchange rate risk, fragmentation of liquidity, and a simple
lack of information.

Blockchains alone do not provide a complete solution, but if DeFi financial
rails can be integrated with off-chain structures to ensure end-to-end
compliance and surface-detailed, asset-level metadata, it may unlock
fundamentally new sources of liquidity. Such solutions could potentially
replace traditional systems bottlenecked by manual intermediation and
bureaucracy, which often prevent smaller players from connecting across
markets (e.g. lenders in Germany or France and borrowers in Colombia).
Decentralized markets, in contrast, are designed from the ground up to
accommodate heterogeneous supply and demand.

üí°

To justify the unusually high costs involved in switching to a blockchain-
based ecosystem, we use latent wealth as our second indicator: capital supply
or demand without adequate outlets in the existing financial ecosystem.

Regrettably, not all people can take for granted the right to use these
innovative solutions. The purchase or use of cryptocurrency is currently
[banned](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_cryptocurrency_by_country_or_territory?ref=jumpcrypto.com)
in several countries worldwide, most notably China, and is either contentious
or subject to regulatory uncertainty in others. The current map cannot be
taken as a reliable indicator of future status: restrictions on cryptocurrency
may vary from year to year, following a mix of politics and public sentiment.
However, we can attempt to generalize by using proxy metrics for general
openness to change and potentially disruptive solutions. We can also measure
this in a negative sense, prioritizing markets with a minimum of ‚Äúwasted
energy‚Äù as measured by administrative burden and similar frictions.

üí°

Our third and final indicator is thus scope to operate, the ability for new
solutions to take root in the local economy without excessive burdens, as well
as that of customers and businesses to adopt and freely interact with them.

In short, the ideal market for a blockchain product (a) does not _have_ easy
access to the benefits it provides (e.g. stable currencies or deep credit
markets), but (b) does _want_ them, and (c) could _use_ them if available.
Based on this three-pronged framework‚Äîtrust deficit, latent wealth, and scope
to operate‚Äîwe will make a first attempt to quantify the long-term suitability
of global markets for blockchain-based systems.

### Finding Candidate Metrics

Having defined our indicators, we now select a single proxy metric for each
and integrate the results into a composite index. Note again that there is no
single ‚Äúcorrect‚Äù map, as our general process creates optionality at many
levels:

  * Unit of comparison (city, state, country, region)
  * Key qualities of the technology (e.g. blockchain) in question
  * Target indicators based on key qualities
  * Number and type of metrics to use for each target indicator
  * Construction of each indicator and relative weighting of metrics
  * Construction of final index and relative weighting of indicators

Rather than look for optimal choices, we simply aim for sensible defaults.
Accordingly, our results should be taken as a basis for further discussion
rather than an attempt to create a definitive ranking, and we welcome
alternative approaches or more nuanced implementations.

That said, what are the ‚Äúsensible defaults‚Äù? At the very least, good data
should be public, credibly neutral, and reasonably comprehensive. For
instance, public datasets maintained by the IMF, the World Bank, or [Our World
in Data](https://ourworldindata.org/?ref=jumpcrypto.com) are likely to meet
these standards in quality, breadth of coverage, and variety of indicators. On
this basis, we will select the following proxy metrics for our three target
indicators, as well as subjectively determined optimal values for each (along
with a note on our qualitative interpretation). Each metric has been linearly
scaled to a 0-100 range, with 0 representing the minimum value in the data and
100 the maximum. Finally, the indicator value for country _i_ is set to |_mi -
mt_ |, where _mt_ is the optimal value, and all values are rescaled to a 0-100
range, with 100 representing the closest value to optimal within the dataset.
These ‚Äúoptimal‚Äù values represent subjective choices, for which we include a
brief rationale.

**************************Trust deficit**************************

  * ****************Metric:**************** Corruption Perceptions Index, Transparency International, 2022
  * ****************Optimal level:**************** 30 (higher is less perceived corruption; 30 represents serious issues but not a crisis of legitimacy)

****************************Latent wealth****************************

  * ****************Metric:**************** Domestic credit to the private sector (% of GDP), World Bank, 2019 (except where extrapolated from last reported value)
  * ****************Optimal level:**************** 30 (low but still meaningful extension of credit, representing some proven demand that is struggling to find expression)

********************************Scope to
operate********************************

  * ****************Metric:**************** Ease of Doing Business, World Bank, 2019
  * ****************Optimal level:**************** 80 (representing a few hurdles but a lack of major frictions)

_Note: We recognize that the use of corruption perceptions as a proxy for
trust deficit may invite the uncharitable interpretation that ‚Äúblockchains are
only good when things are bad.‚Äù On the contrary, we believe blockchains can
improve any system that relies on trust, raising both absolute trustworthiness
and relative efficiency by selectively replacing middlemen with smart
contracts. Trust is core to the value of a blockchain-based system, so the
value proposition is strongest in the face of a serious but addressable gap._

The ‚Äúoptimal‚Äù level for each metric is highly open to interpretation, but we
believe it improves on a simple approach that targets one extreme. For
instance, a complete lack of domestic credit may also imply a lack of
disposable wealth, which would hinder blockchain and non-blockchain products
alike. By the same token, greater ease of doing business may indicate greater
scope to operate, but an extremely high score suggests a very well-integrated
market that may be adequately served by existing solutions.

### Putting It All Together

Having defined our target indicators and metrics, we can project them on the
world map, comparing the raw values and derived indicators.

**Trust Deficit**  
 _Raw values_

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.14.56-PM.png)

 _Indicator_

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.15.12-PM.png)

**Latent Wealth**  
 _Raw values_

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.13.12-PM.png)

 _Indicator_

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.13.27-PM.png)

********************************Scope to Operate******************************
**  
_Raw values_

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.13.51-PM.png)

 _Indicator_

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.14.07-PM-1.png)

Finally, we combine the indicators via simple average to produce an initial
projection of ‚Äúblockchain geography,‚Äù which we refer to as the Blockchain
Attractiveness Index.

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.15.55-PM.png)

The top 30 countries are as follows, while the full data is linked in the
Appendix.

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-01-at-6.15.39-PM.png)

### Discussion: Scoping the Next Billion Users

**Pattern-Matching**

As a first step, we compare the BAI to
[Chainalysis](https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/2022-global-crypto-
adoption-index/?ref=jumpcrypto.com#top-20)‚Äô Global Crypto Adoption Index.

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-02-at-11.37.41-AM.png)

The top 20 entries are as follows:

![](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Screenshot-2023-05-02-at-11.26.33-AM.png)

At a glance, there is considerable overlap between existing adoption and
estimated potential. Usage in Latin America and Southeast Asia is already
significant, with countries such as Brazil, Colombia, Peru, India, Indonesia,
and the Philippines placing highly on both lists. We also note a few major
divergences: the United States and China have been among the largest adopters
to date but score relatively low on the BAI. Conversely, other countries
feature much more prominently on the 2022 index than their BAI score would
indicate. We would suggest that outsized growth in countries with geopolitical
instability may stem from the need to substitute for traditional banking
services, while other countries have benefited from the network effects of
sustained usage for remittances and peer-to-peer payments.

Particular countries, most notably Vietnam (due to Axie Infinity) but also
Indonesia and the Philippines, have received a boost from idiosyncratic
drivers such as play-to-earn gaming models, where rapid growth in one area
dramatically accelerated overall uptake.

With that in mind, what surprises do we observe, and what areas of untapped
potential might we highlight for further exploration? The following factors
stand out:

  * Latin America and Southeast Asia are already among the leading adopters, but insights from the most successful markets may be cross-applicable to neighbors with similar characteristics.
  * While the United States and China both rank among the largest current adopters, this may be partially due to the effect of prior investments and crypto companies‚Äô focus on large markets, _**not**_ a fundamentally deeper need for blockchain-based solutions.
  * Most of Eastern Europe has lagged in adoption despite relatively high attractiveness scores. This region may prove to be a large source of untapped demand.
  * Nigeria, Kenya, and Morocco are currently the only African markets among the leading adopters, but other markets in southern and western Africa (Zambia or Egypt, perhaps) may be promising.
  * Specific markets, most notably Turkey, are already among the leading adopters but may score even higher on long-term potential.

### Why Now

We began this discussion with an acknowledgment of the crypto industry‚Äôs
struggles to date in onboarding real-world users. While the first-principles
approach speaks to an eventual turning point, we also highlight specific
factors that speak to growing crypto usage today.

First, we look at the [recent inflation-linked
rise](https://www.reuters.com/technology/cryptoverse-digital-coins-lure-
inflation-weary-argentines-turks-2023-05-02/?ref=jumpcrypto.com) in crypto
ownership in specific countries, most notably Turkey and Argentina. In these
countries, usage has risen quickly despite broader industry headwinds,
indicating users‚Äô willingness to overcome the hurdles of early adoption when
the benefits are sufficiently concrete.

![](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Untitled--67-.png)

Other statistics also support the inflation-driver hypothesis, including a
recent study from the Deel Lab that finds demand for crypto payments in Latin
America reaching an [all-time high](https://news.bitcoin.com/crypto-dominates-
as-payment-method-for-remote-workers-in-latam/?ref=jumpcrypto.com) of 64%. In
this capacity, crypto-denominated payrolls not only shieldagainst depreciation
but may also provide liquidity and access to global markets. Consumer
sentiment towards crypto in Latin America has risen along with usage, with
over half of respondents, including 68% of Colombians and 63% of Argentines
(but only 38% of Americans),viewing crypto as likely to become a [reliable
form of payment](https://morningconsult.com/2023/04/05/crypto-latin-
america/?ref=jumpcrypto.com).

![](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Untitled--68-.png)

While the volatility of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies makes them far from
perfect as an inflation hedge, we believe the recent rise in adoption
indicates that only one sufficiently compelling ‚Äúkiller app‚Äù is needed.
Recalling our plumbing analogy, basic infrastructure may have a long lead
time, but it only needs to be installed once. That time has not yet arrived
for more complex blockchain-based systems, but in some markets the chasm for
financial use cases has already been crossed.

### Caveats and Predicting Future Adoption

What additional factors would we need to refine our framework? Most
importantly, an awareness of local conditions, such as political and
regulatory factors, and a recognition of local market idiosyncrasies and path
dependencies. Crypto usage may take a different path in a given market
depending on infrastructural maturity at the time of adoption, as well as
prior successes in both that market and its neighbors. For instance, our
discussions with partners and portfolio companies suggest the following may
play a role:

  * In developing economies, a significant fraction of activity takes place through peer-to-peer transactions not reflected on-chain. Consumer activity often occurs via cash-for-crypto trades or P2P activity over social media such as WhatsApp. While this does not reflect our vision of a mature blockchain-based market, where liquidity concentrates on-chain, it is nonetheless an important consideration in how transactions take place today. We expect the equilibrium to shift towards greater integration as (1) more diverse use cases emerge, (2) fiat off-ramps become more widely available, and (3) regulatory clarity improves.
  * Early associations may affect how crypto is viewed and/or used by different customer bases.  Argentinian users may have been introduced to crypto as a currency debasement hedge, while those in Mexico may have started using it principally for remittances. Still others may have come upon crypto as a form of wealth diversification or simply as a speculative asset. Use cases vary by demographics, socioeconomic status, and level of financial access, but also due to path-dependent factors such as the growth of the Axie play-to-earn market in Vietnam. These factors may elevate particular use cases over others even if those others would have been likelier ********a priori******** to take root.

We also recognize the potential of prior failures to slow crypto adoption. A
working paper from the [International Monetary Fund
(IMF)](https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WP/Issues/2023/02/17/Crypto-Assets-
and-CBDCs-in-Latin-America-and-the-Caribbean-Opportunities-and-
Risks-529717?ref=jumpcrypto.com) notes that anti-blockchain legislation in
Latin America and other regions often stems from concerns about their impact
on ‚Äúfinancial stability, currency/asset substitution, tax evasion, corruption,
and money laundering,‚Äù which is exactly the opposite of the intended trust
benefits in our framework.

We believe there exists a middle ground that balances openness and
decentralization with compliance, where the credibility properties of
blockchain solutions shine through without facilitating or tolerating bad
actors. Achieving this state goes beyond mere improvements in technical
guarantees via decentralized and self-custodial solutions. It also requires
changes in perception and outlook, where the most prominent players insist on
prioritizing operational transparency. Regardless of the fundamental trust
benefits blockchains can offer, shedding crypto‚Äôs wild-west reputation will
take time, consistency, and a commitment to getting it right.

### Conclusion: A Quantamental Approach to Blockchain Adoption

Rather than having to decide between thesis-driven intuition and data-driven
extrapolation, we believe investors should aspire to integrate the two. We
hope the framework outlined here will serve as both a supplement and a first-
principles alternative to current approaches. Although the notion of
blockchain market attractiveness developed here is necessarily imperfect, it
can nonetheless serve as a starting point from which to investigate how
adoption might progress.

Much as geography is the ‚Äúchessboard of history‚Äù but the final outcome is
determined by its players, blockchains represent a powerful solution
framework‚Äîbut it is up to entrepreneurs, businesses, and governments to
realize that potential. Towards that end, we encourage all sides to look
beyond present trends and consider not only ****what**** problems blockchain-
based systems can address but also ******where****** the need is greatest, the
costs justified, and the benefits superior both in quality and in kind.

_We‚Äôd love to hear your thoughts and feedback. Please feel free to reach out
to us on Twitter
at[@SansGravitas](https://twitter.com/SansGravitas?ref=jumpcrypto.com) (Lucas)
and [@LindseyLi_](https://twitter.com/LindseyLi_?ref=jumpcrypto.com)
(Lindsey)_******************************.******************************

[ Data for the Blockchain Attractiveness Index Data for the Blockchain
Attractiveness Index.csv 15 KB download-circle ](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/files/2023/06/Data-for-the-Blockchain-Attractiveness-
Index.csv "Download")

Share

![](/static/subscribe2-825809a798c6960f978785c6581f4afb.svg)

#### Stay up to date with the latest from Jump_

‚Äã

.Subscribe

#### More articles

![SAFU: Creating a Standard for Whitehats](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2022/10/Standards-for-Whitehats-Thread---
blog.png)SAFU: Creating a Standard for WhitehatsWhitehats and DeFi protocols
need a shared understanding of security policy. We propose the SAFU - Simple
Arrangement for Funding Upload - as a versatile and credible way to let
whitehats know what to...](/writing/safu-creating-a-standard-for-whitehats/)

Oct 24 2022 _ 17 min

Share

[![Huckleberry: IBC Event Hallucinations](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/09/New-Blog-Post.png)Huckleberry: IBC Event
HallucinationsThis blog post describes a vulnerability in ibc-go, the
reference implementation of the Interblockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)
used by most Cosmos blockchains](/writing/huckleberry-ibc-event-
hallucinations/)

Sep 06 2023 _ 4 min

Share

[![Stop the Chain! CosmWasm Stack Overflow](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/blog_cosmwasm_security.png)Stop the Chain!
CosmWasm Stack OverflowThis post announces a vulnerability we discovered in
CosmWasm, a smart contract platform written for the Cosmos ecosystem. The
vulnerability was a stack overflow, which would have allowed users who
ca...](/writing/stop-the-chain-cosmwasm-stack-overflow/)

Jun 01 2023 _ 1 min

Share

Disclaimer

The information on this website and on the Brick by Brick podcast or Ship Show
Twitter spaces is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment
purposes only.  This information is not intended to be and does not constitute
financial advice, investment advice, trading advice, or any other type of
advice.  You should not make any decision ‚Äì financial, investment, trading or
otherwise ‚Äì based on any of the information presented here without undertaking
your own due diligence and consulting with a financial adviser.  Trading,
including that of digital assets or cryptocurrency, has potential rewards as
well as potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all
individuals. Recordings of podcast episodes or Twitter spaces events may be
used in the future.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

¬© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

