[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# Blockasset UFC 301 Sweepstakes

Last Updated: Apr 24, 2024

NO PURCHASE NECESSARY TO ENTER OR WIN. EACH SWEEPSTAKES ENTRY WILL HAVE AN
EQUAL CHANCE OF WINNING. MAKING A PURCHASE WILL NOT IMPROVE AN INDIVIDUAL’S
CHANCES OF WINNING. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW

**►HOW TO ENTER (yep, you need to follow some rules)**

The “Blockasset UFC 301 Sweepstakes” (“Sweepstakes”) begins at 12:30 a.m.
Australian Central Time (ACT) on Wednesday April 24, 2024 and ends at 12:30
a.m. ACT on Wednesday May 1, 2024 (“Sweepstakes Entry Period”). To enter:

  * One Sweepstakes entry per 1,000 USD volume traded on BLOCK/usdc pair.

**►FREE ALTERNATIVE METHOD OF ENTRY (for those snails out there)**

To enter the random drawings for the Prizes listed under the “PRIZES” section
below without purchase or obligation or submitting an Entry via Twitter: Hand
print on a 3” X 5” card with your complete name, address, date of birth,
daytime phone number, email address (if applicable), and “Blockasset 301
Sweepstakes” and mail the original handwritten card inside an outer envelope
(no larger than a #10 envelope) to _Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, 35 Market
Street, South Melbourne VIC 3205, Australia_ (such entry method is the
“AMOE”).

If an entry form is drawn but found to be incomplete or the writing illegible
to the point that judges are unable to determine the identity of the winner,
that entry form will be disqualified. Entries become our property and will not
be returned. There is a limit of one (1) valid AMOE per eligible person during
the Sweepstakes Entry Period. All AMOE entries received from the same person
over the quantity of one (1) will be eliminated from the random drawings. All
mailing entries must be post-marked by April 28, 2024 and received by us by
May 1, 2024 to be eligible for the random drawings to win the Prizes listed
under the “PRIZES” section below. An eligible respondent who properly
completes and submits a card using this AMOE method of entry during the
Sweepstakes Entry Period will receive one (1) eligible Entry into the random
drawings to receive the Prizes listed under the “PRIZES” section below.

**►WE DON’T JUDGE - IT’S RANDOM (this is Blockchain after all, right?)**

For the avoidance of doubt, all eligible Entries that comply with these
Official Rules will be entered into the Sweepstakes and such Entries will not
be judged, but only used as a method of entry into the random drawings
specified herein. All eligible respondents with proper Entries under these
Official Rules will be entered into random drawings to receive the Prizes
listed under the “PRIZES” section below. All improperly completed Entries will
not be entered into the random drawings to win the Prizes listed herein and
will not be returned. There is a limit of one (1) valid Entry per eligible
person during the Sweepstakes Entry Period.

**►SWEEPSTAKE RANDOM DRAWINGS**

There will be three (3) random drawings and three (3) winners who will be
randomly chosen within twenty-four (24) hours of the close of the Sweepstakes
Entry Period. The random drawing times are:

  * May 1, 2024 at 1:30 a.m. ACT
  * May 1, 2024 at 1:33 a.m. ACT
  * May 1, 2024 at 1:36 a.m. ACT

At each drawing time, we will draw from Entries received during the
Sweepstakes Entry Period. We may also select alternate winners as backups in
the event that the three winners do not respond to us with a confirmation that
they are able to accept their prize within twenty-four (24) hours of being
notified. As the prize is close in time to the end of the Sweepstakes, we want
to ensure that winners are able to accept and attend the event in a timely
manner.

You agree by submitting an Entry, regardless of whether you win or not, you
give us the right to use that Entry, any related photos or videos (image,
etc.) and content -- that means for example we may announce your name, twitter
handle and any photo, video, content or words tweeted by you as part of
entering the Sweepstakes.

**►NOTIFICATION OF WINNERS (hmm…do I need to watch my email?)**

We will first message winners in writing by email that your Entry has been
randomly drawn within two (2) days of the drawing and send you the official
notification of your Sweepstakes win and other information to claim the Prize.
Potential Prize winners will receive an email within two days of the drawing
for their win.

Yes - you really are only a _potential_ Prize winner when we notify you by
email. Each _potential_ Prize winner will receive by email and need to
complete and return a notarized affidavit of liability/publicity release. We
need to hear back from you quickly: the prize is an event that occurs shortly
after the end of the Sweepstakes and we cannot facilitate the delivery of the
prize to winners if we don’t move fast. If we don’t hear back from you (or you
decline the Prize) within twenty-four (24) hours, an alternate winner may be
randomly drawn and you’ll forfeit and lose your Prize.

**So be warned** : If a potential Prize winner cannot be contacted, is a bot,
is ineligible, fails to claim the prize, is under the age of 18 or fails to
return the required documents and claim their Prize within twenty-four (24)
hours of notification, we will conduct a new drawing within three months of
the drawing date for a new Prize winner. We are not responsible for the safe
arrival of any notification, confirmation thereof, or other correspondence.

**►The PRIZE (enough already, what is behind door number two for the
winner?)**

Each of the three (3) winners shall receive:

  * Two fantastic seats to UFC 301 event in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil including flight and lodging accommodations. Meet and greet with UFC athletes and a tour of the official UFC Octagon.

**►YES, THERE IS STILL MORE LEGAL STUFF ABOUT THE SWEEPSTAKES WE HAVE TO TELL
YOU (Picture A Very Stern Lawyer Reading This Section)**

You agree by submitting an Entry, regardless of whether you win or not, you
give us the right to use that Entry, any related photos or videos (image,
etc.) and content -- that means for example we may announce your name, twitter
handle and any photo, video, content or words tweeted by you as part of
entering the Sweepstakes.

Applicable taxes for the Prize are the responsibility of the winner. Prizes
are not transferable. No prize substitutions. Odds of winning based on the
number of valid Entries received. Limit one prize per family or household.
Sorry - no companies, foundations or entities can be winners -- the winner
must be a _natural person_. No entrant may win more than one of the Prizes.
Drawings will be conducted by us or one of our agents whose decisions are
final and binding on all matters relating to this Sweepstakes drawing. If
there is a dispute regarding who entered, the Entry will be deemed to be made
by the _natural person_ who is assigned to the account by the applicable
provider or organization that assign the phone, email or other account. Any
entries to be deemed received from a robotic, automatic, programmed or similar
entry methods or agents (including, but not limited to, sweepstakes entry
services) are prohibited and will void all entries by that entrant.

We are not responsible for the actions or services provided by third parties
in connection with this Sweepstakes, including any third-party providing goods
or services as part of a Prize. We make no warranties, and hereby disclaim any
and all warranties, express or implied, concerning any Prize furnished by
third parties in connection with the Sweepstakes. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING, SUCH PRIZES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND SPONSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND/OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.Any
content, photo, video or other Sweepstake entry shall not contain (i) any
material that violates or may violate or infringe on another’s rights,
including the right to privacy or any intellectual property rights, (ii)
content created by a party other than the entrant, (iii) trademarks or brand
names that are not our trademarks or brand names, (iv) unlawful content, or
(v) any content that is indecent, inappropriate, defamatory, disparaging,
negative, offensive, racist, discriminatory (in the broadest sense of the
word), or obscene all as determined solely by us.

An entrant’s posting of a video, photo or other content on Twitter for this
Sweepstakes constitutes such entrant’s consent and authorization to grant us a
royalty-free, irremovable, perpetual, non-exclusive license to use,
manipulate, or publish such photo or content for marketing or other reasonable
corporate purposes.

Sorry but our employees and independent contractors and any employees or
independent contractors of any of the preceding companies’ agencies,
subsidiaries, advertising and promotion agencies, media agencies, and their
immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are
not eligible for this Sweepstakes. Immediate family member is defined as
husband, wife, children, mother, mother in-law, father, father in-law, sister,
sister in-law, brother or brother in-law.

To qualify for the Sweepstakes, an entrant must be 18 years of age and a legal
resident of a place where such Sweepstakes is allowed, each as of one (1) day
prior to the Sweepstakes Entry Period and continuing throughout the
Sweepstakes Entry Period. By entering into the Sweepstakes, entrants agree to
abide by and be bound by these Official Rules and to accept our decisions as
final.

You do not qualify for, are not permitted to enter, and will not be awarded
any Prize from the Sweepstakes if you are a citizen and resident of the
following countries:

  * Australia (but only if resident in Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales, Northern Territory, or South Australia)
  * Bangladesh
  * India (but only if resident in Andhra Pr`adesh, Sikkim, or Telangana)
  * Indonesia
  * Italy
  * Japan
  * Philippines
  * Poland
  * South Korea
  * Turkey
  * United Kingdom
  * United States
  * Vietnam 

Entrants also agree to indemnify and hold us and each of our parent and
subsidiary companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, officers, directors, agents,
and employees and all others associated with the development and execution of
this Sweepstakes harmless from any and all alleged and/or actual actions,
demands, losses, settlements (whether or not litigation is commenced), claims,
damages, and liability whatsoever, existing now or in the future, with respect
to or in any way arising from this Sweepstakes or participation in any
sweepstakes-related activity and/or delivery/mis-delivery, acceptance,
possession, use, or misuse of a prize including, but not limited to, (A)
liability for personal injury, bodily injury (including wrongful death or
disability), damage to property, and damage or loss of any other kind,
including, but not limited to, any such liability as a result of entrant’s
guests/invitees participating in any Prize event or experience with the
entrant, (B) any technical malfunction or other problems relating to the
telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, access
providers, computer equipment, or software, or (C) for the failure of any
entry to be received by us, our advertising and promotion agencies, or the
Sweepstakes judges for any reason including, but not limited to, technical
problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any website or any
combination of the above. Further, we and our advertising or promotion
agencies, if any, will not be liable for any injury or damage to an entrant’s
or any other person’s digital devices related to or resulting from
participating in or downloading any material in the Sweepstakes. Only the
stated number of prizes set forth in these complete Official Rules will be
awarded. If, for any reason, the Sweepstakes is not capable of running as
planned due to, but without limitation, tampering, unauthorized intervention,
fraud, human or other error, technical failures, or any other causes beyond
our control that, in our sole opinion, could corrupt or affect the
administration, security, fairness, integrity, or proper conduct of this
Sweepstakes, we reserve the right, at or sole discretion, to cancel,
terminate, modify, or suspend the Sweepstakes and to draw winner(s) from all
eligible entries received as of the date of termination. Any attempt to
deliberately damage any portion of this offer or to undermine the legitimate
operation of this Sweepstakes is a violation of criminal and civil laws, and
should such an attempt be made, we reserve the right to seek remedies and
damages to the fullest extent permitted by law, including criminal
prosecution. Neither we nor our affiliates are responsible for stolen, lost,
late, misdirected, damaged, incomplete, illegible, or postage-due mail or
entries; or for transactions that are processed late or incorrectly, or are
lost due to any reason. We reserve the right to disqualify entrants who fail
to follow these Official Rules or who make any misrepresentations relative to
the Sweepstakes and prize redemption. Sweepstakes void where prohibited by
law. We reserve the right to substitute prizes of equal or greater value. By
participating in this Sweepstakes, entrants agree to be bound by the Official
Rules and our decisions and any of our representatives or affiliates. All
winners, by acceptance of a prize, agree to release us and our affiliates and
advertising, promotional or judging agencies, if applicable, from any and all
liability, claims, or actions of any kind whatsoever for injuries, damages or
losses to persons or property (including third parties mentioned or shown in
content submitted for this Sweepstakes), including, without limitation,
personal injury or death, and claims based on publicity rights, privacy or
defamation, which may be sustained in connection with the receipt, ownership
or use of the prize or while preparing for, participating in, and/or traveling
to any prize-related activity or any typographical or other error in the
printing of these Official Rules or the offering or announcement of any prize.

By claiming any of the Prizes, each winner authorizes the use, without
additional compensation, of his or her name and/or likeness and/or
voice/photograph, content submitted for this Sweepstakes, and municipality of
residence for promotion and/or advertising purposes in any manner and in any
medium (including, without limitation, radio broadcasts, newspapers and other
publications and in television or film releases, slides, videotape,
distribution over the Internet and picture data storage) which we may deem
appropriate. For the avoidance of doubt, this authorization includes our right
or a photographer working on our behalf or our affiliate to take the Prize
winner’s picture and to publish such pictures.

We will report all prize winnings to the appropriate federal, state, and local
agencies as required by applicable law. Winners are responsible for all other
associated costs in connection with the prize, including tax consequences (if
any). If applicable, the winner will be issued a tax form from Cube for the
value of the prize. Each winner agrees to permit us to use his/her/their name
and likeness in promotional and our other materials, without additional
compensation or permission, except where prohibited by law.

All issues and questions concerning the construction, validity,
interpretation, and enforceability of these Official Rules, or the rights and
obligations of entrant and us in connection with the Sweepstakes, shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the substantive laws of
Australia, without regard to choice of law rules.

Except where prohibited by law, as a condition of participating in this
Sweepstakes, Entrant agrees that (1) any and all disputes, controversy, claims
or causes of action arising out of or connected with this Sweepstakes, these
Rules or any prizes awarded, including the formation, interpretation, breach
or termination thereof, will be exclusively referred to and finally determined
by an arbitration under JAMS International Arbitration Rule. The place of
arbitration shall be Melbourne, Australia and the language to be used in the
arbitral proceedings shall be English. Judgment upon such arbitration award
may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. The Tribunal shall
consist of on arbitrator. Under no circumstances will entrant be permitted to
obtain awards for, and entrant hereby waives all rights to claim, punitive,
incidental, or consequential damages, or any other damages, including
attorney’s fees, other than entrant’s actual out-of-pocket expenses (i.e.,
costs associated with entering this Sweepstakes), and entrant further waives
all rights to have damages multiplied or increased. Some jurisdictions do not
allow the limitations or exclusion of liability for incidental or
consequential damages, so a portion of the above may not apply to you. Except
where prohibited, by participating in this Sweepstakes, entrant agrees that
any and all disputes, claims, and causes of action arising out of or connected
with this Sweepstakes, or awarding of the prize, shall be resolved
individually, without resort to any form of class action.

We are the _Sponsor_ of this Sweepstakes: Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd
located at 35 Market Street, South Melbourne VIC 3205, Australia. To receive a
prize winner list, send a self-addressed stamped envelope to “Blockasset 301
Sweepstakes Winner” at this address. Requests must be postmarked by May 15,
2024.

These Official Rules are available at [Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange](https://www.cube.exchange/), where you may print the web page out if you desire. These Official Rules incorporate our Privacy Notice [Cube Privacy Notice](https://www.cube.exchange/legal/privacy) and you agree and acknowledge that this Sweepstakes is subject to our Privacy Notice.

This Sweepstakes is in no way sponsored, endorsed, administered by, or
associated with Facebook, Google, Google Plus, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest,
Twitter, or YouTube (collectively, the “Social Media Platforms”). Each entrant
is providing information to us and not to a specific Social Media Platform.
Each entrant hereby releases the Social Media Platforms from any and all
liability arising out of or in connection with this Sweepstakes.

The latest Blockasset UFC 301 Sweepstakes changes were made on Apr 24, 2024

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

