Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Networks

v

Last edit: [@vbaranov(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/vbaranov), April
16, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Public networks
    * Ethereum Mainnet
    * Ethereum Testnets
    * Layer 2 testnets
  * Private networks
    * Development networks
    * Consortium networks
  * Related tools
  * Further reading

Ethereum networks are groups of connected computers that communicate using the
Ethereum protocol. There is only one Ethereum Mainnet, but independent
networks conforming to the same protocol rules can be created for testing and
development purposes. There are many independent "networks" that conform to
the protocol without interacting with each other. You can even start one
locally on your own computer for testing your smart contracts and web3 apps.

Your Ethereum account will work across the different networks, but your
account balance and transaction history won't carry over from the main
Ethereum network. For testing purposes, it's useful to know which networks are
available and how to get testnet ETH to play around with. In general, for
security considerations, it's not recommended to reuse mainnet accounts on
testnets or vice versa.

## Prerequisites

You should understand the [basics of Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-
ethereum/) before reading up on the different networks, as the test networks
will give you a cheap, safe version of Ethereum to play around with.

## Public networks

Public networks are accessible to anyone in the world with an internet
connection. Anyone can read or create transactions on a public blockchain and
validate the transactions being executed. The consensus among peers decides on
the inclusion of transactions and the state of the network.

### Ethereum Mainnet

Mainnet is the primary public Ethereum production blockchain, where actual-
value transactions occur on the distributed ledger.

When people and exchanges discuss ETH prices, they're talking about Mainnet
ETH.

### Ethereum Testnets

In addition to Mainnet, there are public testnets. These are networks used by
protocol developers or smart contract developers to test both protocol
upgrades as well as potential smart contracts in a production-like environment
before deployment to Mainnet. Think of this as an analog to production versus
staging servers.

You should test any contract code you write on a testnet before deploying to
Mainnet. Among dapps that integrate with existing smart contracts, most
projects have copies deployed to testnets.

Most testnets started by using a permissioned proof-of-authority consensus
mechanism. This means a small number of nodes are chosen to validate
transactions and create new blocks â€“ staking their identity in the process.
Alternatively, some testnets feature an open proof-of-stake consensus
mechanism where everyone can test running a validator, just like Ethereum
Mainnet.

ETH on testnets is supposed to have no real value; however, there have been
markets created for certain types of testnet ETH that have become scarce or
hard to obtain. Since you need ETH to actually interact with Ethereum (even on
testnets), most people get testnet ETH for free from faucets. Most faucets are
webapps where you can input an address which you request ETH to be sent to.

#### Which Testnet should I use?

The two public testnets that client developers are currently maintaining are
Sepolia and Goerli. Sepolia is a network for contract and application
developers to test their applications. The Goerli network lets protocol
developers test network upgrades, and lets stakers test running validators.

#### Sepolia

**Sepolia is the recommended default testnet for application development**.
The Sepolia network uses a permissioned validator set. It's fairly new,
meaning its state and history are both quite small. This means the network is
quick to sync to and that running a node on it requires less storage. This is
useful for users who want to quickly spin up a node and interact with the
network directly.

  * Closed validator set, controlled by client & testing teams
  * New testnet, less applications deployed than other testnets
  * Fast to sync and running a node requires minimal disk space

##### Resources

  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://sepolia.dev/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/eth-clients/sepolia)
  * [Otterscan(opens in a new tab)](https://sepolia.otterscan.io/)
  * [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://sepolia.etherscan.io)
  * [Blockscout(opens in a new tab)](https://eth-sepolia.blockscout.com/)

##### Faucets

  * [QuickNode Sepolia Faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip)
  * [Grabteeth(opens in a new tab)](https://grabteeth.xyz/)
  * [PoW faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://sepolia-faucet.pk910.de/)
  * [Coinbase Wallet Faucet | Sepolia(opens in a new tab)](https://coinbase.com/faucets/ethereum-sepolia-faucet)
  * [Alchemy Sepolia faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://sepoliafaucet.com/)
  * [Infura Sepolia faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://www.infura.io/faucet)
  * [Chainstack Sepolia faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.chainstack.com/sepolia-faucet)

#### Goerli _(long-term support)_

_Note:[the Goerli testnet is deprecated(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-
magicians.org/t/proposal-predictable-ethereum-testnet-lifecycle/11575/17) and
will be replaced by [Holesovice(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/eth-
clients/holesovice) in 2023. Please consider migrating your applications to
Sepolia._

Goerli is a testnet for testing validating and staking. The Goerli network is
open for users wanting to run a testnet validator. Stakers wanting to test
protocol upgrades before they are deployed to mainnet should therefore use
Goerli.

  * Open validator set, stakers can test network upgrades
  * Large state, useful for testing complex smart contract interactions
  * Longer to sync and requires more storage to run a node

##### Resources

  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://goerli.net/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/eth-clients/goerli)
  * [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://goerli.etherscan.io)
  * [Blockscout(opens in a new tab)](https://eth-goerli.blockscout.com/)

##### Faucets

  * [QuickNode Goerli Faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.quicknode.com/drip)
  * [Grabteeth(opens in a new tab)](https://grabteeth.xyz/)
  * [PoW faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://goerli-faucet.pk910.de/)
  * [Paradigm faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.paradigm.xyz/)
  * [Alchemy Goerli Faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://goerlifaucet.com/)
  * [All That Node Goerli Faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://www.allthatnode.com/faucet/ethereum.dsrv)
  * [Coinbase Wallet Faucet | Goerli(opens in a new tab)](https://coinbase.com/faucets/ethereum-goerli-faucet)
  * [Chainstack Goerli faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.chainstack.com/goerli-faucet)

To launch a Validator on Goerli testnet, use ethstaker's ["cheap goerli
validator" launchpad(opens in a new
tab)](https://goerli.launchpad.ethstaker.cc/en/).

### Layer 2 testnets

[Layer 2 (L2)](/en/layer-2/) is a collective term to describe a specific set
of Ethereum scaling solutions. A layer 2 is a separate blockchain that extends
Ethereum and inherits the security guarantees of Ethereum. Layer 2 testnets
are usually tightly coupled to public Ethereum testnets.

#### Arbitrum Goerli

A testnet for [Arbitrum(opens in a new tab)](https://arbitrum.io/).

##### Faucets

  * [Chainlink faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucets.chain.link/)

#### Optimistic Goerli

A testnet for [Optimism(opens in a new tab)](https://www.optimism.io/).

##### Faucets

  * [Paradigm faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.paradigm.xyz/)
  * [Coinbase Wallet Faucet | Optimism Goerli(opens in a new tab)](https://coinbase.com/faucets/optimism-goerli-faucet)

#### Starknet Goerli

A testnet for [Starknet(opens in a new tab)](https://www.starknet.io).

##### Faucets

  * [Starknet faucet(opens in a new tab)](https://faucet.goerli.starknet.io)

## Private networks

An Ethereum network is a private network if its nodes are not connected to a
public network (i.e. Mainnet or a testnet). In this context, private only
means reserved or isolated, rather than protected or secure.

### Development networks

To develop an Ethereum application, you'll want to run it on a private network
to see how it works before deploying it. Similar to how you create a local
server on your computer for web development, you can create a local blockchain
instance to test your dapp. This allows for much faster iteration than a
public testnet.

There are projects and tools dedicated to assist with this. Learn more about
[development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/).

### Consortium networks

The consensus process is controlled by a pre-defined set of nodes that are
trusted. For example, a private network of known academic institutions that
each govern a single node, and blocks are validated by a threshold of
signatories within the network.

If a public Ethereum network is like the public internet, a consortium network
is like a private intranet.

## Related tools

  * [Chainlist(opens in a new tab)](https://chainlist.org/) _list of EVM networks to connect wallets and providers to the appropriate Chain ID and Network ID_
  * [EVM-based Chains(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum-lists/chains) _GitHub repo of chain metadata that powers Chainlist_

## Further reading

  * [Proposal: Predictable Ethereum Testnet Lifecycle(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/proposal-predictable-ethereum-testnet-lifecycle/11575/17)
  * [The Evolution of Ethereum Testnets(opens in a new tab)](https://etherworld.co/2022/08/19/the-evolution-of-ethereum-testnet/)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/networks/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Public networks
      * Ethereum Mainnet
      * Ethereum Testnets
      * Layer 2 testnets
    * Private networks
      * Development networks
      * Consortium networks
    * Related tools
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

