Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Orchestration

# **Manage digital assets** wherever they are stored

Harmonize multiple vaults and custodians, trading, tokenization and other
third-party solutions, as well as digital asset interactions into a unified
operating system.

[Unify your digital assets operations](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Unify
your digital assets operations")

## **Stay in control**  
as you expand your business

Get a 360-degree view over all your digital assets under management,  
whether they are stored locally, at sub-custodians, on exchanges or in other
external wallets.

  * __

### Asset- and system-agnostic orchestration

Obtain a single source of truth for digital assets managed by various internal
and third-party systems, underpinned by a single governance framework.

  * __

### Networked business model building capabilities

Unlock exponential growth from building custody, settlement and collateral
management networks, backed by the highest industry standards and trust.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/connectivity-exchanges-
subcustodians.png?x88149)

  * ### **A single, unified platform**

Connect, unify, secure and manage all transactions and operations across
various self-custody solutions, sub-custodians, trading venues, external
accounts, settlement networks, DeFi apps, tokenization engines and other
digital asset backends.

  * ### **Multi-protocol support**

Leverage the native support and connectivity to all major public and
permissioned ledgers, with extensive coverage for major cryptocurrencies, DeFi
tokens and smart contracts.

## **Access** our thought leadership

**Orchestration:** the key for your digital asset infrastructure

[Download the white paper](https://www.metaco.com/resources/whitepaper-
orchestration/ "Download the white paper")

  * ### **Unified accounting**

Consolidate the accounting data for self-custodied and sub custodied assets
with a standardized representation for all distributed ledger protocols and
connected financial services.

  * ### **Automated rebalancing and allocation**

Automate the rebalancing of assets under management between accounts and
security zones for optimal risk management, gas allocation, and transactions
executability.

  * ### **Seamless connectivity to Web3**

Connect and manage keys and interactions across any major DeFi protocol, NFT
platform or Web3 DApp.

[Learn more about Web3 capabilities](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/
"Learn more about Web3 capabilities")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/orchestration-reporting-
accounting-web3-1280x1280.png?x88149)

## Build networked solutions to **unlock exponential growth**

Work with like-minded global custodians, banks and regulated financial
institutions to create and develop networked offerings such as sub-custody and
settlement networks, DeFi liquidity pools, collateral management solutions,
backed by the highest possible standards of KYC/AML.

[Ask us about our working groups](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Ask us
about our working groups")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

