[![Jet](assets/images/Jetwhitelogo.png)](index.html)

Products

[Docs](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/jet-protocol/)
[Github](https://github.com/jet-lab/) [Bug
Bounty](https://immunefi.com/bounty/jetprotocol/)

Community

[Forum](https://forum.jetprotocol.io/)
[Governance](https://govern.jetassociation.org/)

Resources

[Blog](blog.html) [Litepaper](documents/litepaper-v0.0.1.pdf)
[Jobs](https://www.jetprotocol.io/jobs)

[Products](products.html) [DAO](dao.html) [Build](build.html)
[Docs](http://docs.jetprotocol.io/)

[Launch App](http://app.jetprotocol.io)

[Products](products.html) [DAO](dao.html) [Build](build.html)
[Docs](http://docs.jetprotocol.io/)

[Launch App](https://app.jetprotocol.io/)

[![](assets/images/Arrow-4-Stroke.svg) Products ](products.html)

####  Fixed Rate

Fixed Term Structure DeFi Borrowing and Lending (Orderbook-based)

Jet Fixed Rate is the original DeFi product that is bringing fixed term
structures to DeFi. For the first time, lenders and borrowers can negotiate
rates through a central limit order book (âCLOBâ), a format familiar to
financial market participants. Jetâs Fixed Rate model provides numerous
benefits over the variable rate pooled lending design popular throughout DeFi:
Both borrowers and lenders know exactly what their rates will be before they
borrow or lend and as such can plan ahead and make predictions and
projections. Unlike with pooled lending there is no risk of a lack of
withdrawal liquidity for lenders - lenders are always guaranteed access to
their funds aft the maturation of debt whereas with pooled lending there is
substantial risk that the lent liquidity is borrowed out, in which case
lenders must wait other users to deposit more liquidity before they can
withdraw.

Jet Fixed Rate supports the automatic rollover of debts; termed âautorollâ
which can be turned on and configured by users individually to set the minimum
lend rate or the maximum borrowing rate acceptable for a loan to roll over
(assuming sufficient collateral exists in that userâs margin account).

For a full description of Fixed Rate mechanics and features, see the [product
documentation page](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/jet-protocol/protocol/jet-
products/fixed-rate) which also includes links to pages describing each Fixed
Rate order type (maker/market orders to borrow and lend versus taker/limit
orders to borrow and lend) and helps newer users by defining terms and
concepts that will be encountered while using the Fixed Rate Application.

The Fixed Rate product is launching with 4 initial markets: 1 day USDC and SOL
markets, and 30 day USDC and SOL markets. These four markets allow users to
open flexible lending and borrowing positions as well as open the door to
other strategies such as taking advantage of interest rate arbitrage between
the fixed and variable products. In the future, additional markets can be
added through [the JetDAO governance
process](https://docs.jetdao.fi/about/jet-governance-process) and proposed and
discussed in [the community forum](https://forum.jetprotocol.io/).

![](assets/images/Fixed-Term.png)

Lend or Borrow Fixed Rate

[![SOL](assets/images/solana-sol-logo.svg) SOL  ](https://app.jetprotocol.io/)
[![USDC](assets/images/usdc-coin-white.svg) USDC
](https://app.jetprotocol.io/)

Contact

[hello@jetprotocol.io](mailto:hello@jetprotocol.io?subject=Hey%20there!)

[![](assets/images/icon_Twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/jetprotocol)
[![](assets/images/icon_Discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/RW2hsqwfej)
[![](assets/images/icon_Medium.svg)](https://medium.com/jetprotocol)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.jetprotocol.io/) [GitHub](https://github.com/jet-
lab/) [Bug Bounty](https://immunefi.com/bounty/jetprotocol/)

Community

[Forum](https://forum.jetprotocol.io/)
[Governance](https://govern.jetassociation.org/)

Resources

All rights reserved. Â© Jet Protocol 2022-2023

[Terms of Service](terms-of-service.html) [Privacy Policy](privacy-
policy.html)

