[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/%ED%94%BC%EC%8B%B1-%EC%82%AC%EA%B8%B0-%EC%BA%A0%ED%8E%98%EC%9D%B8-%EC%83%81%ED%83%9C)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/status-das-campanhas-de-phishing)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

#StopTheScammers

# Ongoing phishing campaigns

Phishing attempts are targeting Ledger customers.  
  
Phishing attacks are unfortunately an all too common threat when using the
internet. This page aims to make a list of some examples of phishing attacks
we have received at Ledger targeting our customers. If you have any doubts
about the authenticity of a communication from Ledger, you can refer to the
list below highlighting some recent phishing campaigns.  
  
Phishing websites shutdown last month: 101  
Social networks : 226 = 216 Twitter, 6 telegram, 3 facebook, 1 Linkedin  
Latest update: March 22th, 2023

[Report a phishing attempt](https://www.ledger.com/phishing-campaigns-
status#help-us "Report a phishing attempt")  
  
[Consult on-going phishing campaigns](https://www.ledger.com/phishing-
campaigns-status#phishing-campaigns "Consult on-going phishing campaigns")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/12/phishing-
hero.png)

__

      

## _Never share the 24 words_ of your recovery phrase with anyone under any
circumstances.

Even with Ledger or what you would think is coming from Ledger. Ledger will
_**never**_ ask for them. You should never enter your 24 words anywhere else
than into your device.

## How to prevent being scammed from phishing?

__  

### Never validate a transaction on your Nano if you are not the author of
this transaction.

Scammers will ask you to download a fake Ledger Live application that will
trigger a transaction on your Nano. You must absolutely reject that
transaction.

__  

### Ledger cannot and will not deactivate your device.

Some phishing attempts are pretending Ledger 'deactivate' or 'block' your
device for KYC reasons. Ledger is not in a position to 'block' our
'deactivate' your device. Any request asking you to do this is bogus.

__  

### Always make sure that you interact through Ledger’s official channels

Be cautious, fake domain names are sometimes very close with a subtle spelling
difference such as "legder", "leqder", "ledqer", "lèdger" or "ledgёr"  
  
Please also be aware of what you may think is a ledger.com domain name but is
in fact not!  
  
See for example:  
**ledger.com-a42-encryption-m6-email.rg37-s8-smtp (dot) cloud**  
  
Authentic Ledger domain names are:  
**@ledger.fr**  
**@ledger.com**  
**@ledgerwallet.com**  
**@ledger.zendesk.com**

__  

### Ledger will never contact you via text messages or phone call.

As soon as you receive a so-called Ledger communication via text message,
WhatsApp, Telegram, phone call or postal letter, assume that It is a phishing
attempt, report it as spam, and block the sender.  
  
Ledger will only communicate via email and official social media channels :  
[twitter.com/ledger](https://twitter.com/Ledger)  
[facebook.com/ledger](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)  
[instagram.com/ledger](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)

## Ongoing phishing campaigns  

Latest update: June 17th, 2021

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/9-dec2-1.png)

DATE

Unknown

  
  
ANATOMY OF THE CAMPAIGN

The phishing attempt claims there is an outgoing transaction being made to
empty your wallet to encourage you to click on the cancel button. This is
fake, Ledger is not able to know what you are doing with your Nano.  
  
Then you would be invited to enter your recovery phrase in a fake version of
Ledger Live to cancel the non existing transaction.  
  
The scammers play on your legitimate fear (someone would have access to your
accounts) to encourage you to give the 24 words of your recovery phrase.

* * *

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/5-6-dec2-1.png)

DATE

December 9th, 2020

  
  
ANATOMY OF THE CAMPAIGN

This scam pretends that due to new KYC rules, Ledger was obliged to deactivate
your hardware wallet. First of all, It’s not possible, Ledger is not able to
deactivate your Nano.  
  
The link invites you to enter your recovery phrase for KYC purposes. Private
keys / recovery phrase are not part of any KYC procedures.  
  
Ledger is not an Exchange, you don’t need a KYC (Know Your Customer) procedure
to use your Ledger Nano or Ledger Live.  
  
Only the “buy” features on Ledger Live needs a KYC procedure.

* * *

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/5-6-dec-1.png)

DATE

December 5th, 2020

  
  
ANATOMY OF THE CAMPAIGN

This phishing attempt pretends your hardware wallet has been deactivated,
which is not technically possible.  
  
The link invites you to enter your recovery phrase for KYC purposes. Private
keys / recovery phrase are not part of any KYC procedures. The link provided
by the scammers is not legitimate.  
Ledger is not an Exchange, you don’t need a KYC (Know Your Customer) procedure
to use your Ledger Nano or Ledger Live.  
  
Only the “buy” feature on Ledger Live needs a KYC procedure.

* * *

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/12/4-dec.png)
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/4-dec2.png)

DATE

December 4th, 2020

  
  
ANATOMY OF THE CAMPAIGN

This phishing scam pretends that a security breach affects you and your funds
are at risk to encourage you to download a fake version of the Ledger Live
app.  
  
This fake version of Ledger Live will ask that you enter your recovery phrase
in order to fix a security issue that does not exist. There is no security
breach that requires you to download a new version of the Ledger Live app, nor
will the app ever ask you for your 24 word recovery phrase.

## Learn more about phishing campaigns

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/12/phishing-
academy-1.png)

The Battleground Against Phishing Attempts

[Read the article](https://www.ledger.com/the-battleground-against-phishing-
attempts "Read The Battleground Against Phishing Attempts")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/12/phishing-
academy-2.png)

Anatomy of a Phishing Attack

[Read the article](https://www.ledger.com/anatomy-of-a-phishing-attack "Read
Anatomy of a Phishing Attack")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/12/phishing-
academy-3.png)

How to keep your crypto safe against scams

[Read the article](https://www.ledger.com/academy/somethings-phishy-how-to-
keep-your-crypto-safe-against-scams "Read How to keep your crypto safe against
scams")

## Want to help us or report a phishing campaign?

__  

If you have any doubt about the authenticity of the communication you received
or the domain name or the sending address you received the communication from,
you can always [contact our Customer
Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us).

  

__  

If you think you have received a fake communication from a third party
impersonating Ledger, you can [report it here](mailto:phishing@ledger.com).

  

NB: This will be reviewed by our team and help us flag more phishing examples
on this page. However please note that there won’t be an individualised
response to emails sent to this address. If your query requires a response
from Ledger, please contact our Customer Support.

__  

If you have received a phishing attempt or if you are aware of an illegal
website, please report it to [Google
Safebrowsing](https://safebrowsing.google.com/safebrowsing/report_phish/?hl=en).
The more we report these illegal websites to Google, the more difficult it
will be for scammers to deceive our Ledger users.

  

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/%ED%94%BC%EC%8B%B1-%EC%82%AC%EA%B8%B0-%EC%BA%A0%ED%8E%98%EC%9D%B8-%EC%83%81%ED%83%9C)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/phishing-campaigns-status)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/status-das-campanhas-de-phishing)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5ebcc0ad-30f3-42b3-a940-553e14c4a2fb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=f9f7589f-ffe0-4611-a222-50b438a01fdd&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fphishing-
campaigns-
status&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5ebcc0ad-30f3-42b3-a940-553e14c4a2fb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=f9f7589f-ffe0-4611-a222-50b438a01fdd&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fphishing-
campaigns-
status&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=a92bf6f8-e145-44f5-9556-1aab8d11cf5b&sid=501cf8801cfe11ef826dfbd635543ffe&vid=501cf7401cfe11efad9e9bf5e98ed672&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ongoing%20phishing%20campaigns%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fphishing-
campaigns-status&r=&lt=1945&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=479344)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A26%3A46%20GMT&n=0&b=Ongoing%20phishing%20campaigns%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fphishing-
campaigns-status&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

