Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Proof-of-authority (PoA)

m

Last edit: [@minimalsm(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/minimalsm), May
10, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is proof-of-authority (PoA)?
  * How it works
  * Attack vectors
    * Malicious signers
    * Censorship
    * Spam
    * Concurrent blocks
  * Pros and cons
  * Further reading
    * More of a visual learner?
  * Related topics

**Proof-of-authority (PoA)** is a reputation-based consensus algorithm that is
a modified version of [proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/). It is mostly used by private chains, testnets, and local
development networks. PoA is a reputation-based consensus algorithm that
requires trusting a set of authorized signers to produce blocks, instead of a
stake-based mechanism in PoS.

## Prerequisites

To better understand this page, we recommend you first read up on
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/),
[blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/), and [consensus
mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/).

## What is proof-of-authority (PoA)?

Proof-of-authority is a modified version of **[proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) (PoS)** that is a
reputation-based consensus algorithm instead of stake-based mechanism in PoS.
The term has been introduced for the first time in 2017 by Gavin Wood, and
this consensus algorithm has been mostly used by private chains, testnets and
local development networks, as it overcomes the need for high quality
resources as PoW does, and overcomes the scalability issues with PoS by having
small subset of nodes storing the blockchain and producing blocks.

Proof-of-authority requires trusting a set of authorized signers that are set
in the _genesis block_. In most current implementations, all authorized
signers retain equal power and privileges when determining consensus of the
chain. The idea behind reputation staking is every authorized validator is
well-known to everyone through things like know your customer (KYC), or by
having a well-known organization being the only validator—this way if a
validator does anything wrong, their identity is known.

There are multiple implementations of PoA, but the standard Ethereum
implementation is **clique** , which implements [EIP-225(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-225). Clique is developer-friendly
and an easy-to-implement standard, supporting all client syncing types. Other
implementations include [IBFT 2.0(opens in a new
tab)](https://besu.hyperledger.org/stable/private-networks/concepts/poa) and
[Aura(opens in a new tab)](https://openethereum.github.io/Chain-
specification).

## How it works

In PoA, a set of authorized signers are selected to create new blocks. The
signers are selected based on their reputation, and they are the only ones
allowed to create new blocks. The signers are selected in a round-robin
fashion, and each signer is allowed to create a block in a specific time
frame. The block creation time is fixed, and the signers are required to
create a block within that time frame.

The reputation in this context is not a quantified thing but rather it is the
reputation of well-known corporations like Microsoft and Google, hence the way
of selecting the trusted signers is not algorithmic but rather it is the
normal human act of _trust_ where an entity let's say for example Microsoft
creates a PoA private network between hundreds or thousands of startups and
the role itself as the only trusted signer with the possibility of adding
other well-known signers like Google in the future, the startups would,
without doubt, trust Microsoft to act in an honest manner all the times and
use the network. This solves the need to stake in different small/private
networks that were built for different purposes to keep them decentralized and
functioning, along with the need for miners which consumes a lot of power and
resources. Some private networks use the PoA standard as it such as VeChain,
and some modify it such as Binance which uses [PoSA(opens in a new
tab)](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/proof-of-staked-authority-posa)
which is a custom modified version of PoA and PoS.

The voting process is done by the signers themselves. Each signer votes for
the addition or removal of a signer in their block when they create a new
block. The votes are tallied up by the nodes, and the signers are added or
removed based on the votes reaching a certain threshold `SIGNER_LIMIT`.

There may be a situation where small forks occur, the difficulty of a block
depends on whether the block was signed in turn or out of turn. “In turn”
blocks have difficulty 2, and “out of turn” blocks have difficulty 1. In the
case of small forks, the chain with most of the signers sealing blocks “in
turn” will accumulate the most difficulty and win.

## Attack vectors

### Malicious signers

A malicious user could be added to the list of signers, or a signing
key/machine might be compromised. In such a scenario the protocol needs to be
able to defend itself against reorganizations and spamming. The proposed
solution is that given a list of N authorized signers, any signer may only
mint 1 block out of every K. This ensures that damage is limited, and the
remainder of the miners can vote out the malicious user.

### Censorship

Another interesting attack vector is if a signer (or group of signers)
attempts to censor blocks that vote on removing them from the authorization
list. To work around this, the allowed minting frequency of signers is
restricted to 1 out of N/2. This ensures that malicious signers need to
control at least 51% of signing accounts, at which point they would
effectively become the new source-of-truth for the chain.

### Spam

Another small attack vector is malicious signers injecting new vote proposals
inside every block they mint. Since nodes need to tally up all votes to create
the actual list of authorized signers, they must record all votes over time.
Without placing a limit on the vote window, this could grow slowly, yet
unbounded. The solution is to place a _moving_ window of W blocks after which
votes are considered stale. _A reasonable window might be 1-2 epochs._

### Concurrent blocks

In a PoA network, When there are N authorized signers, each signer is allowed
to mint 1 block out of K, which means that N-K+1 miners are allowed to mint at
any given point in time. To prevent these miners from racing for blocks, each
signer should add a small random "offset" to the time it releases a new block.
Although this process ensures that small forks are rare, occasional forks can
still happen, just like mainnet. If a signer is found to be abusing its power
and causing chaos, the other signers can vote them out.

If for example there are 10 authorized signers and each signer is allowed to
create 1 block out of 20, then at any given time, 11 miners can create blocks.
To prevent them from racing to create blocks, each signer adds a small random
"offset" to the time they release a new block. This reduces the occurrence of
small forks but still allows occasional forks, as seen on the Ethereum
Mainnet. If a signer misuses their authority and causes disruptions, they can
be voted out of the network.

## Pros and cons

Pros| Cons  
---|---  
Scalable more than other popular mechanisms such PoS and PoW, as it's based on
a limited number of block signers| PoA networks typically have a relatively
small number of validating nodes. This makes a PoA network more centralized.  
PoA blockchains are incredibly cheap to run and maintain| Becoming an
authorized signer is typically out of reach for an ordinary person, because
the blockchain requires entities with established reputation.  
The transactions are confirmed very quick as it could reach less than 1 second
because only limited number of signers are required to validate new blocks|
Malicious signers could reorg, double spend, censor transactions in the
network, those attacks are mitigated but still possible  
  
## Further reading

  * [EIP-225(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-225) _Clique standard_
  * [Proof of Authority study(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/cryptoeconomics-study/website/blob/master/docs/sync/2.4-lecture.md) _Cryptoeconomics_
  * [What is Proof of Authority(opens in a new tab)](https://forum.openzeppelin.com/t/proof-of-authority/3577) _OpenZeppelin_
  * [Proof of Authority Explained(opens in a new tab)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/proof-of-authority-explained) _binance_
  * [PoA in blockchain(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/techskill-brew/proof-of-authority-or-poa-in-blockchain-part-11-blockchain-series-be15b3321cba)
  * [Clique explained(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@Destiner/clique-cross-client-proof-of-authority-algorithm-for-ethereum-8b2a135201d)
  * [Deprecated PoA, Aura specification(opens in a new tab)](https://openethereum.github.io/Chain-specification)
  * [IBFT 2.0, another PoA implementation(opens in a new tab)](https://besu.hyperledger.org/stable/private-networks/concepts/poa)

### More of a visual learner?

Watch a visual explanation of proof-of-authority:

## Related topics

  * [Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)
  * [Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is proof-of-authority (PoA)?
    * How it works
    * Attack vectors
      * Malicious signers
      * Censorship
      * Spam
      * Concurrent blocks
    * Pros and cons
    * Further reading
      * More of a visual learner?
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Genesis block

The first block in a [blockchain](/en/glossary/#blockchain), used to
initialize a particular network and its cryptocurrency.

