[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ everstake pa... ](/blog/everstake-partners-with-zengo-wallet-to-boost-staking-experience-for-all-their-users)

#  Everstake Partners With Zengo Wallet to Boost Staking Experience for All
Their Users

07 May 2024

4 min read

Zengo

Partnership

Staking

Ethereum

4 min read

Article content

What Is the Zengo MPC Wallet?

Ethereum Staking with Zengo

Conclusion

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Everstake is happy to announce our partnership with [Zengo
Wallet](https://zengo.com/), the leading self-custodial wallet powered by
institutional-grade MPC technology.

This partnership will see Everstake become one of the validators available for
crypto staking via Zengo, also making us the exclusive validator for Ethereum
staking. Our joint efforts with Zengo will boost the staking experience for
all users while ensuring the bulletproof security of their assets.

## What Is the Zengo MPC Wallet?

Zengo is a multi-chain wallet supporting Bitcoin, Ethereum, Polygon, Base,
Dogecoin, Tezos, and thousands of other cryptocurrencies. Unlike most self-
custodial wallets, Zengo does not use seed phrases but instead leverages
[multi-party computation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_multi-
party_computation) (MPC). Since Zengo was established 5 years ago, not a
single Zengo wallet has been phished, taken over, or hacked.

Unlike most other wallets, Zengo’s 24/7 live in-app support and premium Zengo
Pro subscription offer advanced security features like Theft Protection and
Legacy Transfer, an inheritance-style feature.

Learn more about Zengo and their work from the [company’s
blog](https://zengo.com/blog/).

## Ethereum Staking with Zengo

Users can stake their [Ethereum](https://ethereum.org/en/) and other crypto
assets via Zengo’s intuitive interface.

By staking your ETH, you support the proper operation of the network, getting
ETH rewards in exchange. While the network rules stipulate that the minimum
amount to be staked is 32 ETH, [Everstake’s solution](https://zengo.com/eth-
staking/) that Zengo users can access allows one to stake as little as 0.1
ETH, thus lowering the entry threshold 320 times over.

Thus, our partnership will enable all Zengo users to become a part of the ETH
staking community and enjoy additional yields without exposing themselves to
many risks commonly associated with hot storage and online staking, such as
hacks or thefts.

Everstake is the exclusive ETH staking provider for Zengo, so its users can
rest assured that their funds remain within their control in a non-custodial
environment, and the staking infrastructure that handles them is diverse,
distributed, up to the highest industry standards, and maintained by a
seasoned team of highly professional experts.

Learn more about [staking ETH with
Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking/ethereum) from our [extensive suite
of features, articles, and
guides](https://everstake.one/blog/tagged/ethereum).

## Conclusion

Everstake is proud and thrilled to offer our staking services with Zengo,
which, we believe, redefines what secure self-custody truly means. In our
view, this is a prime example of a partnership benefitting not only its
parties but everyone who uses our services.

We are confident that our joint work in ensuring top-notch user experience
will make staking more accessible than it has ever been before. By staking
with Everstake via Zengo, users can have the ultimate peace of mind.

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

