[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token Protocol

# What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token Protocol

By **Jemima Conlon**

Apr 23, 2024 | **Updated May 28, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-protocol
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Runes%3F%20About%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Fungible%20Token%20Protocol&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-protocol
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-protocol
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol&title=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Runes%3F%20About%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Fungible%20Token%20Protocol
"Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/06_Crypto_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
 — The Bitcoin runes protocol launched in April 2024, offering a new method of
creating fungible tokens on the Bitcoin blockchain.  
  
 — Although they are not the first Bitcoin fungible tokens, Runes are the most
efficient so far, created by Bitcoin Ordinal protocol founder Casey Rodarmor.  
  
 — As an experimental asset, managing runes can be challenging. With a Ledger
device and a runes-compatible wallet, you can explore this new asset class
with safety.  
  
[Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-bitcoin) was first created as
a secure, decentralized store and transfer of value, and for over a decade,
it’s done that incredibly well. However, since Bitcoin’s launch, the wider
blockchain ecosystem has expanded. For example, the Ethereum network
incorporated a virtual machine into its infrastructure. [The Ethereum virtual
machine](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/understanding-ethereum-
virtual-machine-evm) allowed the creation of smart contracts, unlocking
decentralized apps (dapps), and fungible and non-fungible tokens. These
features inspired the creation of entire ecosystems dedicated to decentralized
finance, digital art, and much more.

As a long-term store of value, Bitcoin doesn’t support complex smart contracts
by design. It doesn’t use a virtual machine, and thus can’t support
decentralized apps. As such, alternative asset classes have evolved slower on
Bitcoin than on other networks. Creating tokens on the Bitcoin network is more
technically challenging than on chains built for speed and scalability.

While the ecosystem was once limited, today there are a choice of protocols on
the Bitcoin network offering ways to create both fungible and non-fungible
tokens.

The first is the [bitcoin ordinals
protocol,](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-ordinals) designed to create
a kind of Bitcoin NFT. Then the [Bitcoin
stamps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-stamps) and
[BRC-20](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-brc-20-tokens) protocols
followed along soon after. Now, another fungible asset class joining the mix:
bitcoin runes. But what are Bitcoin runes exactly?

## What are Bitcoin Runes?

Bitcoin Runes are fungible assets built on Bitcoin via the Runes protocol.
Runes are much like preexisting fungible tokens on the Bitcoin network but
designed to be more efficient and immutable. Fungible tokens have many use
cases, but it’s impossible not to mention memecoins. As Bitcoin is the biggest
and most popular blockchain network, introducing the capability to create
native memecoins impacts the wider ecosystem.

To understand why, let’s explore the history of runes and why they exist.

## The History of Bitcoin Runes

The Bitcoin Runes protocol was announced in September 2023 and launched
alongside the [Bitcoin halving](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/bitcoin-
halving) on the 20th of April 2024. The idea was to improve the experience of
creating fungible tokens on the Bitcoin network.

For some context, the creator of Runes, Casey Rodarmor, is also behind the
most popular alternative Bitcoin asset yet, Bitcoin ordinals. The ordinals
protocol was designed to create [non-fungible
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft); unique tokens with
unique value. This sparked off a market of Bitcoin digital art and
collectibles. It also piqued the interest of some other innovators on the
chain.

Another Bitcoin developer, named Domo, used the ordinals protocol as a base to
build a fungible token protocol he named BRC-20. These tokens have since
proved popular, but as an experimental protocol, it has its faults. Without
getting too technical, using the BRC-20 protocol can be costly and energy-
inefficient.

As an improved solution, Rodarmor decided to launch the bitcoin runes
protocol. Bitcoin Runes can do everything the BRC-20 tokens can, but more
efficiently and at less expense.

## What are Bitcoin Runes For

Bitcoin runes, as fungible tokens, have a wide range of use cases. Much like
ERC-20 tokens on the Ethereum network, you can use Runes to launch any
fungible token project you like. The only difference is that your runes
project cannot rely on a complex [smart
contract](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-contract).
If you plan to create [token-
gated](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-token-gating) apps
or decentralized governance platforms, Bitcoin runes aren’t the asset type you
want. But, for the following uses, Bitcoin Runes show a lot of potential.

### Memecoins

[Memecoins](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins) will likely
always play a part in the crypto market. NFT memes have sold for millions of
dollars. Some of the most popular coins in existence are purely built on
memes, such as DOGE and PEPE. As the most popular network, many Bitcoin
memecoins using the BRC-20 and SRC-20 protocols have seen huge successes.

In preparation for the launch, some leading Bitcoin memecoins, such as WZRD
and PUPS announced they would migrate their existing BRC-20 tokens to the new
runes protocol. Thus in the future, we’re likely to see a lot more Bitcoin
memecoins launching as runes.

### DeFi

Bitcoin runes also open up the possibility of DeFi on the Bitcoin network.
Their fungibility means they are easy to split into pieces and put back
together again. Plus, since runes are compatible with both the Bitcoin mainnet
and Lightning network, they can be integrated into borrowing and lending
platforms. This could mark the beginning of a new era for the Bitcoin network.
While Bitcoin fungible tokens were possible previously, the runes protocol is
cheaper and more efficient than its predecessors.

## How Do Bitcoin Runes Work

Before explaining how Bitcoin Runes work, it’s important to understand how
Bitcoin transactions are processed. On the Bitcoin network, every transaction
requires an input and an output which come in the form of [Unspent Transaction
Outputs (UTXO)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/unspent-transaction-
output-utxo). Think of a UTXO like a banknote.

When you pay for something on the network, you actually send an entire UTXO to
that address and you receive a new UTXO in return. It’s much like paying for
an item with a $20 banknote and then receiving a $10 banknote as change.

The Bitcoin Runes protocol uses this transaction process to create fungible
tokens.  Much like the process of creating a Bitcoin ordinal is called
inscribing, the process of creating a Bitcoin rune is called “etching”.

This involves creating a “genesis” UTXO including the details of the rune’s
name, symbol, decimals, and total supply. This information is assigned to a
single UTXO. Sending out transactions creates fractionalized, fungible pieces
of the original UTXO, and those new pieces are called Runes.

## Bitcoin Runes Vs BRC-20: What’s the difference

Bitcoin runes rely on a separate protocol from BRC-20 tokens, thus there are
some key technical and practical differences.

For example, managing BRC-20 tokens requires a
[Taproot](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-taproot)-enabled wallet, and
that’s not the case for Runes. You can manage Runes without a Taproot-enabled
wallet or access to bitcoin layer two networks. These assets are completely
native to the Bitcoin mainnet. Runes are also the first fungible Bitcoin
assets that are Lightning network-compatible. Unlike previous fungible Bitcoin
assets, you can bridge runes to the [Lightning
network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-the-lightning-
network) and back.

Runes also differ from BRC-20 because they handle data more efficiently. To
explain, BRC-20 tokens create “junk” UTXOs. Runes are more streamlined.
Reducing the amount of data processed puts less strain on the network which is
more scalable and cost-effective.

Finally, Runes are more immutable than BRC-20 because they store all data on-
chain, rather than using off-chain data storage methods. There are also no
third-party tools to rely on when storing data. The asset is truly
decentralized.

## How Can I Store and Manage Bitcoin Runes Securely

Runes are still highly experimental assets, so if you want to get involved,
proceed with caution. New assets often mean new dangers. It’s all too easy to
fall for a social engineering scam when interacting with unfamiliar platforms
and protocols.

If you want to interact with Bitcoin Runes, it’s always best to stick to the
most intuitive and secure methods. A [Bitcoin offline
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) is essential to protect
you from online threats, but you’ll also need a wallet compatible with these
experimental assets.

To get the best of both worlds, connect a runes-compatible wallet to your
Ledger device. Currently, you can’t visualize your runes in Ledger Live, but
using your Ledger device alongside a third-party wallet will keep your private
keys secure while exploring this new asset class.

### Manage Bitcoin Runes With Your Ledger Device Via XVerse

Xverse is a Bitcoin software wallet compatible with Bitcoin runes, rare sats,
and ordinals. It also allows you to connect to Bitcoin layer two network
Stacks. Most importantly, it’s compatible with your Ledger device. That means
you can manage your Runes with the confidence that your private keys are
offline and away from hackers when interacting with new protocols. [To learn
how to manage Runes with Xverse and a Ledger device, follow the steps in this
help center article.](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/18281497320861-How-to-store-and-manage-Bitcoin-runes-with-your-
Ledger-device-and-Xverse-wallet?docs=true)

### Manage Bitcoin Runes With Your Ledger Device Via Leather (Hiro)

Leather Wallet, previously known as Hiro Wallet, is a Bitcoin software wallet
compatible with Bitcoin Runes, Ordinals, and Stamps protocols. Leather wallet
is also compatible with the Stacks Bitcoin layer two network and plans to
integrate Lightning in the future. To learn more about [how to manage
alternative bitcoin assets with Leather, check out the Academy article
here](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it). To connect your Ledger device to Leather wallet,
follow the steps [in this help center
article](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/11414148809885-Connect-
your-Ledger-device-to-Leather-Wallet?support=true).

## The Future of Bitcoin Runes

If Rodarmor’s previous protocol is anything to go by, the future of the Runes
protocol is bright. To explain, the Bitcoin ordinals protocol sparked off a
whole ecosystem of assets, growing into a $2 Billion market within its first
year. With the existing interest in other fungible token protocols on Bitcoin,
such as BRC-20 and SRC-20, and the excitement about Runes before they
launched, it’s safe to say that Runes will be an important asset class in
2024.

In anticipation of interest, popular NFT Marketplace Magic Eden announced it
would launch Runes trading support on April 23rd, just 3 days after the
protocol’s launch. Yes, it’s already live! Major exchange OKX also announced
it would launch a marketplace for Runes.

With crypto industry leaders building infrastructure for such a nascent asset
class, who knows what could happen in the future? But to be certain, fungible
assets on the most popular crypto network are becoming a lot more accessible
and easy to use.

**Jemima Conlon**  

Jem started her web3 journey in journalism, running the NFT news site
NFTevening. Since then, she became enamoured with power blockchain technology
has to revolutionize multiple industries–not just art! Now, she helps the
Ledger Academy with Editorial Content and SEO.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-protocol
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Runes%3F%20About%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Fungible%20Token%20Protocol&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-protocol
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-protocol
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol&title=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Runes%3F%20About%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Fungible%20Token%20Protocol
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

[How To Send Bitcoin to Another
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-and-
how-does-it-work)

[What Is A Bitcoin Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/create-a-bitcoin-wallet)

[How to Create a Bitcoin
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/create-a-bitcoin-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

