[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# Meet our leadership

At Cube Exchange, we have a friendly, talented, and hardworking team that
makes our success possible. Each team member has their own special skills, and
they work together to give our clients the best experience.

  * ![Bartosz Lipinski](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2Ffegzy4pk%2Fproduction%2Fe35a9e4ffc1efbd48ad48e6d1891465cd0229c32-3915x2936.jpg&w=828&q=75)

### Bartosz Lipinski CEO

    * [X](https://twitter.com/baalazamon)
    * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bartoszlipinski/)

Bartosz Lipinski is the CEO of Cube Group, Inc. He brings a wealth of
experience from his time building global trading infrastructure at financial
firms including Citadel, JP Morgan, and BNP Paribas; and applied the knowledge
gained there to inform Cube’s unique market structure.

Prior to founding Cube.Exchange, Bartosz co-founded the B+J Studios, a Solana-
focused venture studio where he raised $10 million and launched successful
projects including Cupcake, Raindrops, and Lollipop. Bartosz's time at Solana
Labs was marked by significant contributions to the development of early DeFi
protocols, wallet infrastructure, and NFT standards. He is widely considered
to be one of the foremost DeFi and Web3 experts in the industry.

  

  * ![Larry Wu](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2Ffegzy4pk%2Fproduction%2F749bf355dbd6a56d1eac20910946d6490fc7634e-828x621.jpg&w=828&q=75)

### Larry Wu CTO

    * [X](https://twitter.com/0xlwu)
    * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lawrence-wu-9472a7127)

Larry Wu is Chief Technology Officer at Cube Group, Inc. He previously was a
developer at both the financial firm DRW, where he focused on high-frequency
trading systems and infrastructure; and with Solana Labs, where he made
significant contributions to DeFi systems and NFT protocols. He is one of the
principal architects of Cube.Exchange.

  

  * ![Tigran Tigran Rostomyan, Chief Compliance Officer at Cube Group, Inc., is a seasoned compliance professional with a solid track record in addressing financial crime and advancing regulatory adherence within the blockchain and traditional finance sectors.  As the Founder of AML Incubator; a Fractional Compliance Outsourcing and a Financial Crime Advisory Consultancy firm. Tigran has a decade of AML compliance experience with a speciality in Blockchain, Defi, Cefi and Web3. With his experience he has overseen the design, implementation, and monitoring of financial crime mitigation management for many crypto & banking businesses worldwide. Tigran is passionate about Financial Crime Mitigation and is an active board member of the ACAMS Vancouver Chapter in Canada.](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2Ffegzy4pk%2Fproduction%2Fad5f765dc516ff0e30b0c75a47fd028db1bdf375-3915x2936.jpg&w=828&q=75)

### Tigran Rostomyan CCO

    * [X](https://twitter.com/tigransr)
    * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tigran-rostomyan-ckc-cph-cci-crc-cams-bsc-bcom-655b6950/)

Tigran Rostomyan, Chief Compliance Officer at Cube Group, Inc., is a seasoned
compliance professional with a solid track record in addressing financial
crime and advancing regulatory adherence within the blockchain and traditional
finance sectors.

As the Founder of AML Incubator; a Fractional Compliance Outsourcing and a
Financial Crime Advisory Consultancy firm. Tigran has a decade of AML
compliance experience with a speciality in Blockchain, Defi, Cefi and Web3.
With his experience he has overseen the design, implementation, and monitoring
of financial crime mitigation management for many crypto & banking businesses
worldwide. Tigran is passionate about Financial Crime Mitigation and is an
active board member of the ACAMS Vancouver Chapter in Canada.

  * ![Lynn Nguyen](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2Ffegzy4pk%2Fproduction%2Fc07c758a20efa9dfc4bdec1a27590a5034e07d14-3915x2936.jpg&w=828&q=75)

### Lynn Nguyen COO

    * [X](https://twitter.com/LynnWWins)
    * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lynnguyen1)

Lynn Nguyen is the Chief Operating Officer at Cube Group, Inc., an upcoming
and innovative hybrid digital asset exchange. With deep industry knowledge,
Lynn oversees operational functions and brings extensive expertise to the
company.

Lynn's early involvement in the crypto industry began as an early employee at
FalconX, contributing to building its infrastructure. With a notable valuation
of $4 billion in 2022, FalconX achieved remarkable success. Lynn's experience
also includes serving as Head of Settlements at FTX US, where they played a
key role in developing efficient solutions and nurturing strategic
relationships. Lynn holds a Master of Science in Finance and a Bachelor of
Science in Business Administration. Alongside their professional achievements,
Lynn actively contributes to the community as a Board Member for the Orphans'
Futures Alliance, showcasing their commitment to social impact.

Contact Information

401 N Morgan Street Suite 300Chicago IL60642

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

