Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Validium

d

Last edit: [@doutv(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/doutv), March 20,
2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is validium?
  * How do validiums interact with Ethereum?
    * Settlement
    * Security
  * How does validium work?
    * Transactions
    * State commitments
    * Deposits and withdrawals
    * Batch submission
    * Data availability
      * Data availability committee (DAC)
      * Bonded data availability
  * Volitions and validium
  * Validiums and EVM compatibility
  * How do validiums scale Ethereum?
    * 1\. Off-chain data storage
    * 2\. Recursive proofs
  * Pros and cons of validium
    * Use Validium/Volitions
  * Further reading

Validium is a [scaling solution](/en/developers/docs/scaling/) that enforces
integrity of transactions using validity proofs like [ZK-
rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/), but doesn’t store
transaction data on the Ethereum Mainnet. While off-chain data availability
introduces trade-offs, it can lead to massive improvements in scalability
(validiums can process [~9,000 transactions, or more, per second(opens in a
new tab)](https://blog.matter-labs.io/zkrollup-vs-validium-
starkex-5614e38bc263)).

## Prerequisites

You should have read and understood our page on [Ethereum
scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/) and [layer 2](/en/layer-2/).

## What is validium?

Validiums are scaling solutions that use off-chain data availability and
computation designed to improve throughput by processing transactions off the
Ethereum Mainnet. Like zero-knowledge rollups (ZK-rollups), validiums publish
_zero-knowledge proofs_ to verify off-chain transactions on Ethereum. This
prevents invalid state transitions and enhances the security guarantees of a
validium chain.

These "validity proofs" can come in the form of ZK-SNARKs (Zero-Knowledge
Succinct Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge) or ZK-STARKs (Zero-Knowledge
Scalable Transparent ARgument of Knowledge). More on [zero-knowledge
proofs(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.net/blog/blockchain-
explained/zero-knowledge-proofs-starks-vs-snarks/).

Funds belonging to validium users are controlled by a smart contract on
Ethereum. Validiums offer near-instant withdrawals, much like ZK-rollups do;
once the validity proof for a withdrawal request has been verified on Mainnet,
users can withdraw funds by providing [Merkle
proofs](/en/developers/tutorials/merkle-proofs-for-offline-data-integrity/).
The Merkle proof validates the inclusion of the user’s withdrawal transaction
in a verified transaction batch, allowing the on-chain contract to process the
withdrawal.

However, validium users can have their funds frozen and withdrawals
restricted. This can happen if data availability managers on the validium
chain withhold off-chain state data from users. Without access to transaction
data, users cannot compute the Merkle proof required to prove ownership of
funds and execute withdrawals.

This is the major difference between validiums and ZK-rollups—their positions
on the data availability spectrum. Both solutions approach data storage
differently, which has implications for security and trustlessness.

## How do validiums interact with Ethereum?

Validiums are scaling protocols built on top of the existing Ethereum chain.
Although it executes transactions off-chain, a validium chain is administered
by a collection of smart contracts deployed on Mainnet including:

  1. **Verifier contract** : The verifier contract verifies the validity of proofs submitted by the validium operator when making state updates. This includes validity proofs attesting to the correctness of off-chain transactions and data availability proofs verifying the existence of off-chain transaction data.

  2. **Main contract** : The main contract stores state commitments (Merkle roots) submitted by block producers and updates the validium's state once a validity proof is verified on-chain. This contract also processes deposits to and withdrawals from the validium chain.

Validiums also rely on the main Ethereum chain for the following:

### Settlement

Transactions executed on a validium cannot be fully confirmed until the parent
chain verifies their validity. All business conducted on a validium must
eventually be settled on Mainnet. The Ethereum blockchain also provides
"settlement guarantees" for validium users, meaning off-chain transactions
cannot be reversed or altered once committed to on-chain.

### Security

Ethereum, acting as a settlement layer, also guarantees the validity of state
transitions on validium. Off-chain transactions executed on the validium chain
are verified via a smart contract on the base Ethereum layer.

If the on-chain verifier contract deems the proof invalid, the transactions
are rejected. This means operators must satisfy validity conditions enforced
by the Ethereum protocol before updating the validium's state.

## How does validium work?

### Transactions

Users submit transactions to the operator, a node responsible for executing
transactions on the validium chain. Some validiums may use a sole operator to
execute the chain or rely on a [proof-of-stake
(PoS)](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) mechanism for rotating
operators.

The operator aggregates transactions into a batch and sends it to a proving
circuit for proving. The proving circuit accepts the transaction batch (and
other relevant data) as inputs and outputs a validity proof verifying that the
operations were performed correctly.

### State commitments

The state of the validium is hashed as a Merkle tree with the root stored in
the main contract on Ethereum. The Merkle root, also known as the state root,
acts as a cryptographic commitment to the current state of accounts and
balances on the validium.

To perform a state update, the operator must compute a new state root (after
executing transactions) and submit it to the on-chain contract. If the
validity proof checks out, the proposed state is accepted and the validium
switches to the new state root.

### Deposits and withdrawals

Users move funds from Ethereum to a validium by depositing ETH (or any ERC-
compatible token) in the on-chain contract. The contract relays the deposit
event to the validium off-chain, where the user's address is credited with an
amount equal to their deposit. The operator also includes this deposit
transaction in a new batch.

To move funds back to Mainnet, a validium user initiates a withdrawal
transaction and submits it to the operator who validates the withdrawal
request and includes it in a batch. The user's assets on the validium chain
are also destroyed before they can exit the system. Once the validity proof
associated with the batch is verified, the user can call the main contract to
withdraw the remainder of their initial deposit.

As an anti-censorship mechanism, the validium protocol allows users to
withdraw directly from the validium contract without going through the
operator. In this case, users need to provide a Merkle proof to the verifier
contract showing an account's inclusion in the state root. If the proof is
accepted, the user can call the main contract's withdrawal function to exit
their funds from the validium.

### Batch submission

After executing a batch of transactions, the operator submits the associated
validity proof to the verifier contract and proposes a new state root to the
main contract. If the proof is valid, the main contract updates the validium's
state and finalizes the results of transactions in the batch.

Unlike a ZK-rollup, block producers on a validium are not required to publish
transaction data for transaction batches (only block headers). This makes
validium a purely off-chain scaling protocol, as opposed to "hybrid" scaling
protocols (i.e., [layer 2](/en/layer-2/)) that publish state data on the main
Ethereum chain as `calldata`.

### Data availability

As mentioned, validiums utilize an off-chain data availability model, where
operators store all transaction data off Ethereum Mainnet. Validium's low on-
chain data footprint improves scalability (throughput isn't limited by
Ethereum's data processing capacity) and reduces user fees (the cost of
publishing `calldata` is lower).

Off-chain data availability, however, presents a problem: data necessary for
creating or verifying Merkle proofs may be unavailable. This means users may
be unable to withdraw funds from the on-chain contract if operators should act
maliciously.

Various validium solutions attempt to solve this problem by decentralizing the
storage of state data. This involves forcing block producers to send the
underlying data to "data availability managers" responsible for storing off-
chain data and making it available to users on request.

Data availability managers in validium attest to the availability of data for
off-chain transactions by signing every validium batch. These signatures
constitute a form of "availability proof" which the on-chain verifier contract
checks before approving state updates.

Validiums differ in their approach to data availability management. Some rely
on trusted parties to store state data, while others use randomly assigned
validators for the task.

#### Data availability committee (DAC)

To guarantee the availability of off-chain data, some validium solutions
appoint a group of trusted entities, collectively known as a data availability
committee (DAC), to store copies of the state and provide proof of data
availability. DACs are easier to implement and require less coordination since
membership is low.

However, users must trust the DAC to make the data available when needed
(e.g., for generating Merkle proofs). There's the possibility of members of
data availability committees [getting compromised by a malicious actor(opens
in a new tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/DD7GyItYQ02d0ax_X-UbWg?view) who can
then withhold off-chain data.

[More on data availability committees in validiums(opens in a new
tab)](https://medium.com/starkware/data-availability-e5564c416424).

#### Bonded data availability

Other validiums require participants charged with storing offline data to
stake (i.e., lock up) tokens in a smart contract before assuming their roles.
This stake serves as a “bond” to guarantee honest behavior among data
availability managers and reduces trust assumptions. If these participants
fail to prove data availability, the bond is slashed.

In a bonded data availability scheme, anyone can be assigned to hold off-chain
data once they provide the required stake. This expands the pool of eligible
data availability managers, reducing the centralization that affects data
availability committees (DACs). More importantly, this approach relies on
cryptoeconomic incentives to prevent malicious activity, which is considerably
more secure than appointing trusted parties to secure offline data in the
validium.

[More on bonded data availability in validiums(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.matter-labs.io/zkporter-a-breakthrough-in-l2-scaling-
ed5e48842fbf).

## Volitions and validium

Validiums offer many benefits but come with trade-offs (most notably, data
availability). But, as with many scaling solutions, validiums are suited to
specific use-cases—which is why volitions were created.

Volitions combine a ZK-rollup and validium chain and allow users to switch
between the two scaling solutions. With volitions, users can take advantage of
validium's off-chain data availability for certain transactions, while
retaining the freedom to switch to an on-chain data availability solution (ZK-
rollup) if needed. This essentially gives users the freedom to choose trade-
offs as dictated by their unique circumstances.

A decentralized exchange (DEX) may prefer using a validium’s scalable and
private infrastructure for high-value trades. It can also use a ZK-rollup for
users who want a ZK-rollup's higher security guarantees and trustlessness.

## Validiums and EVM compatibility

Like ZK-rollups, validiums are mostly suited to simple applications, such as
token swaps and payments. Supporting general computation and smart contract
execution among validiums is difficult to implement, given the considerable
overhead of proving [EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/) instructions in a zero-
knowledge proof circuit.

Some validium projects attempt to sidestep this problem by compiling EVM-
compatible languages (e.g., Solidity, Vyper) into creating custom bytecode
optimized for efficient proving. A drawback of this approach is that new zero-
knowledge proof-friendly VMs may not support important EVM opcodes, and
developers have to write directly in the high-level language for an optimal
experience. This creates even more problems: it forces developers to build
dapps with an entirely new development stack and breaks compatibility with
current Ethereum infrastructure.

Some teams, however, are attempting to optimize existing EVM opcodes for ZK-
proving circuits. This will result in the development of a zero-knowledge
Ethereum Virtual Machine (zkEVM), an EVM-compatible VM that produces proofs to
verify the correctness of program execution. With a zkEVM, validium chains can
execute smart contracts off-chain and submit validity proofs to verify an off-
chain computation (without having to re-execute it) on Ethereum.

[More on zkEVMs(opens in a new tab)](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/zkevm).

## How do validiums scale Ethereum?

### 1\. Off-chain data storage

Layer 2 scaling projects, such as optimistic rollups and ZK-rollups, trade the
infinite scalability of pure off-chain scaling protocols (e.g.,
[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)) for security by publishing some
transaction data on L1. But this means the scalability properties of rollups
is limited by data bandwidth on Ethereum Mainnet ([data
sharding](/en/roadmap/danksharding/) proposes to improve Ethereum's data
storage capacity for this reason).

Validiums achieve scalability by keeping all transaction data off-chain and
only post state commitments (and validity proofs) when relaying state updates
to the main Ethereum chain. The existence of validity proofs, however, gives
validiums higher security guarantees than other pure off-chain scaling
solutions, including Plasma and
[sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/). By reducing the amount
of data Ethereum has to process before validating off-chain transactions,
validium designs greatly extend throughput on Mainnet.

### 2\. Recursive proofs

A recursive proof is a validity proof that verifies the validity of other
proofs. These "proof of proofs" are generated by recursively aggregating
multiple proofs until one final proof verifying all previous proofs is
created. Recursive proofs scale blockchain processing speeds by increasing the
number of transactions that can be verified per validity proof.

Typically, each validity proof the validium operator submits to Ethereum for
verification validates the integrity of a single block. Whereas a single
recursive proof can be used to confirm the validity of several validium blocks
at the same time—this is possible since the proving circuit can recursively
aggregate several block proofs into one final proof. If the on-chain verifier
contract accepts the recursive proof, all the underlying blocks are finalized
immediately.

## Pros and cons of validium

Pros| Cons  
---|---  
Validity proofs enforce integrity of off-chain transactions and prevent
operators from finalizing invalid state updates.| Producing validity proofs
requires special hardware, which poses a centralization risk.  
Increases capital efficiency for users (no delays in withdrawing funds back to
Ethereum)| Limited support for general computation/smart contracts;
specialized languages required for development.  
Not vulnerable to certain economic attacks faced by fraud-proof based systems
in high-value applications.| High computational power required to generate ZK
proofs; not cost-effective for low throughput applications.  
Reduces gas fees for users by not posting calldata to Ethereum Mainnet.|
Slower subjective finality time (10-30 min to generate a ZK proof) but faster
to full finality because there is no dispute time delay.  
Suitable for specific use-cases, like trading or blockchain gaming that
prioritize transaction privacy and scalability.| Users can be prevented from
withdrawing funds since generating Merkle proofs of ownership requires off-
chain data to be available at all times.  
Off-chain data availability provides higher levels of throughput and increases
scalability.| Security model relies on trust assumptions and cryptoeconomic
incentives, unlike ZK-rollups, which purely rely on cryptographic security
mechanisms.  
  
### Use Validium/Volitions

Multiple projects provide implementations of Validium and volitions that you
can integrate into your dapps:

**StarkWare StarkEx** \- _StarkEx is an Ethereum Layer 2 (L2) scalability
solution that is based on validity proofs. It can operate in either ZK-Rollup
or Validium data-availability modes._

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.starkware.co/starkex-v4/starkex-deep-dive/data-availability-modes#validium)
  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://starkware.co/starkex/)

**Matter Labs zkPorter** \- _zkPorter is a Layer 2 scaling protocol tackling
data availability with a hybrid approach that combines the ideas of zkRollup
and sharding. It can support arbitrarily many shards, each with its own data
availability policy._

  * [Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.matter-labs.io/zkporter-a-breakthrough-in-l2-scaling-ed5e48842fbf)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.zksync.io/zk-stack/concepts/hyperchains-hyperscaling.html#logical-state-partitions-in-zk-porters)
  * [Website(opens in a new tab)](https://zksync.io/)

## Further reading

  * [Validium And The Layer 2 Two-By-Two — Issue No. 99(opens in a new tab)](https://www.buildblockchain.tech/newsletter/issues/no-99-validium-and-the-layer-2-two-by-two)
  * [ZK-rollups vs Validium(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.matter-labs.io/zkrollup-vs-validium-starkex-5614e38bc263)
  * [Volition and the Emerging Data Availability spectrum(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/starkware/volition-and-the-emerging-data-availability-spectrum-87e8bfa09bb)
  * [Rollups, Validiums, and Volitions: Learn About the Hottest Ethereum Scaling Solutions(opens in a new tab)](https://www.defipulse.com/blog/rollups-validiums-and-volitions-learn-about-the-hottest-ethereum-scaling-solutions)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/scaling/validium/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is validium?
    * How do validiums interact with Ethereum?
      * Settlement
      * Security
    * How does validium work?
      * Transactions
      * State commitments
      * Deposits and withdrawals
      * Batch submission
      * Data availability
        * Data availability committee (DAC)
        * Bonded data availability
    * Volitions and validium
    * Validiums and EVM compatibility
    * How do validiums scale Ethereum?
      * 1\. Off-chain data storage
      * 2\. Recursive proofs
    * Pros and cons of validium
      * Use Validium/Volitions
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Zero-knowledge proof

A zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic method that allows an individual to
prove that a statement is true without conveying any additional information.
[More on zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/).

