Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Navegando na Jornada do Cenário Financeiro do Brasil

# Brasil: **um hub de cripto em evolução?**

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/website-brochure-brazil-
pt-1000-07-1.png?x88149)

O Brasil, uma força líder em inovação de fintech, está se estabelecendo
rapidamente como um reduto de criptomoedas e ativos digitais. Descubra os
insights estratégicos que podem fortalecer seu envolvimento institucional.

Faça download agoraAssine nossos insights

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/website-brochure-brazil-
pt-1000-07-1.png?x88149)

## O que a revolução fintech do Brasil **pode ensinar ao mundo sobre ativos
digitais?**

O Brasil tem um lugar único na revolução das fintechs que subverteu e obrigou
as instituições financeiras tradicionais a se transformarem na última década.
No passado, uma das populações que menos utilizavam bancos entre os países do
BRICS, o Brasil evoluiu muito desde o surgimento de algumas das fintechs mais
inovadoras do mundo, como o Nubank. O sistema PIX, a famosa rede de pagamentos
em tempo real do Brasil, tem sido um catalizador da agenda de inclusão
financeira do país nos últimos dois anos e meio.

E agora, graças a uma poderosa combinação entre regulação progressista,
infraestrutura de mercado madura e cultura de inovação, o Brasil está
rapidamente se transformando em um forte hub não só para criptomoedas, mas
também para o ecossistema de ativos digitais em geral.  O Brasil oferece
várias lições que outros mercados podem emular para navegar a crescente onda
de adoção mainstream de ativos digitais.

Please allow cookies from Pardot to display this form.

Allow cookies

## **Brasil** : Um ecossistema único de ativos digitais

Saiba mais sobre o ecossistema de ativos digitais do Brasil

Please allow cookies from Pardot to display this form.

Allow cookies

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/the-functional-evolution-report-lp-07-640x640.png?x88149)

[Whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/category/whitepaper/)

March 22, 2024

### [The Functional Evolution of Digital
Assets](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/functional-evolution-digital-assets/
"The Functional Evolution of Digital Assets")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/dlt-lp_dlt-fb-1080-01-copy-640x640.png?x88149)

[Whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/category/whitepaper/)

February 20, 2024

### [How, when and where DLT and financial services
converge](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/dlt-from-pilots-to-applications/
"How, when and where DLT and financial services converge")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/website-brochure-brazil-06-650-640x640.png?x88149)

[Whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/category/whitepaper/)

November 1, 2023

### [Brazil: an evolving crypto
hub?](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/brazil-an-evolving-crypto-hub/
"Brazil: an evolving crypto hub?")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Brazil: A Unique Digital Asset
Ecosystem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 0:40•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

