![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/AhUvfvqAQxu6ebEBOZSlbvFNo.png)

[back](../blog)

Blogs

Solayer: restaking-secured app-networks on Solana

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/0a6jnfmrluSo78xFH2svkKwHigg.png)

Solayer Core

Apr 8, 2024

### TLDR: Solayer powers a network of systems secured through Solanaâs
economic security and execution.

##  
**Solanaâs premium vertical stack  **

Solana's Layer 1 architecture comes with advanced vertical scaling features
that were largely operational right from the start. This contrasts with other
ecosystems that are still in progress of adding similar capabilities through
improvement proposals.  
  

Namely â The SVM with its Sealevel runtime enables parallel processing. The
efficient and fast ordering of transactions is enabled by protocols like Gulf
Streaming and Proof of History, etc.

##  
**The shifting paradigm**

Weâre seeing a paradigm shift towards efficient distribution of workloads at
scale as Solana becomes mainstream.

  

The pioneers in distributed systems design in the internet era began with
vertical scaling, and eventually scaled-out as more people gained access to
the internet.

  

Originally AWS was tailored for its e-commerce platform scalability. However,
as it developed, it transitioned to a horizontal scaling model with services
like EC2, enabling virtual server clusters customizable by compute, storage,
and memory. Now, AWS hosts 3.2 million applications.

  

Similarly, app builders at scale want more TPS, less competition for
blockspace, lower fees, and the aggregate economics that their business
generates.  
  

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/0mYjBhMCmhHcuKnRtvFqgY5jyw.png)

## **What is Solayer   **

A network of app-chains extended natively by Solanaâs economic security and
execution.  
  

The internet â Solana

The cloud â Solayer

Web applications â SVN (Shared Validator Network)  
  

Solana as the internet layer provides how data, trust, and money travel.
Solayer leverages its economic security and premium execution as the
decentralized cloud infrastructure to enable higher degree of consensus and
blockspace customization for application developers.  
  

The out-of-box instance of a Solana SVN includes

  * Localized blockspace 

  * Localized transaction sequencing 

  * Localized state management 

  * Powered by Solana Virtual Machine   
  

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kyu7O8Xrs2ydgw4qL9yy6SN4qWI.png)

  
Without foregoing economic trust, the application-specific networks are
secured with out-of-box consensus through the restaked SOL and LST, and
eventually dual-staked assets.  
  

## **What do we envision in 10 years?  **

At Solayer, we envision solana becoming the backbone of future decentralized
networks and economy. We become the cloud infrastructure that enables scalable
and sophisticated applications towards wide adoption.

Our team is composed of seasoned builders and researchers in the distributed
systems, cryptography, security, and DeFi world. Weâve helped build many
industry's household names, and are excited to advance alongside and
contribute towards the Solana ecosystem.

We have a lot to release and showcase. Mainnet is coming sooner than you
think!

Subscribe to all things Solayer

[solayer](../)

Solayer leverages the economic principles of staking to extend the security of
Solana's base layer.

[](https://twitter.com/solayer_labs)[](https://discord.gg/solayerlabs)[](https://github.com/solayer-
labs)

[About](../about)

[Career](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/solayer-labs)

Contact us

[Community ](../community)

[Documentations](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Changelog](../changelog)

Â©2024 Solayer Â· All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](../privacy-policy)

[Terms & Condition](../terms&condition)

[solayer](../)

[Docs](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Blogs](../blog)

[Community](../community)

[About](../about)

