[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# DATA PROTECTION AND PRIVACY POLICY

January 2023

Jump Trading Group, including Jump Operations, LLC and its subsidiaries and
affiliates (collectively, “**Jump** ” or “**we** ”) respect the privacy of
Personal Data and are committed to protecting Personal Data.  This Data
Protection and Privacy Policy (this “**Policy** ”) describes the policies and
procedures Jump has implemented to protect Personal Data Processed by Jump in
accordance with applicable Data Protection Laws.  This Policy also describes
how Jump collects, uses, and discloses Personal Data from your interactions
with us, including when you visit Jump websites and other online platforms as
well as your privacy rights.  This Policy does not apply to the Personal Data
of Jump’s employees, contractors, or job applicants, which are subject to
separate data protection policies.

Jump has voluntarily opted to apply the protections and obligations outlined
in this Policy to all Data Subjects.  However, such protections and
obligations may be beyond the legal requirements of the jurisdiction of
certain Data Subjects.  Data Protection Laws vary widely across jurisdictions
and while Jump will strive to meet this Policy for all Data Subjects, the Data
Protection Laws for the Data Subject ultimately govern the protections
conferred in the specific jurisdiction applicable to that Data Subject.
Additionally, there may be certain rights applicable to you for which we may
provide separate notice informing you of your rights and how to adequately
exercise them.

### DEFINITIONS

“**Controller** ” means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency,
or other body that, independently or jointly with others, determines the
purpose and means of Processing Personal Data, as defined in Data Protection
Laws.  For purposes of applicable Data Protection Laws, the Controller of the
Personal Data Processing described below is Jump Operations, LLC and its
subsidiaries and affiliates, and with regard to certain Processes, Jump may
act as joint Controller with a third party.

“**Data Protection Laws** ” means privacy laws and regulations that apply to
Jump’s Processing of your Personal Data.  This primarily includes the
Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (GDPR), the Singapore Personal Data Protection Act
2012 (PDPA), the Chinese Cyber Security Law (the CS Law), the Chinese Personal
Information Protection Law (PIPL), and applicable state and federal privacy
laws in the United States, but may extend to other applicable privacy laws.

“**Data Subject** ” refers to you, as a natural person who can be identified,
directly or indirectly, by reference to your Personal Data.

“**Personal Data** ” means any information attributable to an identified or
identifiable natural person (a Data Subject), as defined in Data Protection
Laws.  Personal Data does not include data where the identity has been removed
(anonymous data).  Personal Data shall encompass Special Category Data.

“**Process** ” or “**Processing** ” or “**Processed** ” or “**Processes** ”
means, as applicable, any operation or set of operations performed upon
Personal Data, whether or not by automatic means, such as collecting,
recording, using, organizing, structuring, storing, adapting or altering,
retrieving, disclosing by transmission, disseminating or otherwise making
available, aligning or combining, restricting, erasing, or purging.

“**Processor** ” means a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or
other body that Processes Personal Data on behalf of a Controller, as defined
in Data Protection Laws.  A Processors’ activities are limited to the more
“technical” aspects of a Process and do not include the exercise of
professional judgment or significant decision-making in relation to Personal
Data.  Processors may include third party service providers, applications, or
agencies utilized by Jump in the course of business.

“**Special Category Data** ” (also known as “**Sensitive Personal Data** ”)
means Personal Data revealing racial or ethnic origin, criminal history,
political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation,
trade union membership, precise geolocation, or health, genetic, or biometric
data, or data pertaining to a child or minor.

### COLLECTION OF PERSONAL DATA

**a. Website Data**

Jump may collect your Personal Data on our websites.  The technologies we use
to track your movements around our websites may include cookies, tracking
scripts and pixels, or tagging technologies, which we may employ to understand
your preferences, improve your experience on our websites, etc.

Most internet browsers automatically accept cookies.  However, you can
configure your browser so that no cookies are stored on your end device or a
message always appears when you receive a new cookie.  Further information can
be found on
[http://www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/?ref=jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io).

Please note that disabling cookies may prevent you from using all the features
of our websites.

**b. Tracking Tools**

We use tracking tools, such as Google Analytics, which generate information
about your use of our websites.  Such information may include a navigation
path that you follow on our websites; how long you spend on our websites and
subpages; the subpage from which you leave our websites; the country, region,
or city from where you access our websites; returning or new visitor; and host
name of the accessing computer (IP address).

This information is transmitted to Google servers in the USA and stored there.
Such information is used to evaluate the use of our websites, compile reports
on Website activities, and provide other services associated with Website and
internet use.  Google may transfer such information to third parties where
required to do so by law, or where such third parties Process the information
on Google’s behalf.  For additional information, see Google’s Privacy Policy
at
[https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=US&hl=en](https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=US&hl=en&ref=jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io).

### USE OF PERSONAL DATA

Jump limits the Personal Data it collects to what is necessary.  Jump will
only use Personal Data when Data Protection Laws allow Jump to do so.
Personal Data shall be Processed in a manner that is adequate, relevant, and
not excessive in relation to the intended business purpose(s) of such
Processing.

Depending on the nature of Jump’s interactions with you, we may Process your
Personal Data for some or all of the following purposes:

• To respond to your questions and requests;  
• To provide you with access to certain areas and features of our websites;  
• For record keeping purposes;  
• Data Subject giving consent to the Processing of his or her Personal Data
for a specific purpose(s);  
• Processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the Data
Subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the Data Subject
prior to entering into a contract;  
• Processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Jump
is subject;  
• Processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the Data Subject
or of another natural person;  
• Processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued
by Jump or a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the
interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the Data Subject which require
protection of Personal Data;  
• For security and safety purposes, such as protecting against cyber threats;
detecting, investigating, or preventing fraud and other illegal activities;
and responding to legal and regulatory compliance obligations; and/or  
• For other lawful purposes disclosed at the time we collect your Personal
Data or otherwise with your consent.

Jump does not use automated decision-making in Processing Personal Data in a
way that will have a significant impact on you.

### SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA

Jump has executed appropriate documentation designed to protect the privacy
and fundamental rights and freedoms of Data Subjects and has taken appropriate
measures designed to ensure data protection during the sharing of Personal
Data.

**a. Third Parties**

Jump does not sell Personal Data to any third parties.  Jump may share
Personal Data with third parties such as service providers, software
applications, or agencies to Process (maintain, store, use) on Jump’s behalf
for recruiting and other business purposes.  Jump requires all such Processors
to take appropriate security measures to protect Personal Data in accordance
with Jump’s policies and to maintain adequate documentation.  Jump does not
allow Processors to Process Personal Data for their own purposes and only
permits them to Process Personal Data for specified purposes and in accordance
with Jump's instructions.  Please email datarequests@jumptrading.com for a
current list of third parties Processing Personal Data.

Jump may share Personal Data with third parties to Process on their own
behalf.  Such third parties will be considered joint-Controllers of such
Personal Data.  While joint-Controllers have shared discretion over the
purposes of Processing, all such Controllers agree to Process such shared
Personal Data in accordance with Data Protection Laws and shall restrict
Processing to the intended business purpose.

**b. Legal Purposes**

Jump may also share Personal Data about you if doing so is required or
permitted by applicable law, including (i) to comply with law enforcement or
national security requests and legal process, such as a court order or
subpoena; (ii) to protect the safety, rights, and property of Jump or other
persons; (iii) to enforce Jump’s policies and contracts; (iv) to collect
amounts owed to Jump; or (v) when disclosure is necessary or appropriate to
prevent financial loss or in connection with an investigation or prosecution
of suspected or actual illegal activity.

**c. Cross-Border Data Transfers**

Jump is a global company and may transfer Personal Data to Jump entities,
affiliates, and service providers located in such jurisdictions as the United
States, United Kingdom, European Union, Singapore, or other jurisdictions.
Not all jurisdictions provide the same level of protection as your country of
residence may provide.  However, Jump shall not transfer Personal Data to a
country or territory outside the jurisdiction in which it was Processed,
except in accordance with the requirements prescribed under Data Protection
Laws.  Jump may transfer or provide access to Personal Data across
jurisdictions and entities in accordance with its Data Protection Agreements
and Intercompany Agreements, which are aligned with Data Protection Laws.
Regarding transfers from the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom,
Jump has taken steps to provide an adequate level of protection for Personal
Data in accordance with Data Protection Laws.

### PRIVACY RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS

Depending on the applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations
where you are located, you may be entitled to exercise some or all of the
below Data Subject rights, as described herein.  In accordance with Data
Protection Laws and in certain circumstances, a Data Subject may possess the
right to:

•  _Request access_ to his or her Personal Data that Jump holds to check that
it is accurately and lawfully being Processed.  Specifically, in some
jurisdictions you may request confirmation that we Process your Personal Data
and ask for: (i) a portable copy of the specific pieces of your Personal Data;
(ii) a list of categories of Personal Data (and Sensitive Personal Data) we
have Processed about you; (iii) a list of categories of sources from which
such Personal Data was Processed; (iv) a list of categories of Personal Data
that we Processed or disclosed about you; (v) a list of categories of third
parties to whom the Personal Information was disclosed; (vi) the business
purpose for Processing your Personal Data; and/or (vii) details about the
logic involved in any automated decision-making processes used (if
applicable), as well as a description of the likely outcome of the process
with respect to you.

•  _Request correction_ of his or her Personal Data that Jump holds.  This
enables Data Subjects to have any incomplete or inaccurate Personal Data be
corrected, though Jump may need to verify the accuracy of any new Personal
Data provided.

•  _Request erasure (deletion)_ of his or her Personal Data.  This enables
Data Subjects to ask Jump to delete or remove Personal Data where there is no
legitimate purpose for the Processing of such Personal Data by Jump.  Jump may
not always be able to comply with the request of erasure for specific legal
reasons or other legitimate grounds, which will be notified to Data Subjects,
if applicable, at the time of the request.

•  _Object to Processing_ of his or her Personal Data where Jump is relying on
a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and he or she would like to
object to the Processing because it impacts his or her fundamental rights and
freedoms.

•  _Request restriction of Processing_ of his or her Personal Data.  This
enables Data Subjects to ask Jump to suspend Processing Personal Data in the
following scenarios: (a) establishing the accuracy of Personal Data; (b) where
Jump's use of Personal Data is unlawful, but there is no request of erasure;
(c) where a Data Subject needs Jump to hold Personal Data even if retention is
no longer required and it is needed to establish, exercise, or defend a legal
claim; or (d) a Data Subject objects to Jump's use of Personal Data, but Jump
needs to verify whether there are overriding legitimate grounds to use it.

•  _Request the transfer_ of his or her Personal Data.  Jump will provide to
Data Subject, or a third party, his or her Personal Data in a structured,
commonly used, machine-readable format. This right only applies to automated
information.

•  _Withdraw consent at any time_ where Jump is relying on consent to Process
Personal Data.  This will not affect the lawfulness of any Processing carried
out before consent is withdrawn.

•  _Sale/Behavioral Advertising opt-out._  We do not currently “sell” or
“share” the Personal Data that is subject to this Policy, as defined under
applicable Data Protection Laws.

•  _Opt-out of automated decision-making_.  You may request to opt-out of any
profiling or automated decision-making in furtherance of decisions that
produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you (if applicable).

•  _Be notified of a data breach_ involving a Data Subject's Personal Data.

To make a request, please send an email to datarequests@jumptrading.com or
call (312) 205-8900.  Jump shall accept and respond to, when applicable, any
requests through the appropriate channels from an eligible Data Subject to
exercise his or her rights and freedoms pursuant to Data Protection Laws.

Jump shall use reasonable means to verify the identity of the requester, based
on the nature and sensitivity of the request.

You may designate an agent to submit requests on your behalf using the same
methods described herein. When submitting a request, the agent must identify
itself as your authorized agent.

If a Data Subject exercises any of the above privacy rights, Jump will
continue to treat the Data Subject fairly and without discrimination.

You will not generally have to pay a fee to access your Personal Data or to
exercise any of the above rights.  However, Jump may charge a reasonable fee
if the request is clearly unfounded or excessive. Jump will try to respond to
all legitimate requests within thirty (30) days.  Occasionally, it may take
Jump longer if the request is particularly complex.  Alternatively, Jump may
refuse to comply with the request in certain circumstances.

Jump hopes that it will be able to address any Data Subjects concerns
regarding the Processing of Personal Data.  However, if you have any
unresolved concerns, you have the right to complain to the data protection
authority in your jurisdiction.

### ADDITIONAL CALIFORNIA PRIVACY DISCLOSURES

For purposes of California Data Protection Law, California residents should
note the following:

Jump may collect and use the following categories of Personal Data for the
business purposes described in this Policy: Identifiers; Personal Information
Categories Listed in the California Records Statute; Characteristics of
Protected Classifications under California or Federal Law; Commercial
Information; Internet or Other Network Activity Information; and Sensitive
Personal Information.  Jump may collect these categories of Personal Data from
certain sources, including directly from you, automatically from your
device(s), Jump affiliates, and service providers.

Jump may disclose these categories of Personal Data to the following
categories of third parties, as more fully described above: Jump affiliates,
service providers, and agencies or law enforcement for legal compliance
purposes.

Jump does not “sell” or “share” your Personal Data.  We do not sell or share
the Personal Data of consumers under 16 years of age.

Jump does not use or disclose Sensitive Personal Data for purposes other than
those specified under applicable California Data Protection Law.

### SECURITY MEASURES TAKEN TO PROTECT PERSONAL DATA

Jump has implemented appropriate elements of privacy by design in conjunction
with technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the security of
Personal Data from unauthorized or unlawful Processing.

In assessing the appropriate level of security as well as the risks of varying
likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of Data Subjects, Jump
assesses the risks presented by the Processing of Personal Data.  Such risks
may include, but are not limited to, any accidental, unlawful, or unauthorized
destruction, loss, disclosure, alteration, or access to Personal Data
Processed by or on behalf of Jump, or other factors that may impact Data
Subject rights and freedoms.  Jump shall make reasonable attempts to ensure
that any risks presented by the Processing of Personal Data are sufficiently
mitigated by technological and/or organizational controls, including limited
access of Personal Data utilizing access controls and password protections.
However, nobody can guarantee that data transmitted through or stored on the
Internet will be 100% secure all the time.

### RETENTION OF PERSONAL DATA

If Jump needs to Process your Personal Data for a purpose unrelated to those
listed above, Jump will, as required by applicable law, notify you and explain
the related legal basis for such Processing.  Jump will only retain your
Personal Data (including your Sensitive Personal Information) for as long as
is reasonably necessary for the purpose for which the Personal Data was
collected, or as legally required.  We will not hold or Process your Personal
Data for any longer than we are legally permitted to.  The criteria used to
determine the appropriate retention period includes:

• Regulatory requirements that we are subject to, including laws and
regulations related to tax, employment, accounting, and securities;  
• Whether a legal claim might be brought against us, for which the information
would be relevant;  
• The necessity of the information to provide our services, and whether other
information may suffice; and  
• The types and sensitivity of personal information being Processed.

### ACCOUNTABILITY AND GOVERNANCE

**a. Inventory**

For each Process, Jump shall maintain an inventory to capture the business
function, purpose of Processing, categories of Data Subjects, Personal Data
type, access, technical and organizational security measures, applicable Data
Protection Laws, Data Subject rights, source of Personal Data, the use of
automated decision-making, location of Personal Data, and whether a data
protection impact assessment was performed.  This Personal Data inventory
shall be reviewed on at least an annual basis and updated when new Processes
are implemented as well as provided to supervisory authorities upon request.

**b. Data Protection Impact Assessment**

Jump has completed a risk assessment for each Process to identify any
potentially high-risk areas to Data Subjects or the Processing of Personal
Data.  A Process may be classified as high risk as a result of the Processing
of (i) Special Category Data; (ii) a large volume of Personal Data; (iii)
Personal Data using automated processing or profiling; or (iv) Personal Data
using new internal technologies.  Controllers that engage in high-risk
Processing shall conduct data protection impact assessments (DPIAs) for such
Processes.  Jump has conducted a DPIA for each Process designated as high
risk.  Such DPIAs outline the measures taken to address each identified risk
to the rights and freedoms of Data Subjects and may be provided to supervisory
authorities upon request.

**c. Data Protection Officer**

Jump has designated Alex Davies as its Data Protection Officer (“DPO”).  In
his capacity as Jump’s DPO, Alex is responsible for informing and advising
Jump and its Personnel on its data protection obligations and overseeing firm-
wide compliance with Data Protection Laws.  The DPO shall aid in training all
personnel as needed, at least on an annual basis.  The DPO shall act as the
point of contact for and shall cooperate with supervisory authorities. Alex
can be contacted directly via email at adavies@jumptrading.com.

### THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SOCIAL MEDIA

Our websites may contain content and links to third party websites that are
not owned, operated, or controlled by Jump.  Jump is not responsible for the
privacy practices of or the content displayed on such third party websites.
When engaging with Jump’s content on or through a third party social
networking website, plug-in, or application, Jump may Process Personal Data
associated with your social media account.

### REVIEW AND UPDATES TO POLICY

Jump will review and may update this Policy to reflect changes to Jump’s
privacy practices or security measures as needed.  If a review is not
satisfactory, Jump will take immediate steps to remedy any noted deficiencies.
Please periodically review this Policy for the latest on Jump’s privacy
practices.  The use of our websites after any updates constitutes an
acknowledgement of having read and understood the Policy.

### CONTACT

Please contact Jump by email at datarequests@jumptrading.com should you have
any questions or comments about this Policy or your Personal Data.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/eb6d2994562972bdf43ee890baeb02ae/80e7e/lines.svg)![](/static/eb6d2994562972bdf43ee890baeb02ae/80e7e/lines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

