Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 30

# Forging the Future: Building bridges between capital markets and digital
assets

  *  __ March 24, 2022
  *  __39 min
  *  __Hosted by Adrien Treccani (CEO, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fforging-the-future-building-bridges-between-capital-markets-and-digital-assets-w-jean-marc-stenger%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fforging-the-future-building-bridges-between-capital-markets-and-digital-assets-w-jean-marc-stenger%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

### For this episode of [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/talks/), we were
joined by [Jean-Marc STENGER](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jean-marc-
stenger-89115040/), Chief Executive Officer at FORGE, a fully integrated
subsidiary of Société Générale Group focused exclusively on digital assets.

Jean-Marc has been with Société Générale since 2000, and has an active member
of the European blockchain ecosystem for many years.

Prior to help founding FORGE in order to expand Société Générale’s
capabilities in digital assets and digital capital markets, he was Chief
Investment Officer (and part of the founding team) at [Lyxor Asset
Management](https://www.lyxor.com/en), a specialized asset management company
which was in the meantime sold by Société Générale to Amundi Group.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:08:32]**   Ringfencing innovation at Tier 1 banks, or how to marry
compliance and trust with agility and independence.

**[00:14:33]  **What has been FORGE experimenting with, up until now? And
what’s in store for the future.

**[00:22:33]**   Learnings from interacting with DeFi protocols such as
MakerDao

**[00:34:56]**   How does a future where everything is tokenized look like and
what will FORGE’s role be in shaping this future?

_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:14] **Adrien:**  Welcome to the 30th episode of METACO Talks. Today,
we’re speaking with Jean-Marc Stenger, Chief Executive Officer at FORGE, a
subsidiary of Société Générale Group focused on bridging capital markets with
digital assets.

Jean-Marc, you are in industry now for over 20 years, I believe. You started
at Société Générale in 2000s, where you carved out to carry it in the
corporate and investment banking arm, before joining as part of the founding
team, the Lyxor Asset Management entity, which was managing at the time
roughly 137 billion. You were a founding member at the time and you specialize
in the company until you reached the Chief Investment Officer position. But
surprisingly, or maybe not surprisingly, you ended up moving to a small
internal startup at Société Générale, specialized in digital assets, in 2019,
and this is the FORGE entity.

Jean, it’s a pleasure to welcome you to this discussion. Thank you for
joining. My first question, and I have a long list here, is how did you make
this decision and why would you move from such an important role in an
important entity in Société Générale, into something which at the time, at the
least from what I’ve heard, was still perceived by a lot of bankers as a bit
of a scam or something, which would never bridge out?



[00:01:38] **Jean-Marc:**  Thank you to METACO for having me today. It’s a
real pleasure. Hello to everyone attending this webinar. It’s true, I’ve been
involved with Lyxor Asset Management and Société Générale for many years
before that. At the time I left Lyxor, I was already active in the investment
field and in this position for more than 10 years, probably even closer to 15
years. It was a long time to me, and I was anyway considering the next move.

The point is that at this very precise moment, I already had – and that was
also the case for a few years before that – numerous discussions with some of
my investors. Private banks or financial institutions were coming to us to
develop investment strategies on crypto assets, on cryptocurrencies. This was
really the moment I started to dig into these subjects. I’m a very curious
person. I get into the subject, trying to understand what were the potential
way of cryptocurrencies, and blockchain more generally, and what what’s new
that’s attached to that. I very quickly realized that this had the potential
to completely transform the way capital market could be operated tomorrow.

I saw that trying that within the framework of the Société Générale Group,
which is a group where there is a culture of entrepreneurship and innovation,
it’s strongly in the DNA of the Société Générale Group, it was probably a good
try. I gave myself six months. That’s the timeframe we needed to do our very
first security token issuance. At the time it was a covered bond we did. I’m
still there now, and it’s a bit more than six months now. It’s nearly four
years. I’m happy to continue this adventure.



[00:03:52] **Adrien:**  This is a really interesting migration, I would say,
from a very traditional business to a very entrepreneurial venture. The
question I have before I get into what you’re really doing there and what are
the pillars that you have technologically speaking, or in terms of market
opportunity, just a quick question regarding cryptocurrencies. When you
started at FORGE, did you consider or even try pushing a use case more related
to cryptocurrencies? Or did you see the opportunity immediately with
tokenization in the capital markets?



[00:04:29] **Jean-Marc:**  Very clearly, the focus at the time and it’s still
the case, is on securities. Since SG-FORGE, we are within the framework of the
Société Générale Group, it is really involved for its core business in capital
market activities and securities.

We thought that remaining in this field, which was probably the area where the
group had the most to bring at first before trying to diversify itself into
other activities or other assets, cryptocurrencies, we thought that was the
most natural way for us to engage into that, but also an area where we see the
potential for transformation as the highest and also where the strategic
nature for a group such as Société Générale to be involved in this field. The
way capital markets and securities could evolve tomorrow with blockchain is
also the most important. It was an alignment which we decided to focus on and
to be there, as we speak.



[00:05:40] **Adrien:**  How difficult was it to sell this story to Société
Générale? At METACO, we are facing banks all day long, and for some of them,
it took two or three years to get an alignment internally around something
related to blockchain. Was it easier for you? Maybe you had the right contacts
or the right levers to pull? How did it go?



[00:06:00] **Jean-Marc:**  To be honest, that’s a question which is often
raised to me. I think there is no single answer. It’s a mix of different
things. I could name first myself, like the other team members with whom we
started this, we are all coming from the business. We were all involved in
market operations, security services and different kinds of businesses, but
core businesses of the bank. Even if we had most of the time also a personal
interest into cryptocurrency, or even personal trading experience in
cryptocurrency, our job at the time was really on the, on the front side in
capital market activity.

We are coming with a client’s interest in mind and financial questions in
mind, not approaching the subject through the technology, and definitely not
falling in love with the technology in itself.



[00:07:05] **Adrien:**  There’s no problem falling in love with the
technology.



[00:07:08] **Jean-Marc:**  No, problem at all. It could even happen afterward.
That’s maybe number one. Number two, again I think it relates to also the
culture of the group. We had almost from the very first day access to the top
management of the bank, at CEO level, where we had the opportunity to explain
what was at stake, what we understood from the technology, where we could see
a strategic interest for the bank going there. Having a few hours of the time
of the top management to be able to explain that is of immense benefit in that
phase. It allowed us to get some understanding and to go beyond the
traditional stories you could find in newspaper at the time, for at least
those six months I was referring to, to try and demonstrate that we could
deliver something of interest for the bank, beyond the slides consultants,
which were floating to everyone at the time.

Then there’s the personal network each of us had within the bank, which
facilitated and are still facilitating some market operations that we are
doing today.



[00:08:32] **Adrien:**  One thing we observe also sometimes, when a new
initiative which is so ambitious emerges within a large corporation, in
particular within a large bank, is that even if you have management supports
it is very hard to have the agility that you need as a startup within the
monster to strive and to move at the right pace.

How did you manage to do it? Did you open an office in a garage and you had a
lot of red bull cans, and you work by yourself with techies and no contact
with the mother company? Or did you manage to keep contact with the bank,
leveraged the pros that they could bring, but in a way push back what could
potentially slow you down?



[00:09:12] **Jean-Marc:**  First and foremost, and this was very true from the
very beginning but still today, we only set a very short term and concrete
objectives to ourselves, things we explained to the management. It made them
each time baby steps, but very concrete ones, and very execution oriented, to
make sure that we do not construct a big catheter with long developments which
never happened, but also gives a lot of opportunities for different people
everywhere to unplug what you are doing. Short term, very concrete
deliverables. Then operating in an environment which is maybe not as rigid as
the rest of the more matrix operations, recognizing the lever of the bank, the
experiment or nature of what we were doing at first, and then setting the
right framework with the right risk limits with the right boundaries in what
we were allowed to do or not, and expanding these limits with time as you
convince through what we have delivered, is probably a good way to progress.

This led us two years ago to creating a dedicated subsidiary of the bank,
Société Générale – FORGE, to host this type of initiative in a more controlled
and regulated environment, because the Société Générale – FORGE did apply for
some licenses to the French regulator to be able to operate crypto services in
that field. But we’ll talk to that later. In a way, it makes everyone
comfortable, clients but also the bank and the regulator when we are proposing
to the market security transactions purely and only on a digital asset
registered on public blockchains.



[00:11:20] **Adrien:**  We are going to jump into the specific capabilities
and features that you are building, the ones that you already provide. Can you
tell us exactly what it is about? At the same time, answer the question of
whether your ultimate secret goal is to cannibalize the current custody
business of the bank.



[00:11:38] **Jean-Marc:**  At Société Générale – FORGE we are operating three
type of services. On the primary market, we help issuers to issue securities
as native digital assets, predominantly on public blockchain. It’s a
structuring and issuance service we provide to these clients. It’s mainly
financial institutions or cooperates, as we speak.

The second pillar for us are what we call liquidity solutions. It’s more of
secondary market solutions to transfer these securities with the same standard
as we know in traditional markets between different investors, but also
refinancing solutions and repost solutions, collateral management solutions
for these digital assets.

Pillar number three is a crypto custody, which is also an enabler for the
first two pillars. I should stress, because we often have the question, the
mandate we have as we speak is to avoid strictly in the field of security
token. We do not provide those services for cryptocurrencies, and notably when
it comes to crypto custody.

The second part of your question about cannibalizing some businesses, that’s
clearly also a question, but the stance the SG group has and that applies
across all our businesses is, as much as we can to be on the innovation front
and leading innovation in capital market, generally. If at some point we have
businesses and some operations, we do as of today and there are certain
formats, traditional custody for the subject which is discussed here, and
tomorrow we see opportunities in doing that another way through crypto
custody, we prefer to embrace those evolutions and to possibly lead that
rather than to wait and to suffer any external constraint for that.

We are conscious that there might be divergence at some point. But as of
today, we are partnering with our colleagues within the security services
field, security services is any way things we have to rely on to offer our tax
reporting, for instance, to our clients when it comes to their digital assets.
It is more collaborating and trying to adapt our security services, and for
our security service to be able to offer crypto custody services to our
clients rather than organizing internal competition between two entities of
the SG group.



[00:14:33] **Adrien:**  It’s perfectly reasonable. You’ve mentioned before
that you have decided to target public blockchains. This is quite daring. I
would say that many banks have not made these steps just yet. But you’ve moved
one step further, which is to work with decentralized finance, to at least
experiment. I don’t know if it is productive or in experiments, you would
share this with us, but are you alone on the market doing it? How did you
manage to get this working both technically and from a governance point of
view?



[00:15:02] **Jean-Marc:**  On the first part, working on public blockchain,
this relates most to a very strong conviction we had with the initial team
with whom I started this journey, which was again digging into a blockchain
from an intellectual perspective. At first, I think it was an eye-opener at
some point, with this conviction that the revolution in capital market could
only come with public blockchain technology. Often we do this parallel between
internet and intranet, public blockchain being the internet and private
blockchain being a network like another but more like the intranet
communication space. New businesses, new business models, and the internet
revolution came with the internet. I strongly believe this will be exactly the
same for blockchain technology.

Coming back to my initial story about the very first days of a Société
Générale – FORGE, the deal we had with the top management of the bank for the
first six months was to go as far as we could in terms of technology and
regulation, and working backward to capture the maximum benefit that could be
achieved using blockchain technology to get real KPIs, to know if all these
stories and all these transformations would be worse going through. The first
pilot transaction we did with the covered bond, issued in 2018, proved to be a
success and comforted us in this conviction. Later on, last year, when we
decided to study, apply and develop some refinancing and collateral management
solution for digital assets, leveraging developments or solutions which are
available in the crypto industry through DeFi solution, appear very
interesting and very promising to us in terms of the benefits it could bring
both to the bank and its clients for collateral management, refinancing and so
on.

We are agnostic to the technology and this solution, we are just looking at
this as bankers and keeping in mind what interests our clients, speaking a lot
with our clients as well, either on the issuer side or the investor side. If
all this can be managed and developed in full compliance with regulation and
internal rules which are apply to us, bringing clear value addition to the
client or the bank, we remain agnostic and are happy to make these kinds of
moves.



[00:18:10] **Adrien:**  Can I ask you to be a bit more specific about how DeFi
is helping you in this transaction? What is it doing? Is it just using a basic
smart contract, or is there real business value out of it? What does it bring,
concretely?



[00:18:26] **Jean-Marc:**  I can answer by giving a few reference points when
it comes to, for instance, collateral management. If you take a traditional
security, which has to flow through various intermediaries and being handled
in a central depository at some point, when you have a financing which is
secured with such a security as collateral, and you want to adjust the
collateral level based on some market stress test and changing values and
changes in risk management parameters, you have a full chain of operations to
conduct. Sometime you have some legal doc to adjust. At the end of the day you
have operating teams, different middle offices, sometimes in between three
institutions: collateral management agent, the lender, and the borrower. They
have to adjust themselves on the same parameter, to at the end of the day move
one security from one account to another and make sure that the level of
collateral remains appropriate in front of the amount you would ever lend.

If I take the example of the OSH token, the covered bond, the very first one
we issued in 2018, that is operations we did within Société Générale – FORGE
very regrettably. It takes everything as just described; it takes between
three days to one week to adjust the level of collateral. Even under normal
market conditions, or as you can imagine under stressed market condition,
let’s say four days in average to move or to adjust the collateral is a really
long time. All the inefficiencies, plus under really stressed market
condition, probably some risks that what you would have written in a paper
somewhere in the contract is not effectively implemented through the chain. If
you create a digital security which sits on the blockchain, full digital, and
you wrap the security into a second layer of smart contract, which would
entail or embed the terms of the collateral agreement, and you give enough
autonomy to this second layer of smart contract to execute itself because this
is in itself a contract signed in between the borrower and the lender, you can
have self-execution of the collateral adjustment, the margin code.

Levels in which we are with the DeFi solutions we are experimenting today at
SG FORGE, mean that this collateral adjustment could occur nearly every 30
minutes. You move from four days to 30-minute collateral adjustment. What does
it mean for the client? Because of these inefficiencies, because of this delay
in adjusting the collateral, all market transactions today are structured with
what we call the Nova characterization. You post more than what is strictly
needed for the transaction, to absorb as a buffer this delay and potential
stress test. You will not be able to operate. This translates in more
collateral being frozen for the same amount of financing. If you move that on
chain, you reduce by your very significant amount this overcollateralization,
which means for the client more money for the same level of collateral.

I can dig further. There are many other benefits in terms of risk parameters
and even financial terms. More money for a better price for the client. That’s
typically what we are trying to achieve with these type of solutions, again,
keeping full compliance with the regulations and the risk rules we have in the
banking industry.



[00:22:33] **Adrien:**  This is really impressive. Do you see other aspects
where DeFi may help in the future? Maybe not today, maybe which would require
a compliance or regulatory clarity, but do you see other forms of smart
contract interactions which could benefit what you’re building today?



[00:22:50] **Jean-Marc:**  Clearly. We all know this is a long journey, but
we’re starting to see it among financial institutions. I think the level of
maturity has really increased over the last two months, two years among
financial institutions, banks are in this field. Yes, clearly we can see many
other benefits. I could name a for instance, market making liquidity
solutions, clearing netting. Those are operations which are necessary to
financial markets, and which need to be performed in a very efficient and
secure way to ensure the security and the integrity of the market
transactions, but also just the service to client, which are sometime still
quite inefficient in the way they are performed today. For some of them, they
are very expensive and very long.

If everyone moves, some market participants move to this type of solution, we
can definitely achieve great things for clients and for the banking industry
as a whole.



[00:24:01] **Adrien:**  Makes perfect sense. Can you tell us a bit more about
how you are training also to standardize the market from a technology point of
view? I know you have, for instance defined these CAST frameworks, ESG
framework. Can I position this question in the context of the many initiatives
that are popping up on the market also by small startups, which are trying to
get to emerge in this field? How do you see that you are going to be able to
define a framework which is going to be used also outside of Société Générale
– FORGE?



[00:24:33] **Jean-Marc:**  First, I should have mentioned that in the journey
we are making it Société Générale and Société Générale – FORGE, since the
beginning, the very first day, we are only working on the basis of real market
transactions. No POC, no technical pilots or things like that. Only true
market transactions, because you need to really intricate legal client demand,
financial structuring, and technology. If you miss one of these sediments, you
may miss something big in the middle. Only a real market transaction, and of
increasing complexity.

Going through that journey, it appeared to us very quickly that we needed a
common language to talk with our clients, with the issuers, with the journey
managers who are involved in such transactions. If I take the example of the
European Investment Bank digital bond issuance we performed last year, we
helped the EIB to issue 100 million Euro unsecured bond on the public Ethereum
network. This transaction has been settled using CBDC, a central bank digital
currency, that Banque de France issued also on the Ethereum public network for
one day. It was an intraday trade.

When you perform such a transaction, you need to speak the same language
between the journey managers. Goldman Sachs, Banque Santander security token
and Société Générale were involved for placing this bond to clients. Clients
here were mostly asset managers, European asset managers. These asset managers
needed to be able to digest the security token into their existing IT systems,
because no one wants to spend 1 million euros to do IT developments client by
client to be able to integrate in their own IT system a new token coming to
the market. You need a common standard; you need a common language.

That’s all the story behind CAST, which stands for Compliant Architecture for
Security Tokens. It’s an operating standard. It’s not that much a technical
standout, but it’s a common language. It’s business rules which are needed for
financial institutions and their clients, and sometimes also the regulatory,
just to know or to perform a transaction on the primary market, on the
secondary market, on any market transaction, based on blockchain technology.

You cannot just do a copy-paste of the rule books we have within each bank to
perform a transaction. When you go to the blockchain, going to DLT at the end
of the day is to make things quicker, cheaper, simpler, and sometime to
shortcut some operations we have, sometimes to remove some operators we have
in the traditional market infrastructure. You cannot just do a copy-paste
transaction.

People tend to fault it, but when you sit on the trading floor, when you sit
in a structuring team, whatever the bank, everyone knows without explaining
how a transaction works. You start by step one, then you go to step two, and
so on. When you go to blockchain, it’s not exactly the same. Beyond technical
standards, beyond data format which need to be agreed, you also need these new
kinds of rule books to perform a transaction. That’s what we put with time,
transaction after transaction into CAST. It is an open source framework, open
source standard. Everyone can use it.

We are already seeing many other financial institutions using this framework,
because it needs to be shared. No one has an interest to keep it private.
Everyone has an interest to make it as broad as possible and to enrich it with
time. Once you have an enrichment, and that’s very common in the crypto
industry but not that much in the financial industry, there are clearly
benefits of sharing these best practices across the board.



[00:29:02] **Adrien:**  Is this framework very France specific, or is it a
jurisdiction independent? Would it apply in North America, for instance, or
only in Europe? How would you qualify it in terms of universality?



[00:29:13] **Jean-Marc:**  It’s really mainly business rules. It’s agnostic to
the technology first. It applies whatever the blockchain you are you’re
considering. But it’s also agnostic to the regulatory framework under which
you are operating, which is also a key element, because building blockchain
transactions and CAST, one of the main reason why clients are coming to this
technology without making a too long discretion is because blockchains do also
offer them a truly global market infrastructure. The ability to access global
liquidity pools, to place or to sell a financial instrument anywhere in the
world, and on the other one we are one, investors from everywhere to invest in
that. All this to say that it’s a necessary global market infrastructure, so
it needs to be applicable from everywhere in the world, whatever the
jurisdiction. We know every country will probably have its own interpretation,
its own rules when it comes to legal frameworks, distribution constraints, and
so on and so forth.

But the financial industry needs to remain global and interoperable from
everywhere in the world. That’s why we built this framework this way.



[00:30:44] **Adrien:**  Excellent. One thing I wonder; I don’t know if it’s a
tough question but I will try it. You mentioned that you use today Ethereum as
a public blockchain, and as may some of the participants in this call may
know, when you execute a transaction on the Ethereum on blockchain you have to
pay fees. These fees are cryptocurrencies, denominated. It’s ether. I’ve faced
a few banks that were annoyed because they wanted to be able to operate tokens
and tokenize not being exposed at all to cryptocurrencies. How are you dealing
with this? Are you externalizing, or are you allowed to touch cryptocurrencies
for these smaller amounts? What is the strategy?



[00:31:25] **Jean-Marc:**  I’m very aware of these difficulties. As we are
concerned, we indeed own Ethereum and we pay a gas fee with that. We went
through lengthy discussions with the regulator and our own risk management
teams to understand and to decide how we would do that. But the way we
approached the question was to make sure we are using crypto on which we have
full traceability, to make sure they were clean enough. But in my view, that’s
a first way to address that. I think sensibility of regulators and risk
managers on that will be less stringent going forward.

But as we speak, we do that. We also make sure with broadcasting the
transactions on the blockchain, that we have the appropriate or at least the
transparency enough in the way the block is mined, and which mine does that,
and so on and so forth. Also, for some transactions which are very sensitive
to this criteria, we are using another blockchain where you can control the
environment a bit better. But for all these questions, and I could name some
models, each time we have found appropriate solutions to address the concerns
either from the regulators or the law firms which have been appointed by our
clients to check these operations, or own risks constraints that we had.

But this is all part of what you have to build to be able to operate security
transactions on public blockchain. You need to deal with gas. You have to make
sure the network is handling your security the right way. But you also have to
make sure you have a proper continuity plan in place, in case of a fork in
your security. You need to make sure that your KYC and AML criteria are met at
any time for such token, including on the secondary market when you issue a
security as a native security on the blockchain, as we do. It’s sold from one
investor to another. The security tokens we are creating at Société Générale
are true security tokens in the sense that we do not copy-paste the security
we would have issued on the traditional market infrastructure onto the
blockchain. With the services we are offering to our clients, once the
security has been issued on the public blockchain, this is the only security
which exists, and it’s the full security and the entire security to grab the
benefits of full digitalization. This means you have to ensure that KYC, AML
is fully enforceable, but you will also have to ensure that potential sanction
and embargo procedures are fully enforceable on public blockchain, and so on
and so forth.

That’s where you start digging into a more complex questions that you need to
tackle one by one to offer this type of services to your clients.



[00:34:56] **Adrien:**  You mentioned before Banque de France and the ECB. How
do you see CBDC today? Is it something which will become a reality? Do you
think it may materialize as a private form of stable coin like we see with
USDC or Tether issued by private companies? How do you think it can impact
your operations and potentially improve on some of the inefficiencies that
you’re facing today?



[00:35:21] **Jean-Marc:**  As you know, many central banks are engaged through
concrete developments, or at least experiment on the CBDC question.

First, we see a very strong need from the market and our clients for such a
CBDC, very clearly. There’s also a lot of international competition on that
front, on currencies. There’s also the competition coming from the private
sector. You mentioned stable coin on that front. For the dynamic we are
seeing, and as you may know as well we are ourselves involved for quite some
time now in CBDC experiments with some central banks. You named Banque de
France, but there others as well. We are witnessing this trend, and we’re also
witnessing increased level of maturity these central banks are gaining in the
field. All the experiments are moving from the one to another, exploring
different fields each time.

I strongly believe that we will have a CBDC one day, sooner rather than later.
Definitely sooner than most of the people may think. The ECB, for instance,
already made multiple times announcement that they will start the first
digital Euro prototype as early as next year, with the goal potentially to
deliver a true digital Euro by 2025. It’s pretty short term when you think
about it, especially when you consider the impact it could have on the
financial market, but also on cross border payments, on retail payments.
Again, the needs are there; either for what we call wholesale CBDC, meaning
CBDC which will apply for large cash transactions especially within the
banking sector; but also for retail CBDC, small payments are clearly needed
there as well.

Quite confident that this will occur, and that we will see very innovative
developments coming in the few years ahead of us on that front.



[00:37:40] **Adrien:**  A last question for you. As you probably see on the
markets, several banks are today trying to build or succeeding in building
tokenization infrastructure and crypto infrastructure. Do you see them as
competition, or is there more a collaboration angle to it where potentially
multiple banks can reach the same standard then leverage the client that they
already have? Would you be open to collaborate with other banks doing
something relatively similar?



[00:38:04] **Jean-Marc:**  Clearly today we are in a co-opetition mode, I
would say. I mentioned the EIB (European Investment Bank) transaction before.
That was clearly the case. We need to collaborate among banks first, because
the banking industry and financial sector is all about interoperability.
Tomorrow, a security that we issued from a client with Société Générale –
FORGE will need to be probably custodied into another bank’s custody service.
We need interoperability. For that, there is no better way than working
together on real projects. Then at some point when there will be a more
maturity, competition will come again.

My only guess there that we’ll probably see less players on a global basis at
this scale, than what we have today. Already today, even without speaking
about blockchain and DLTs and so on, there is already a very strong need and
sometime incentive from some regulators for more banking consolidation on a
global basis. We already see that today. I think blockchain and DLT creating a
truly global financial market, either for security or cash, will accelerate
this need or this trend for consolidations.



[00:39:38] **Adrien:**  Thank you very much for this discussion. It’s
fascinating. I hope we have a chance to follow up on this maybe on METACO
Talks.

Thank you also all for attending. I hope you enjoyed this session, and that
you will join us over the next episodes in a couple of weeks. Have a great
week!



[00:39:52] **Jean-Marc:**  Thank you. Bye-bye.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Forging the Future: Building bridges between capital markets and digital
assets [METACO TALKS #30]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYApk8bNz88)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYApk8bNz88&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 44:25•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYApk8bNz88 "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYApk8bNz88), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

