[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ introducing ... ](/blog/introducing-puffer-finance-in-3-minutes-or-so)

#  Introducing Puffer Finance in 3 Minutes or So

27 May 2024

5 min read

Puffer

EigenLayer

PufferFinance

5 min read

Article content

How Does Puffer Work?

Operators in Puffer

Everstake and Puffer

Further Reading

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

[Puffer](https://www.puffer.fi/) is a decentralized native Liquid Restaking
Protocol (nLRP) built on EigenLayer. It simplifies native restaking on
EigenLayer, making it easier for anyone to participate as an Ethereum
validator and earn rewards from Ethereum staking and EigenLayer AVSs
restaking. In addition to boosting Ethereum’s scalability and security, Puffer
also protects validators from slashing on a technological level. As of May 9,
2024, its mainnet is fully functional.

This article provides key insights into Puffer’s operation and architecture
and describes Everstake’s role in its ecosystem.

## How Does Puffer Work?

Puffer has its own token,
[pufETH](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/pufeth/), which users get in
exchange for staked [ETH](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/ethereum/),
[stETH](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/steth/), and
[wstETH](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/lido-finance-wsteth/). This
token has the basic LST functionality of representing a stake and also accrues
rewards for additional restaking activities, dramatically elevating the
potential yields for its users.

Puffer is a permissionless ecosystem where anyone with 2 ETH can run a
validator, significantly lowering the entry barrier compared to Ethereum. This
open access, combined with Puffer's anti-slashing technology (which can
further reduce the collateral requirement to 1 ETH), makes it an attractive
option for node operators.

All those factors probably explain why TVL in Puffer
[exceeded](https://defillama.com/protocol/puffer-finance#information) $1.7
billion at the time of writing. The project also received major financing from
cryptocurrency industry leaders like Binance Labs, Brevan Howard Digital,
Electric Capital, Coinbase Ventures, and others.

![image1 \(29\)](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/6c3bb8a9-017e-46a9-9c0f-abc8fe3812ce.webp)

SOURCE: [TVL in Puffer Finance as of May 21, 2024, data courtesy of
DefiLlama](https://defillama.com/protocol/puffer-finance#information)

Other principal advantages of Puffer include an intuitive interface and a
suite of detailed guides and support channels to help users in their restaking
activities.

## Operators in Puffer

There are two kinds of operators in Puffer: node operators (NoOps) and
restaking node operators (ReOps), both of which are crucial to the ecosystem’s
proper functioning and performance.

NoOps are central to Puffer. Their job is to run validators participating in
Ethereum’s consensus that validate transactions and blocks. Notably, Puffer’s
permissionless architecture makes the entry threshold for aspiring node
operators much lower than it is in Ethereum: it takes less than 2 ETH to run a
node in Puffer, which is noticeably cheaper than the 32 ETH required for ETH
validators.

Node operators utilizing Puffer's anti-slasher technology can further reduce
the collateral requirement to 1 ETH. Additionally, Puffer's anti-slashing
technology mitigates risks for validators compared to those on Ethereum.

Restaking node operators have a different purpose: to maximize the yield of
staked assets. Once NoOps have done their job, ReOps work in restaking
strategies aimed at maximizing the resulting rewards. On top of the revenues
brought about by PoS rewards, this creates a dual stream of yields, which
constitutes one of Puffer's biggest advantages compared to many other
solutions in the same area.

## Everstake and Puffer

Puffer’s architecture implies that the funds are not staked with a single
operator but are evenly distributed among every one of them. This massively
enhances the potential yields as rewards accrue every time any single operator
earns a [validator ticket](https://docs.puffer.fi/protocol/validator-tickets)
(ERC-20 tokens minted by ETH deposits that grant the holder the right to run a
staker-funded Ethereum validator for a day).

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/da43b30e-235d-454f-b0c2-21181ce7ae9d.webp)

SOURCE: [The principal diagram of Puffer’s operation, source:
Puffer](https://docs.puffer.fi/)

The resulting scheme creates incentives both for validators and stakers and,
aside from generating additional yields, provides a new layer of resilience to
the broader Ethereum ecosystem.

Everstake is happy to partner with Puffer as one of its Restaking Operators.
We are confident that our extensive expertise in Ethereum validation, combined
with Puffer’s novel approach to staking and restaking, can benefit all ETH
community members.

Together, we can make the entire Ethereum ecosystem stronger and more
attractive to broader audiences across the world.

## Further Reading

  * [Detailed description of Puffer operation](https://docs.puffer.fi/)
  * [The role of ReOps in Puffer](https://jumpy-scorpio-4c3.notion.site/RNO-onboarding-manual-b167965fd42c432189e295bd5ac561ef)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

