[ ![Decimated](images/logo.png) ](https://decimated.net)

  * [ About ](https://decimated.net/about)
  * [ Gallery ](https://decimated.net/gallery)
  * [ Updates ](https://decimated.net/updates)
  * [ BUY DIO ](https://raydium.io/swap/?inputCurrency=Es9vMFrzaCERmJfrF4H2FYD4KCoNkY11McCe8BenwNYB&outputCurrency=BiDB55p4G3n1fGhwKFpxsokBMqgctL4qnZpDH1bVQxMD&fixed=in)
  * [ Marketplace ](https://decimated.myspreadshop.com/)
  * [ Staking ](https://staking.decimated.net/)
  * [ Team ](https://decimated.net/team)
  * [ Jobs ](https://decimated.net/jobs)
  * [ Support ](https://decimated.zendesk.com/hc/en-us)
  * [ Contact ](https://decimated.net/contact)

#

A persistent online survival game  
in a post apocalyptic world

[ ADD TO WISHLIST  Add to wishlistAdd to wishlistAdd to wishlistAdd to
wishlistAdd to wishlist](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/decimated-de8da4)

  * [ Epic Store   
game page  ](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/decimated-de8da4)

  * [ Discord  
Community  ](https://discord.gg/decimated)

  * [ Buy   
DIO  ](/updates/where-to-buy-dio)

  * [ Follow  
on twitter  ](https://twitter.com/decimated_game)

## What is Decimated?

A post-apocalyptic survival game with elements of cyberpunk.

Fight against or team up with other players, scavenge loot, transport cargo or
VIP’s to other locations, collect legal or illegal resources and trade them,
hunt legendary creatures, capture territory and build safehouses for their
gang.

[ join now  join nowjoin nowjoin nowjoin nowjoin
now](https://discord.com/invite/decimated)

  * ![](images/content/awward.svg) Winner - Best Game, Kiev Games Conference 2019 
  * ![](images/content/awward.svg) Finalist Best Game Pitch, Global Games Pitch 2021 
  * ![](images/content/awward.svg) Winner - Best Game, Global Games Pitch 2022 

Scavenge supplies and compete against other players in a fight for survival

## Backstory

Earth has been abandoned after hundreds of years of destructive climate
change, and catastrophic neglect of the environment by corporations and
industries.

Political and social unrest has left the old cities decimated and hostile to
life. Civilization has collapsed and destroyed itself, yet a cyborg police
force still wields control over the wastelands.  

The unworthy who were left behind – criminals, rebels, political dissidents
and the poor – scavenge in the forgotten cities of Earth, which have become
overgrown with jungle, flooded by swamps, swallowed by sand and frozen by ice.  

Pollution and technological debris litter the environment, and survivors have
set up shelter in destroyed skyscrapers, laboratories, abandoned metros and
crumbling freeways. The cops enforce a totalitarian authority even after
society is in ruin, forcing humans to live in the wastelands.  

Players can choose to play PvP or PvE by salvaging resources, technology and
digital currency, repairing vehicles, building bases, fortifying shelters,
collecting bounties, ambushing, looting or trading in this hostile post-
apocalyptic environment.  

Earth has been abandoned after hundreds of years of destructive climate
change, and catastrophic neglect of the environment by corporations and
industries.

Political and social unrest has left the old cities decimated and hostile to
life. Civilization has collapsed and destroyed itself, yet a cyborg police
force still wields control over the wastelands.  

The unworthy who were left behind – criminals, rebels, political dissidents
and the poor – scavenge in the forgotten cities of Earth, which have become
overgrown with jungle, flooded by swamps, swallowed by sand and frozen by ice.  

Pollution and technological debris litter the environment, and survivors have
set up shelter in destroyed skyscrapers, laboratories, abandoned metros and
crumbling freeways. The cops enforce a totalitarian authority even after
society is in ruin, forcing humans to live in the wastelands.  

Players can choose to play PvP or PvE by salvaging resources, technology and
digital currency, repairing vehicles, building bases, fortifying shelters,
collecting bounties, ambushing, looting or trading in this hostile post-
apocalyptic environment.  

Earth has been abandoned after hundreds of years of destructive climate
change, and catastrophic neglect of the environment by corporations and
industries.

Political and social unrest has left the old cities decimated and hostile to
life. Civilization has collapsed and destroyed itself, yet a cyborg police
force still wields control over the wastelands.  

The unworthy who were left behind – criminals, rebels, political dissidents
and the poor – scavenge in the forgotten cities of Earth, which have become
overgrown with jungle, flooded by swamps, swallowed by sand and frozen by ice.  

Pollution and technological debris litter the environment, and survivors have
set up shelter in destroyed skyscrapers, laboratories, abandoned metros and
crumbling freeways. The cops enforce a totalitarian authority even after
society is in ruin, forcing humans to live in the wastelands.  

Players can choose to play PvP or PvE by salvaging resources, technology and
digital currency, repairing vehicles, building bases, fortifying shelters,
collecting bounties, ambushing, looting or trading in this hostile post-
apocalyptic environment.  

1 / 5

  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035156.png) 3rd person survival RPG 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035201.png) Variety of roles and classes 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035249.png) PvP & PvE Gameplay 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035293.png) Dystopian cyberpunk world 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035320.png) Combat and salvage missions 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035353.png) Character Augmentations 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035378.png) Wide range of weapons 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035420.png) Huge selection of vehicles 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035443.png) Player‑owned apartments 
  * ![](https://elasticbeanstalk-eu-west-1-211574402297.s3.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/features/1659035466.png) Built in Unreal 5 

## Choose your role

Hacker

Hackers are proficient at breaching doors, security systems, and augmentations
as well as accessing encrypted data.

They can completely take over and control their victim for a short period of
time through the use of hacking tech and remote access.

Medic

Endowed with cutting-edge Vanlith augmented hands, medics are capable of
conducting surgeries of any complexity right on the battlefield.

Medical Taki-Hano backpacks allow them to transport any necessary medications
or supplies into combat.

Mercenary

Masters of a wide range of rifles and assault weapons as well as utility
grenades, and can carry out sophisticated and timely eliminations anywhere.

Paired with Vanlith Exploration Helmet with 25x zoom and AI assistant will
ensure optimal enemy detection.

Marauder

Advanced Taki-Hano scanning gloves enable these specialists to quickly
evaluate any casualty's possessions.

Their Vanlith Jetpacks provide a competitive advantage and unrivaled mobility,
allowing them to infiltrate the combat zone and secure the cargo without
getting caught.

Mechanic

Adoption of Taki-Hano core processors enables mechanics to operate repair
drones that can reliably fix practically anything, from vehicles to personal
equipment.

With a simple glance, bespoke Vanlith goggles allow for rapid and accurate
diagnostics of any malfunctioning mechanisms.

Cyborg Cop

Equipped with energy shields that offer exceptional defense against even the
most well-equipped assailants.

Tasers and handcuffs are widely used by assault squads to restrain suspects.
When paired with direct access to heavy combat weaponry and defense systems,
no crime goes unpunished.

Sniper

Utilizes state-of-the-art long-range combat augmentations and remote
surveillance drones.

No stranger to adopting leaked top-secret Vanlith stealth tech, such as belts
that are already available on the black market that allow the wearer to be
temporarily invisible.

Bounty Hunter

Capable of gaining access to surveillance networks, drones, and criminal
databases to easily identify targets even in a crowd.

Bounty hunters often prefer to incapacitate the target in order to obtain a
higher reward.

  * 60079+ 

Twitter Followers

  * 23788+ 

Discord Community

  * 21032+ 

Wishlists

  * 21019+ 

Subscribers

## Marketplace

Coming Soon

Coming Soon

Coming Soon

Coming Soon

Subscribe

![](images/content/f-logo-1.png) ![](images/content/f-logo-2.png)
![](images/content/f-logo-3.png)

[ ](https://discord.com/invite/decimated) [
](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1354980/Decimated/) [
](https://t.me/decimatedofficial) [ ](https://twitter.com/decimated_game) [
](https://www.twitch.tv/decimatedofficial) [
](https://www.instagram.com/decimated_game) [
](https://www.youtube.com/c/DecimatedVideogame) [
](https://www.reddit.com/r/decimated_game/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/DecimatedOfficial/)

[ support@decimated.zendesk.com ](mailto:support@decimated.zendesk.com)

House of Francis, Room 303, Ile Du Port, Mahe, Seychelles

Fracture Labs © All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](https://decimated.net/privacy)

Website developed by [ ADN Agency ](https://adn.agency/)

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We’ll assume you’re ok
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.  
[Privacy&Cookies Policy](https://decimated.net/privacy)

Accept  AcceptAcceptAcceptAcceptAccept

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=82ade787-e471-4384-86ed-
ec2c47bacf32&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=1f16b7d6-2d9d-4b2c-b8d6-144980019770&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fdecimated.net%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o8fa8&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=82ade787-e471-4384-86ed-
ec2c47bacf32&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=1f16b7d6-2d9d-4b2c-b8d6-144980019770&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fdecimated.net%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o8fa8&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

