[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZS13ZWIzLXdhbGxldC1hcmMyMC1pbnRlZ3JhdGlvbi10YXByb290LWFuZC1vdGhlci1lbmhhbmNlZC1mZWF0dXJlcy01ODk3Njk4NjA4ODYxMTg4NTQwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZS13ZWIzLXdhbGxldC1hcmMyMC1pbnRlZ3JhdGlvbi10YXByb290LWFuZC1vdGhlci1lbmhhbmNlZC1mZWF0dXJlcy01ODk3Njk4NjA4ODYxMTg4NTQwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Web3 Wallet: ARC-20 Integration, Taproot, and Other Enhanced
Features

2024-05-02

## Main Takeaways

  * New [_Binance Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) enhancements include both ARC-20 and Taproot support, thereby broadening Inscriptions offerings, and improving Bitcoin address functionality.

  * Extensive network integrations and the addition of 35 new DApps have expanded the wallet’s reach and functionality, providing a wider range of Web3 services.

  * Other updates include a redesigned Discover page to help navigation within the wallet.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240502/f96932b3-5732-4611-9d51-b4fcd9f27554)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may
not be available in your region._

Welcome to the latest enhancements to the [_Binance Web3
Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet). Recent updates include the
significant addition of ARC-20 tokens to the Binance Inscriptions Marketplace,
Taproot support for Bitcoin addresses, and several new network integrations —
all designed to broaden the functionality and reach of your wallet.

These upgrades will further streamline your interactions with the
decentralized web, making the Binance Web3 Wallet an even more robust tool for
all your digital asset needs. Read on as we explore these developments in more
detail.

## 1\. ARC-20 Integration

We’re excited to announce the addition of ARC-20 tokens to the [_Binance
Inscriptions Marketplace_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/binance-
inscriptions-marketplace-trade-mint-brc20-and-evm-tokens-in-your-
web3-wallet-3851294983628323395) , now the third supported standard alongside
BRC-20 and EVM tokens. ARC-20 is a token standard that makes it possible to
create fungible tokens that can be held and transferred on the Bitcoin
blockchain.

[_ARC-20 tokens_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-manage-
arc-20-assets-in-my-binance-web3-wallet-ad9acd5f17ad40c6b9d6fa68b953b201) use
the Atomicals Protocol on Bitcoin, leveraging native satoshis and the Unspent
Transaction Output (UTXO) system, crucial for tracking transactions. In the
UTXO model, transactions start with unspent outputs that become inputs for new
ones. Once used, these inputs are marked as “spent”, generating new UTXOs.
This cycle provides a transparent and secure record of ownership and
transaction history. The incorporation of the UTXO system into ARC-20 enhances
security and clarity, distinguishing its asset tracking and management
capabilities across Bitcoin-compatible addresses.

### Zero-Fee Trading Promotion

To celebrate this new integration, we’re offering [_zero-fee trading on ARC-20
tokens_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-integrates-
arc-20-tokens-on-inscriptions-marketplace-enjoy-zero-fee-trading-on-
arc-20-tokens-now-3c20f8b856964e3db614de1ac86812c3) until June 2, 2024. This
is designed to welcome new users and provide additional value to our existing
community by lowering the cost of trading these new tokens. Log in to your
Binance App, navigate to [Wallets] > [Web3] > [Markets], and select
[Inscriptions] to begin trading ARC-20 tokens at no cost!

## 2\. Taproot Support

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240502/1b145407-3834-4809-9e7b-bedf3cd2692c)

Another enhancement to the Binance Web3 Wallet comes with the integration of
support for Taproot. Users can now seamlessly switch between [_Taproot and
Native SegWit_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-set-my-binance-
web3-wallet-s-default-address-taproot-native-
segwit-45446c548fc94a9e818d6ff5caf3037d) addresses. This update enhances the
management of your BTC wallets, streamlining operations and providing more
options for users.

**Brief Introduction to Taproot:** Implemented in 2021,
[_Taproot_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-taproot-and-how-
it-will-benefit-bitcoin) is a technical upgrade for the Bitcoin network. It
aims to improve Bitcoin’s scripts to increase privacy, efficiency, and the
network’s ability to process smart contracts.

**Setting Up Taproot** : To activate Taproot, log into the Binance app,
navigate to the Web3 Wallet, tap [More] > [Networks], find [Bitcoin], and set
your preferred address type as the default. This customization enhances your
wallet’s functionality and enables you to dictate your preference for Taproot
or not.

## 3\. Network Integrations

We’re continually enhancing the functionality of the [_Binance Web3
Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) by integrating a diverse range
of blockchain technologies. Our latest updates include the addition of several
new networks, each chosen to expand the capabilities and reach of our wallet,
catering to the varied needs of our users.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240502/11a18238-deaa-4109-a12d-e8f23e291f91)

Here are the newest network integrations:

**B² Network:** a Bitcoin Layer 2 network (EVM-compatible rollup) designed to
expand the Bitcoin ecosystem.

**Base:** an Ethereum Layer 2 (L2) chain that offers a safe, low-cost,
developer-friendly way to build on-chain.

**BEVM:** a decentralized EVM-compatible Bitcoin Layer 2 based on Taproot, and
using BTC as gas.

[_**Blast**_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-
web3-wallet-completes-integration-of-blast-
network-08092477a1b2472885fdd6722cc55520)**:** an Ethereum L2 solution
providing native yield for ETH and stablecoins.

**Linea:** a zkEVM rollup developed by Consensys that seeks to enhance
Ethereum’s scalability with faster throughput and lower transaction costs.

[_**Solana**_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-
web3-wallet-completes-integration-of-solana-
network-4193f1d593d541a18e766c5f4c46831d) : A blockchain platform, launched in
2020 by Solana Labs, which uses a proof-of-stake mechanism to provide smart
contract functionality.

**Sui** : a Layer 1 that wants to make digital asset ownership fast, private,
secure, and accessible. Founded by former members of Meta’s blockchain team.

**Tron** : a decentralized blockchain-based operating system developed by the
Tron Foundation and launched in 2017.

**zkLink Nova:** Through zk-SNARKs and multi-rollup state synchronization,
zkLink Nova aggregates assets, DApps, and users dispersed across Ethereum
Layer 2s.

These additions enhance the diversity and utility of the Binance Web3 Wallet,
providing users with broader access to different blockchain networks, and
ensuring they can manage their digital assets with greater ease and
flexibility.

## 4\. Discover Page Revamp

To improve navigation and user experience within the [_Binance Web3
Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) , we have revamped the
Discover page. This redesign is aimed at making the exploration of different
Web3 services and features more intuitive and accessible. The new Discover
page is organized into three focused tabs:

**Recommended Tab:** Includes a new section where users can explore the latest
trends and most relevant decentralized applications (DApps) in the Web3 space.

**DApps Tab** : Allows users to search for specific DApps or browse by
category, streamlining the discovery process. This tab is particularly useful
for users looking for specific functionalities, such as trading platforms or
gaming DApps.

**Airdrops Tab:** This tab is designed specifically to showcase both current
and past airdrop campaigns. It serves as an essential resource for users eager
to discover new tokens. Additionally, users can conveniently view their
history of received rewards, enhancing their ability to track benefits and
participation.

The newly designed Discover page not only enhances the usability of the
Binance Web3 Wallet, but also ensures that users can quickly tap into the
latest trends and opportunities in Web3. This redesign makes it easier for
users to explore and seize the most compelling features and services as they
emerge.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240502/0f9cd1c2-376e-4e2b-beb5-168bf46deaa7)

## 5\. Increased DApp Accessibility

We’ve significantly expanded user access to the decentralized web by
integrating [_35 new decentralized
applications_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-
completes-integration-of-35-new-dapps-on-binance-web3-wallet-
march-2024-a5de437a88854f5c96100fd53d8b17a9) (DApps) into the Binance Web3
Wallet. This update enriches access to the Web3 ecosystem, allowing users to
tap into a wider range of blockchain-based services directly through their
wallet.

The newly added DApps include:

  * Aevo; Ambient Finance; BAC Games; bevm.io/brdige; Blast Off; Blaster Swap; Celluar; CryptoMaze; Cyber8Ball; Ethena; ether.fi; FBPAY; Jumper.Exchange; Kinza; LayerSwap; LifeForm; Link3; Lista DAO; MonoSwap; Mute.io; OmniBTC; Particle; Puffer.fi; Satori Perp; Satoshi Protocol; Syclub; SyncSwap; SynFutures; Thena Finance; Ulti-pilot; Whales.Market; XY Finance; Zerolend; zkSwap Finance; Zorro.

Users can easily access these new DApps by navigating to the Discover section
of their Binance Web3 Wallet, tapping on [Wallets] > [Web3] > [Discover] >
[DApps]. The addition of these DApps not only enhances the functionality of
the Web3 Wallet, but also opens up an avenue for users to engage with the
wider blockchain ecosystem, providing a gateway to a world of new experiences.

## Enhancing Your Web3 Wallet Experience

As you can see from this update, we’ve significantly enhanced the [_Binance
Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) with key features like
ARC-20 integration, Taproot support, and expanded network integrations, among
others. We encourage you to explore these updates and see how they transform
your interactions within Web3. Your
[_feedback_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry) is
crucial as we strive to refine our services to better suit your needs. Let’s
continue to innovate and expand the possibilities within Web3 together.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Introducing Binance Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/introducing-binance-web3-wallet-5931309459106555347)

  * [ _Binance Web3 Wallet Levels Up_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-web3-wallet-levels-up-inscriptions-marketplace-erc404-support--more-711943634081466404)

  * [ _Binance Inscriptions Marketplace: Trade, Mint BRC-20 and EVM Tokens_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/binance-inscriptions-marketplace-trade-mint-brc20-and-evm-tokens-in-your-web3-wallet-3851294983628323395)

**Disclaimer** : _Binance Web3 Wallet is an optional product. It is your
responsibility to determine if this product is suitable for you. Binance is
not responsible for your access or use of third-party applications (including
functionality embedded within the Binance Web3 Wallet) and shall have no
liability whatsoever in connection with your use of such third-party
applications, including, without limitation, any transactions you dispute.
Please carefully review the_[ __Binance Web3 Wallet Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/defiwallet/term-of-use) _and always do your
own research._

195,017,248 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Web3 Wallet: ARC-20 Integration, Taproot, and Other Enhanced Features

Main Takeaways

1\. ARC-20 Integration

2\. Taproot Support

3\. Network Integrations

4\. Discover Page Revamp

5\. Increased DApp Accessibility

Enhancing Your Web3 Wallet Experience

Further Reading

195,017,248 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

