[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ how to stake... ](/blog/how-to-stake-eth-with-stader-labs-and-everstake)

#  How to Stake ETH with Stader Labs and Everstake

09 May 2024

7 min read

ETH

Ethereum

Stader

Staking Guide

7 min read

Article content

What is Stader Labs?

What is ETHx?

How to Stake ETH with Stader

Explore DeFi opportunities

What is a minimum staking period?

Conclusion

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Ethereum 2.0 has opened a new world of opportunities for generating passive
income, driven by the introduction of staking and liquid staking solutions.
Stader Labs is among the most prominent platforms offering users security,
profitability, and simplicity. This guide will explore how to utilize Stader
Labs with Everstake to maximize your staking rewards.

## What is Stader Labs?

[Stader](https://www.staderlabs.com) is a non-custodial, smart contract-driven
staking platform that facilitates easy discovery and utilization of staking
solutions. It is an essential staking middleware infrastructure for various
Proof-of-Stake (PoS) networks, catering to retail cryptocurrency users,
exchanges, and custodians. To learn more about Stader Labs, including a
complete review, check out this [overview
article](https://everstake.one/blog/what-is-stader-labs-complete-review-2024).

## What is ETHx?

[ETHx](https://ethx.co/), Stader Labs' liquid staking token, represents the
value of staked ETH and the accumulated rewards over time. It provides
liquidity to users staking through Stader, allowing them to retain access to
their staked value while earning staking rewards. With ETHx, users can trade,
hold, or invest in [DeFi
applications](https://www.investopedia.com/decentralized-finance-defi-5113835)
while their ETH continues to generate rewards, offering flexibility and
convenience. Now let's dive into the details of ETH staking with Stader.

## How to Stake ETH with Stader

This guide will walk you through the steps of staking ETH with Stader. Note
the important details to consider.

### Step 1. Start staking

Go to the official [Stader website](https://www.staderlabs.com/), and click
**Stake now.**

![image5 \(9\)](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/02655e8b-cb44-4417-adbc-f3a68376c2d3.webp)

###  Step 2. Choose ETH

Choose ETH from available networks, and click **Stake now** once again.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/8cd857d9-17f5-49df-b8fc-7bc916eea59c.webp)

### Step 3. Connect your wallet

  * Click **Connect wallet** in the upper right corner of the page, accept terms of service and connect your preferred wallet from the list of available options. 

You can connect MetaMask, Coinbase, OKX, Rabby, Math, SafePal, Trust, Coin98,
Bitget, Exodus, Coinhub, Nabox, Frontier and Imtoken wallets directly or use
WalletConnect for even more options. Check the full list of [Ethereum
wallets](https://explorer.walletconnect.com/?type=wallet&chains=eip155%3A1)
supported by WalletConnect.

  * Approve the connection in your wallet.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/e575b430-b176-4f76-9dc7-abc27cb7d125.webp)

### Step 4. Choose the amount

  * **Enter the amount of ETH you would like to stake.  **

You can start liquid staking with small amounts of ETH without having to
generate verification keys. But for solo staking, the minimum deposit is 32
ETH, which is required to run a validator node on the Ethereum network.

With ETHx, the threshold for users to begin staking is remarkably low,
allowing you to start with an investment as minimal as $1.

  * **Check Gas Fees.  **

In some instances, $10 worth of gas is needed to make a $1 transaction. Be
aware of Ethereum's gas fees before initiating transactions. High gas fees can
significantly reduce your net returns from staking.

  * **Check the amount of ETHx you will receive and click Stake ETH**

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/be7b9642-9d22-4b90-a6f1-f46c6616bcef.webp)

###  Step 5. Confirm the transaction

Confirm the transaction in your wallet and wait for it to be processed.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/3dba4a35-a1d6-46e8-b2c4-e1a87ab73dd5.webp)

Once your transaction is confirmed on the Ethereum blockchain, your ETHx
balance will appear in the Stader app. Done!

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/7b839973-846c-4a1d-9bd5-3ba7f629cf7f.webp)

## Explore DeFi opportunities

ETHx is Staderlabs’ flagship liquid staking token, allowing you to navigate
the world of liquid staking effectively. ETHx has 100M+ in TVL, along with
205+ node operators. With ETHx's 10+ integrations, you can explore the endless
possibilities of DeFi. ETHx has a multi-pool architecture, including
permissionless and permissioned pools, with DVT soon to be added.

To explore DeFi opportunities, go to the **DeFi** section.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/1ec15824-0acc-4ab6-b24c-bf60d6e2185a.webp)

## What is a minimum staking period?

There is no minimum staking period for Ethereum 2.0. Users can stake and
unstake immediately. However, stakers staking their ETH with Stader will
receive rewards from Day 1 (subsidized by Stader).

Therefore, you can withdraw your ETH from staking at any time. The unstaked
ETH will not be immediately added to your wallet as there is an unstaking
period of 7-10 days, subject to entry and exit queues on the Ethereum network.

## Conclusion

Do you want to maximize passive income while supporting the Ethereum network's
security and growth? Then consider staking ETH through Stader Labs and
Everstake. With Stader's secure and user-friendly platform, you can easily
stake any amount of ETH while maintaining liquidity through their ETHx liquid
staking token. This offers flexibility, enabling you to earn rewards while
accessing various DeFi opportunities.

[Everstake](https://everstake.one) ensures your safety as a trusted validator,
helping you navigate staking seamlessly. Happy staking and we'll see you in
the next guides!

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

