[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vMzAtbmV3LXVzZXJzLW5ldy1zb2NpYWxmaS1hbmQtd2ViMy1wcm9kdWN0cy1zdHJvbmdlci1jb21wbGlhbmNlLWJpbmFuY2VzLXllYXJlbmQtcmVwb3J0LWlzLWhlcmUtNTQ1NzA2NTA3MTQxNDQ1NDUyMz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vMzAtbmV3LXVzZXJzLW5ldy1zb2NpYWxmaS1hbmQtd2ViMy1wcm9kdWN0cy1zdHJvbmdlci1jb21wbGlhbmNlLWJpbmFuY2VzLXllYXJlbmQtcmVwb3J0LWlzLWhlcmUtNTQ1NzA2NTA3MTQxNDQ1NDUyMz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# 30% New Users, New SocialFi And Web3 Products, Stronger Compliance:
Binance’s Year-End Report is Here

2023-12-28

## Main Takeaways

  *  _State of The Blockchain: Binance’s 2023 in Review,_ our year-end report situating Binance’s key numbers and narratives of the year within the wider industry context, is now out.

  * In 2023, Binance saw an increase of 30% in new users, growing its offerings and expanding the accessibility of Web3 products with a focus on user experience.

  * The year also saw Binance reach a historical resolution with U.S. regulators, which helped us create the comprehensive compliance program we have today and become a compliance-led organization ready to lead the digital asset industry into its new era.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231228/628ed088-ac0f-4731-b69b-429313614f61.png)

The year 2023 has been a tumultuous one for crypto. Yet, even during the long
periods of recovery, the building of valuable products and robust
infrastructure in the Web3 space never stopped. We arrived at the end of this
calendar year a stronger industry than we have ever been, having built a
powerful momentum on the path to the mass adoption of digital assets.

As the industry leader, Binance has experienced the same headwinds and wins as
the digital asset ecosystem at large, being influenced by – and often setting
and helping to shape – some of the key trends that defined blockchain and
crypto in 2023. From the rise of SocialFi to the burgeoning adoption of crypto
payments, from the increased focus on compliance to the growing accessibility
of Web3 products, Binance led the way, working hard to meet emerging user
needs and build trust in digital assets globally.

In 2023, we welcomed more than 40 million new users, nearly a 30% increase
from the end of last year, as well as saw steady growth in our key services,
and introduced new products and features built for the next era of blockchain.
We remained true to our core value – always putting our users first – and
significantly strengthened our compliance program.

Our year-end report, _State of The Blockchain: Binance’s 2023 in Review_ ,
consolidates the key facts, stats, and narratives that describe the year’s
dynamics for Binance and the larger digital asset industry. Access it [_in
full here (in
English)_](https://public.bnbstatic.com/reports/2023_EOY_Report.pdf) , or read
on for key highlights and numbers.

## The People-Centric Web

The ultimate promise of blockchain and Web3 is to empower individuals through
a more decentralized and user-centric online experience. Given Binance’s focus
on delivering maximum value to its users, it is unsurprising that the world’s
leading digital asset ecosystem continued to see strong growth in user
registrations and wide adoption of its services geared toward real-world use
cases and making Web3 more accessible.

By the end of 2023, Binance reached the mark of 170M registered users,
offering 431 assets available for trading across 1785 trading pairs. This
year, there’s been tremendous growth in our services related to crypto
payments, P2P trading, and earning. The number of people actively using
Binance Pay grew by 70%, served by over 3,500 new Pay merchants and partners
globally who now accept crypto in exchange for goods and services.

Our P2P platform, which now supports 970 payment methods and 112 fiat
currencies, processed 18% more trades than last year, and served 39% more
users. Binance Earn also went from strength to strength, now supporting 362
assets across its Simple Earn suite of products. In 2023, it served 35% more
users than the year before, increasing the total value locked in its products
by 16.8%.

Responding to the industry-wide demand for a more compelling Web3 social
experience, Binance Feed evolved into Binance Square, a platform designed to
be a gateway into the universe of Web3 content. Over the past year, Binance
Square went from 1,200 to 11,000 creators and from under 700K to 1.6M active
daily users.

## Security and Compliance

In 2023, reaching [_settlements with U.S.
regulators_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-announcement-
reaching-resolution-with-us-regulators-2904832835382364558) , we took
responsibility for our past conduct and opened a new chapter in Binance’s
history. We’ve gone through a leadership change, emerging as an even stronger
organization. The scrutiny has helped create the comprehensive compliance
program we have today.

We continued to invest in our compliance technology, processes, and talent,
spending $213M in 2023, up 35% from the previous year’s $158M. As of the end
of the year, we hold licenses, registrations, and authorizations in 18
jurisdictions around the world – more than ever before.

Ramping up our collaboration with global crime fighters to tackle illicit
activity involving digital assets, we responded to 58,000 law enforcement
requests this year, held 120 training sessions to share expertise with law
enforcement agents, and supported the authorities in solving a number of high-
profile cases that resulted in criminals and terrorists getting arrested,
billions in ill-gotten funds seized, and international criminal networks
dismantled.

To further ensure the safety of our users, we perfected our platform security
measures and ran a series of security-focused educational campaigns. At the
end of the year, the value of our SAFU fund, designed to protect users in the
case of emergencies, stood at $1.2B.

Binance’s proof-of-reserves (POR) system increased the number of supported
assets from 9 in 2022 to 31 in 2023, allowing anyone to ensure that we always
back user assets at a 1:1 ratio, plus additional reserves.

## Making Web3 Accessible

In 2023, product and user experience improvements across decentralized finance
(DeFi), blockchain gaming, and SocialFi attracted new users into the universe
of Web3 applications.

Responding to the demand for accessible and user-friendly gateways to the
decentralized Web, we launched [_Binance Web3
Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/introducing-binance-
web3-wallet-5931309459106555347) – a self-custodial wallet integrated directly
into the Binance app, allowing users to manage their crypto funds, execute
token swaps across multiple chains, earn yields, and interact with a variety
of blockchain platforms. In just a few weeks, Binance users have created
millions of Web3 wallets.

While our numbers look strong this year, it is something impossible to
quantify that we consider our greatest achievement: maintaining the trust of
our growing community, which is fundamental to our mission of advancing the
freedom of money globally. In 2023, users came first for Binance – and they
always will.

## Further Reading

  * [ _State of The Blockchain: Binance’s 2023 in Review_](https://public.bnbstatic.com/reports/2023_EOY_Report.pdf)

  * [A Letter From Our CEO: 2023, the Year of Embracing Change While Remaining Committed to Users](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/from-our-ceo-2023-the-year-of-embracing-change-while-remaining-committed-to-users-1976950881342473554)

  * [ _Revisit Your #2023withBinance_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/revisit-your-2023withbinance-760695398825348822)

194,967,578 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

30% New Users, New SocialFi And Web3 Products, Stronger Compliance: Binance’s
Year-End Report is Here

Main Takeaways

The People-Centric Web

Security and Compliance

Making Web3 Accessible

Further Reading

194,967,578 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

