[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=header_earn_earn&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvZWFybi9hdXRvLWludmVzdA%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=header_earn_earn&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvZWFybi9hdXRvLWludmVzdA%3D%3D)

header-setting-theme-color-title

header-setting-theme-color-traditional

header-setting-theme-color-cvd

[](/en-GB/earn)Overview

[](/en-GB/earn/simple-earn)

Simple Earn

[](/en-GB/earn/high-yield)

High Yield

[](/en-GB/earn/auto-invest)Auto-Invest

# Auto-Invest

Auto-Invest

All Cryptos

Portfolios

Index

Product

Historical ROI

## FAQ

1. What is Auto-Invest?

Auto-Invest allows you to automate crypto purchases. It is a dollar-cost
averaging (DCA) strategy. You can choose the cryptocurrencies you want to
purchase on a regular basis.

You can choose to create a [Single Token] plan for a single cryptocurrency, or
create a [Portfolio] plan to buy multiple cryptocurrencies in one portfolio.
Additionally, you can create an [Index-Linked plan] if the service is offered
to you in your local jurisdictions, find out more below at What is the Auto-
Invest Index-Linked Plan?

In some jurisdictions, your purchased BNB will be automatically deposited into
BNB Vault, and the other crypto purchased will be deposited to your Simple
Earn Flexible Products account.

2. What cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and fiat currencies are offered on Auto-Invest?

For the full set of cryptocurrencies, stablecoins and fiat currencies
supported, explore our products or visit our [official FAQ](/en-
GB/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-and-how-to-use-
it-3dd41bc1d4ea4879863ffbf2211a17fe).

3. How does Auto-Invest work?

Step 1 - Choose the crypto you want to buy or a [Multi Assets] purchase.

Step 2 - Choose how much you want to buy and select your preferred payment
method - stablecoins, fiat currencies or cryptos that are allowed for
subscriptions.

Step 3 - Select a Payment Order. You can also choose to enable the [Simple
Earn Wallet] option. Once enabled, if your Spot Wallet balance is
insufficient, the system will automatically redeem the assets from your
balance in Simple Earn Flexible Products to complete the purchase.

Step 4 - Select a Recurring cycle on how often you want to buy crypto or One-
Time purchase.

Step 5 - Invest

4. What is the difference between a Recurring vs One-Time transaction?

One-Time purchase: Allows you to subscribe to a cryptocurrency, portfolio and
index-linked plan once in real-time

Recurring Purchase: Allows you to subscribe to a cryptocurrency, portfolio and
index-linked plan on an hourly, 4-hourly, 8-hourly, 12-hourly,daily, weekly,
bi-weekly, or monthly basis.

5. Where are my Auto-Invest assets?

Single Token and Portfolio Assets

Your purchased BNB will be automatically deposited into the BNB Vault, and the
other crypto purchased will be deposited to your Simple Earn Flexible Products
account. You can redeem your crypto anytime from [Wallet] - [Earn]. Scroll to
the asset you want to redeem and click [Redeem]. The rewards you earn will be
in accordance with the [Simple Earn Terms of Service](/en-
GB/support/faq/binance-simple-earn-terms-conditions-
bc5978ba2ac2456cbb91d13860d36134).

In some jurisdictions and circumstances, these digital assets will be
transferred to your Spot Wallet and will not earn Simple Earn Flexible
rewards. These include but are not limited to:

•When the Simple Earn Flexible Products quota is sold out.

•When Simple Earn Flexible Products are not available in your region.

•When the crypto is offered on Auto-Invest and not Simple Earn Flexible
Products.

Index-Linked Plan Assets

Cryptocurrencies purchased through Index-Linked Plan will be retained within
the Auto-Invest account, and will not be deposited into the Simple Earn
Flexible Products account. They do not generate Simple Earn Rewards. Please
click [Go to Wallet] on the Auto-Invest Homepage to check your purchased
cryptocurrencies.

6. What happens to my Auto-Invest purchase when I don’t have sufficient balance in my Spot Wallet?

If you have enabled the [Simple Earn Wallet Balance] option and the balance in
your Spot Wallet is insufficient to cover the Auto-Invest plan purchase, the
system will automatically redeem the assets from your Simple Earn Flexible
Products account to complete the purchase.

If you don't enable the function, the purchase will fail. The system will try
to make another purchase on the next Auto-Invest date.

7. How many Auto-Invest plans can I subscribe to?

There is a maximum limit of 100 Auto-Invest plans that you can subscribe to.
This applies to all plans under My Portfolio & My Index-Linked, but excludes
any campaign reward plans. If you experience a “Plan limit reached” error,
please remove your other unused plans. We strongly encourage you to regularly
remove failed plans or unused plans to avoid hitting the limit.

8. How to edit, pause or stop my Auto-Invest plans?

You can edit a plan, for example, change the amount or frequency of the
investment using the following:

1\. On the Auto-Invest Home page, use the editing options available under each
plan.

2\. On the Earn Wallet Page, click [Edit] to edit your plan.

You can pause or stop your Auto-Invest plans using one of the following
options:

1\. On the Auto-Invest Homepage, you can toggle the button next to [On/Off] to
pause or resume a plan. To stop a plan permanently, use the editing options
available under each plan.

2\. On the Earn Wallet Page, you can also repeat the steps above to pause or
stop your Auto-Invest plans.

9. What are the differences between Auto-Invest & Recurring Buy?

Auto-Invest is similar to Recurring Buy. They both allow you to automate
crypto purchases regularly. However, Auto-Invest will automatically deposit
your purchased crypto like [Bitcoin](/en-GB/price/bitcoin) and [Ethereum](/en-
GB/price/ethereum) into your Simple Earn Flexible Products account. Apart from
that, Auto-Invest supports buying crypto with stablecoins, fiat currencies or
cryptos that are allowed for subscription, while Recurring Buy supports fiat
with Credit/Debit Card payments.

Note: In some jurisdictions and circumstances, the digital assets purchased on
Auto-Invest will be transferred to your Spot Wallet and will not earn Simple
Earn Flexible rewards, please see Where are my Auto-Invest assets?

10. What fee will I be charged for Auto-Invest subscriptions?

There will be a fee charged for all purchases on Auto-Invest. The percentage
&amp; amount of fees charged per transaction will be displayed in the Auto-
Invest purchase history under [History] - [Subscription].

The amount of cryptocurrencies purchased will be determined by the price quote
used in our Auto-Invest transaction system. For more information, please see
At what price will the transactions of my Auto-Invest plans be executed?

For Index-Linked Plan Rebalancing Fees: There is an additional rebalancing
fee, please see Will I be charged a rebalancing fee?

Disclaimer: Binance may change these fees from time to time, and will
communicate that changes by updating the purchase summary and history under
[History] \- [Subscription].

11. Disclaimer

These Auto-Invest FAQs are for guidance only, and they may have been
translated and published in different languages. In the event of any
inconsistency, misstatements, omissions or errors appearing in any translated
version, the English version shall prevail. For full details please see our
terms and conditions set out under our [Official Terms of Use](/en-GB/terms-
autoinvest).

View More

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

