[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# Risk Disclosure Statement

Last Updated: Apr 1, 2024

**Introduction**

This “Risk Disclosure Statement” provides you with information about some of
the risks associated with using the services offered by Cube in Australia.
“Cube” as used herein means Cube Group, Inc. and/or its wholly-owned
subsidiaries (“Cube,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) in connection with the
<https://www.cube.exchange> website (the “Site”) and any other website that we
own or control and which posts or links to this Risk Disclosure Statement, our
mobile application (“App”) and our related products and services
(collectively, the “Services”). We refer to all of the websites and our App as
the “Platform.” You understand and acknowledge that each of the risks
described herein has the potential to negatively impact the value of your
assets and your experience on Cube.

**General Terms of Service**

Please note that the information presented in this Risk Disclosure Statement
is not exhaustive and does not encompass all the risks you should consider
before trading or holding digital currencies, tokens, crypto (collectively
“Virtual Currency Assets”). It is essential that you independently assess and
decide whether trading or holding of Virtual Currency Assets is suitable for
you depending upon your financial circumstances, resources and risk tolerance.
It is recommended to seek any necessary advice, including financial and/or
legal guidance, from independent advisors. Furthermore, this Risk Disclosure
Statement is a supplement to but does not replace the [Terms of
Service](https://www.cube.exchange/legal/terms-of-service), the [Official
Litepaper](https://www.cube.exchange/litepaper), and
[Legal](https://www.cube.exchange/legal) documents provided on the Cube Site
in addition to all laws and regulations in your jurisdiction. Any terms not
explicitly defined in this Risk Disclosure Statement will carry the same
meanings ascribed to them in the Terms of Service and Rules.

**Updates to This Risk Disclosure Statement**

We may update this Risk Disclosure Statement based upon a variety of
developments, including evolving laws, regulations and industry standards, or
as we may make changes to our Platform. We will post changes to our Risk
Disclosure Statement on this page and encourage you to review our Risk
Disclosure Statement when you use our Site to stay informed about any updates
regarding Cube. Furthermore, it is imperative and your responsibility to stay
up to date on any updates to the laws, regulations, and industry standards
regarding Virtual Currency Assets. _Updates may be made to our Site and this
Risk Disclosure Statement periodically._

**Operational and Technology Statement**

Operational risks, such as technical failures, technology changes, hardware or
software issues, or security breaches, could impact Cube's performance or user
experience. While Cube utilizes state-of-the-art multi-party compute (MPC)
protocols and off-chain matching engines to enhance security and performance,
operational risks can still occur. The underlying blockchain technology
powering cryptocurrencies is rapidly evolving and still relatively novel. As a
continually developing space, there are unique technological risks that could
impact the functionality and economic value proposition of crypto assets over
time. A core operational risk is the importance of safeguarding the private
cryptographic keys required to access and transfer cryptocurrencies on the
blockchain. The loss, theft, or destruction of these private keys could result
in irreversible losses of the associated cryptocurrency holdings. The future
governance models, functional utilities, and value persistence of
cryptocurrencies remain uncertain as the technology continues to evolve.
Investors must be cognizant that operational events, technological changes, or
developments in the broader blockchain ecosystem could impact the attributes
and worth of crypto asset holdings.

Cube may, from time to time, perform routine and non-routine maintenance on
the Platform. This may lead to lack of access to the Platform and interrupt
user access. Additionally, there are inherent risks when utilizing websites
and mobile applications and the Platform may experience downtime, which is a
risk associated with technology.

While Cube utilizes advanced security protocols like multi-party computation
(MPC) and off-chain matching engines to enhance protection and performance,
the nascent nature of this technology inevitably carries residual operational
hazards. Technical failures, hardware/software issues, and security breaches
are all possibilities that could disrupt services and negatively impact the
user experience. Cube is committed to robust security practices, but the
pioneering and rapidly advancing nature of this field presents inherent
technological risks that prudent investors should acknowledge and research on
their own accord.

**Application Programming Interface (“APIs”) Risk**

The use of APIs involves various risks, including but not limited to
technological risks, operational risks, security risks, and legal and
regulatory risks. These risks are outlined in this Risk Disclosure Statement
generally, however, we still advise familiarizing yourself with the various
risks associated with APIs. Technological risks include potential system
failures, network disruptions, software defects, and other technological
malfunctions that could lead to the unavailability or improper functioning of
the APIs. Operational risks involve potential human errors, process failures,
inadequate procedures, or external events that could disrupt the operation of
the APIs. Security risks encompass unauthorized access, data breaches,
malicious attacks, and other security threats that could compromise the
confidentiality, integrity, or availability of the APIs or the data
transmitted through them. Legal and regulatory risks pertain to what might be
viewed as potential violations of applicable laws, regulations, or contractual
obligations, as well as changes in the legal or regulatory environment that
could impact the use or provision of the APIs.

**Volatility and Liquidity Statement (Market Risk)**

Virtual Currency Asset markets are always evolving and highly volatile, and
new developments in the space pose their own unique risks given the market’s
sensitivity and constant evolution. Therefore these developments may induce
large fluctuations in trading volumes and prices. Given the relatively nascent
state of these markets, significant changes in market sentiment driven by
events such as adverse media reports or commentary from influential
individuals can trigger substantial price swings. Additionally, the
introduction of new technologies may further fluctuate the market causing
active participants to be aware of the changing landscape. Cryptocurrency
prices on our Platform have exhibited high volatility, influenced by factors
including liquidity levels, activity driven by speculation on future
appreciation, shifts in investor confidence, operational disruptions at
exchanges, and competition from emerging cryptocurrencies and it is at your
own risk that you engage with volatile assets.

Furthermore, the prices of cryptocurrencies can ultimately be determined by
global supply and demand. Reduced demand can quickly translate into depressed
prices across the crypto asset class. Investors must be cognizant that
cryptocurrencies may not maintain their purchasing power value long-term, and
there are no guarantees about the continued growth of mainstream acceptance as
a payment method or for any other use case. The liquidity landscape is also
fragmented, with cryptocurrencies traded across numerous exchanges and over-
the-counter venues globally, each with its own pricing mechanisms and order
books. This dispersed liquidity poses challenges for market participants
aiming to efficiently exit positions, particularly during periods of market
stress. Certain cryptocurrency addresses holding large portions of the
outstanding supply could further contribute to volatility if they choose to
divest their holdings. Thus, it is always important to remember to be vigilant
in managing your position and to monitor the market, which you do at your own
risk.

**Regulatory Risk**

Given the various regulatory landscapes impacting cryptocurrency, it is
imperative to stay up to date on the constant compliance changes. Regulatory
changes in the space may impact Cube's operations. While Cube is committed to
regulatory compliance, unforeseen regulatory developments could impact the
Platform's ability to provide specific Services or operate in certain
jurisdictions while remaining in compliance with the rapidly evolving
regulations. New laws and regulations may be promulgated that apply to
blockchain technology, digital assets, and related exchanges like Cube. This
includes potential requirements to limit the availability of certain Services
or contracts, restrict users based on location, or even cease operating in
certain jurisdictions if the regulatory burden becomes commercially
unsustainable or legally prohibited. Regulatory actions classifying digital
assets or derivatives as regulated financial instruments could also negatively
affect the pricing and liquidity for these products on Cube's Platform. As the
regulatory environment develops, Cube may face compliance obligations that
constrain its ability to provide Services as seamlessly as current conditions
allow.

As a user of Cube’s Platform it is ultimately your responsibility to make sure
that you comply with any and all local regulations, directives, restrictions
and laws in your place(s) of residence before using our Platform. We do not
permit the use of our Platform by Users from a jurisdiction in which the use
of our services is not permitted (including, without limitation, “Restricted
Jurisdictions”). We are not offering or soliciting the use of our Platform to
any person located in any Restricted Jurisdiction or any other jurisdiction in
which the specific use of our Platform is not authorized or is otherwise
prohibited by local laws.

**Cybersecurity Risks**

Cube is committed to safeguarding the Platform and diligently monitoring
cybersecurity risks. The cryptocurrency ecosystem faces heightened
cybersecurity threats due to the digital nature of these assets and platforms.
Malicious actors may attempt to disrupt Cube's trading Platform and services
through various attack vectors like malware, denial of service, account
takeovers, or spoofed transactions. With our reliance on computer systems and
technologies, we are potentially susceptible to operational and information
security breaches that could corrupt data, cause downtime, or even result in
the loss of customer assets. Cyber incidents can stem from deliberate attacks
by bad actors aiming to gain unauthorized access and misappropriate assets or
data. However, unintentional events like software vulnerabilities can also
open the door to security compromises. In addition to direct threats targeting
Cube, cyber failures or breaches impacting our critical third-party vendors
and service providers could also negatively impact our Platform's security and
operations. Even seemingly minor cybersecurity events in the crypto space have
demonstrated the potential to trigger immediate, irreversible losses for
market participants and downward pricing pressure on affected
cryptocurrencies. Maintaining robust cybersecurity practices and safeguarding
access credentials is crucial, but some residual risk always remains. You are
responsible for keeping your login information and any two-factor
authentication tools secure and ensuring the integrity of the systems you use
to access our Platform. While we take cybersecurity extremely seriously, the
elevated cyber risks intrinsic to this industry can never be completely
eliminated. Careful security diligence and prudent risk management are
essential when operating in this landscape. In addition, cryptocurrency
markets, including cryptocurrency projects and the prices of related
cryptocurrencies, are susceptible to negative impacts from fraudulent actors
and other similar events. For example, project teams may misappropriate
project assets, trusted service providers to a project or protocol may abuse
that trust, and major market participants may experience financial or other
distress that has the result of a direct or indirect market impact. You
understand, acknowledge, and accept these categories of risks.

**Transaction Fees and Risks**

Cube Exchange implements trading fees determined by a proportion of the order
size and trade size : maker or taker. Fees are paid in the receiving asset,
recorded on CubeNet when your trade is matched, and automatically deducted
from your MPC Vault at the time of net settlement of your match trade. Please
review the [Cube Exchange Fee Schedule](https://www.cube.exchange/fees) to
understand the procedure and associated risks.

**Trading Risks**

Trading on the Cube Platform, like other digital asset exchanges, exposes
users to market risks, including price volatility, liquidity issues, and
market manipulation. Users should be aware of these risks when trading and
manage their exposure accordingly. Cube aims to mitigate these risks by
incentivizing market makers, offering multi-chain support, and implementing
transparent liquidation standards. Cube provides tools for convenience and
facilitation of trading. In no way are these tools or the Platform designed to
guarantee a profit. On the contrary, it is not unusual for activity on
Platform to result in a loss, therefore in addition to reviewing this Risk
Disclosure Statement, Cube encourages you to review all necessary
[Legal](https://www.cube.exchange/legal) information, the [Cube Exchange Fee
Schedule](https://www.cube.exchange/fees), and stay up to date with trading
laws and regulations.

In addition, trading on the Cube Platform, like any other digital asset
exchange, exposes users to market risks, including price volatility, slippage,
execution risk, liquidity issues, and the possibility of misconduct by market
participants (e.g., spoofing, wash trading, manipulation, and other forms of
disruptive trading, including on platforms other than Cube). Users should be
aware of these risks when trading and manage their exposure accordingly. Cube
aims to mitigate these risks by incentivizing market makers, offering multi-
chain support, requiring adherence to its trade conduct policy, and
implementing transparent liquidation standards.

**Cube’s Trade Conduct Policy**

Cube prohibits trading misconduct, including spoofing, wash trading, false
trading, manipulation, and any other form of recklessness, fraud, and
disruptive and disorderly trading. By transacting on Cube, you agree to be
bound by this prohibition, and you agree and understand that Cube has the
ability, in its sole discretion, to monitor and review your trading in order
to determine whether you are in compliance. **_You also agree, as a term and
condition of accessing the Services, to respond promptly to any requests from
Cube regarding your trading activity, including request for information and
requests for documents._** Failure to comply with this trade conduct policy
could result in disciplinary outcomes, up to and including the suspension of
your account, penalties, and referral of your activity by Cube to relevant
governmental authorities.

**Engage on the Cube Platform At Your Own Risk; Markets & Risk; Features and
Functionality, Including Order Types and Algos**

Although Cube addresses many of the challenges associated with traditional
centralized exchanges and decentralized platforms, users should still be aware
of the potential risks involved. By understanding these risks and employing
sound risk management practices, users can make informed decisions when
participating in trading and other activities on the Platform.

By accepting Cube’s Terms of Service and engaging in activity on the Cube
Platform, you agree and understand that, while Cube provides certain user
features and functionalities as a convenience, including, for example, a range
of order types and algorithmic development and deployment tools, no such
features or functionality do or can guarantee a trading profit or guarantee
against a trading loss. Any and all activities undertaken by you on Cube, and
your use or non-use of any Cube features and functionality, is undertaken at
your own risk and in your own discretion. You acknowledge and agree that you
have no right to claim that the use or non-use of any such features or
functionality resulted in Cube causing you a loss or depriving you of a
profit.

The latest Risk Disclosure Statement changes were made on Apr 1, 2024

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

