Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Metaco Harmonize Selected by DekaBank as Core Platform for Institutional
Digital Asset Offering

Metaco’s technology to enable German securities services and capital markets
firm to launch digital asset custody service, subject to receiving licence
from the regulator.

  * __ January 31, 2023
  *  __10 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fdekabank-technology-partnership-metaco%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fdekabank-technology-partnership-metaco%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Lausanne, Switzerland – 31 January 2023 —

[Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/), the market-leading provider of digital
asset custody and orchestration technology to complex, regulated financial
institutions, today announces that is has partnered with
[DekaBank](https://www.deka.de/deka-group), the leading provider of securities
services and capital market solutions to the German Savings Banks Finance
Group (Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe), to underpin and orchestrate DekaBank’s
digital asset custody and management operations.

Following a rigorous selection process and proof-of-concept, Metaco’s custody
and orchestration platform, [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/harmonize/)
was selected by DekaBank to manage its digital asset operations. Developed in
partnership with Tier 1 banks, Harmonize enables the commercial launch of
complex banking value propositions around digital assets, such as custody of
cryptocurrencies and digital securities, underpinned by institutional-grade
security and compliance standards.

With assets under management of over €360 billion, DekaBank is a key provider
of securities services in Germany, providing a broad range of services
including custody, asset management and capital market solutions to the German
Saving Banks Finance Group. DekaBank’s digital asset custody services will
offer a safe and compliant value proposition to its extensive network of
savings banks – with the highest standards of security. The unique key
management-agnostic capabilities of the Harmonize platform, underpinned by its
fully configurable governance engine which will allow DekaBank to define its
own policies, in a scalable way, were among the critical criteria in the
selection process.

Germany offers an innovative, yet strictly regulated environment for digital
asset services, with service providers required to apply for licenses through
the country’s Federal Financial Supervisory Authority (BaFin). Metaco’s
technology solutions are already in productive use with regulated financial
institutions.

**[Andreas Sack](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andreas-sack-401610129/), Product
Owner Digital Assets Custody at DekaBank, commented:**

> “Digital assets are a critical part of the future, a radical new way for how
> assets will be represented, from currencies to real estate. Today we make
> another important step towards laying the foundation for giving our
> institutional investors and millions of people in Germany access to this
> transformational opportunity. Metaco is the right partner for DekaBank to
> create new services that are secure, compliant, and future-proof.”

**[Adrien Treccani](https://www.linkedin.com/in/atreccani/), CEO and Founder
of Metaco, commented:**

> “This partnership continues to establish Metaco as the leading custody and
> orchestration technology provider for global, regulated financial
> institutions looking to quickly scale institutional-grade digital asset
> servicing.”

Metaco has significant Tier 1 and Tier 2 bank implementations in various
regulatory jurisdictions across Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and North
America, and established itself as a leading technology provider to financial
institutions and corporations in the digital asset ecosystem.

* * *

#### About Metaco

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, Metaco is a technology company whose mission
is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to securely manage their
digital asset business and capitalize on the burgeoning digital asset economy.
The company’s core product, Harmonize, is an orchestration system for digital
assets. From cryptocurrency custody and trading to tokenization, staking and
smart contract management, the platform seamlessly connects institutions to
the new world of decentralized finance (DeFi).

Metaco has established itself as the Tier 1 banking standard, trusted by and
in live production with global custodians, exchanges, and private and
universal banks. Its software, technology and infrastructure solutions enable
financial institutions to store, trade, issue and manage digital assets, with
the highest possible security and agility.

[www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

#### About DekaBank

DekaBank is the securities services provider of the German Savings Banks
Finance Group (Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe). Together with its subsidiaries it
forms Deka Group. With total customer assets of EUR 363 billion (as at
30/09/2022) and more than 5,2 million securities accounts, DekaBank is one of
the largest securities services providers and real estate asset managers in
Germany. DekaBank is a wholly owned subsidiary of the German Sparkasse savings
banks and forms an integral part of the Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe.

For more information, visit [deka.de](https://www.deka.de/)



#### Media Contacts

Wachsman, on behalf of Metaco  
Conor Shearman  
E: [conor.shearman@wachsman.com](mailto:conor.shearman@wachsman.com)  
P: +353 87 3706262



* * *



### **Metaco Harmonize von der DekaBank als Kernplattform der digitalen
Vermögenswerte für institutionelle Kunden ausgewählt.**

_Die Technologie von Metaco soll es dem Vermögensverwalter ermöglichen, einen
Verwahrungsdienst für digitale Vermögenswerte ins Leben zu rufen,
vorausgesetzt der Lizenzerteilung durch die Aufsichtsbehörde._

[Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/), der marktführende Anbieter von Technologien
zur Verwahrung und Orchestrierung von digitalen Vermögenswerte, für komplexe,
regulierte Finanzinstituten, gibt heute bekannt, dass er mit der
[DekaBank](https://www.deka.de/deka-group), dem führenden Anbieter von
Wertpapierdienstleistungen und Kapitalmarktlösungen für die deutsche
Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe, eine Partnerschaft eingegangen ist, um die Verwahrung
und Verwaltung digitaler Vermögenswerte der DekaBank zu unterstützen und zu
orchestrieren.

Nach einem intensiven Auswahlverfahren und Machbarkeitsnachweis wurde
[Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/harmonize/) _™_ , die Verwahrungs- und
Orchestrierungsplattform von Metaco, von der DekaBank für die Verwaltung und
Verwahrung von digitalen Vermögenswerten ausgewählt. Entwickelt in
Zusammenarbeit mit Tier-1-Banken, bietet Harmonize die Möglichkeit, komplexe
Leistungsversprechen im Bankengeschäft im Zusammenhang mit digitalen
Vermögenswerten anzubieten. Dazu gehört die Verwahrung von Kryptowährungen und
digitalen Wertpapieren, die durch Sicherheits- und Compliance-Standards für
institutionelle Kunden untermauert werden.

Mit einem verwalteten Vermögen von über 360Mrd. Euro  , zählt  die DekaBank zu
einem der wichtigsten Wertpapier-Anbieter  in Deutschland. Mit der Verwahrung
von digitalen Vermögenswerten bietet die DekaBank der Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe
ein rechtskonformes Leistungsangebot mit höchsten Sicherheitsstandards. Zu den
entscheidenden Kriterien bei der Auswahl der Harmonize-Plattform gehörten die
einzigartigen Key-Management-Fähigkeiten, die durch die vollständig
konfigurierbare Governance-Engine untermauert werden, die es der DekaBank
ermöglicht, ihre eigenen Richtlinien auf skalierbare Weise zu definieren.

Deutschland bietet ein innovatives, aber streng reguliertes Umfeld für
Dienstleistungen im Bereich digitaler Vermögenswerte, wobei
Dienstleistungsanbieter eine Lizenzüber die Bundesanstalt für
Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin) beantragen müssen. Die technischen
Lösungen von Metaco werden bereits von regulierten Finanzinstituten produktiv
eingesetzt.

Andreas Sack, Product Owner Digital Assets Custody bei der DekaBank, sagte
dazu: _“Digitale Vermögenswerte sind ein entscheidender Teil der Zukunft, eine
vollständig neue Art und Weise wie Vermögenswerte künftig emittiert, gehandelt
und verwahrt werden.__Wir wollen die Bedingungen dafür schaffen, dass – im
ersten Schritt – unsere institutionellen Investoren eine sicher Möglichkeit
haben, ihre digitale Vermögenswerte zu verwahren und in diese investieren.
Heute sind wir diesem Ziel nähergekommen. Metaco ist der richtige Partner für
die DekaBank, wenn es darum geht, die Infrastruktur für Digitale Assets
auszubauen._ “

[Adrien
Treccani](https://www.linkedin.com/in/atreccani/?originalSubdomain=ch),
Geschäftsführer und Gründer von Metaco, sagte:_„Mit dieser Partnerschaft
etabliert sich Metaco weiter als führender Anbieter von Verwahrungs- und
Orchestrierungstechnologien für globale, regulierte Finanzinstitute, die eine
schnelle Skalierung der Verwaltung von digitalen Vermögenswerten auf
institutioneller Ebene anstreben._

Metaco hat beträchtliche Tier-1- und Tier-2-Bankenimplementierungen in
diversen regulierten Gebieten in Europa, im asiatisch-pazifischen Raum, im
Mittleren Osten und in Nordamerika und hat sich als führender Anbieter von
Technologien für Finanzinstitute und Unternehmen im Ökosystem digitaler
Vermögenswerte etabliert.

## ENDE ##

**Über Metaco**

Gegründet im Jahr 2015 in der Schweiz, ist [Metaco](http://www.metaco.com) ein
Technologieunternehmen, das Finanz- und Nichtfinanzinstituten die Möglichkeit
gibt, ihre Geschäfte im Zusammenhang mit digitalen Vermögenswerten sicher zu
verwalten und von der wachsenden Konjunktur in diesem Bereich zu profitieren.
Harmonize, das Kernprodukt des Unternehmens, stellt ein Orchestrierungssystem
für digitale Vermögenswerte dar. Von der Verwahrung von digitalen
Vermögenswerten und dem Handel mit Kryptowährungen bis hin zu Tokenisierung,
Staking und intelligentem Vertragsmanagement: die Plattform ermöglicht ein
nahtloses Verbinden von Institutionen mit der neuen Welt des dezentralen
Finanzwesens (DeFi).

Metaco hat sich als Tier-1-Banking-Standard etabliert, auf den sich Global
Custodians (Depotbanken), Börsen sowie Privat- und Universalbanken auf der
ganzen Welt im Rahmen ihrer Geschäftsoperationen verlassen. Mithilfe ihrer
Software-, Technologie- und Infrastrukturlösungen können Finanzinstitute
digitale Vermögenswerte mit größtmöglicher Sicherheit und Flexibilität
speichern, tauschen, ausstellen und verwalten.

Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie unter
[www.metaco.com](http://www.metaco.com)

**Über DekaBank**

Die DekaBank ist das Wertpapierhaus der Sparkassen, gemeinsam mit ihren
Tochtergesellschaften bildet sie die Deka-Gruppe. Mit Total Assets in Höhe von
363 Mrd. Euro (per 30.09.2022) sowie mehr als 5,2 Millionen betreuten Depots
ist sie einer der größten Wertpapierdienstleister und Immobilien-Asset Manager
in Deutschland. Sie eröffnet privaten und institutionellen Anlegern  Zugang zu
einer breiten Palette an Anlageprodukten und Dienstleistungen. Die DekaBank
ist fest verankert in der Sparkassen-Finanzgruppe und richtet ihr
Angebotsportfolio ganz nach den Anforderungen ihrer Eigentümer und
Vertriebspartner im Wertpapiergeschäft aus.

Weitere Informationen erhalten Sie unter [deka.de](https://www.deka.de/deka-
group)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

