s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# How to Use Multisig: A Guide for Individuals

May 29, 2023

![solana-multisig-wallet-best-solana-wallet-squads-individual-multi-signature-
spl-wallet-how-to-create-a-multisig-on-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ChctJ6Au9yTycJb3MJuwRMKpV60.png)

While multisigs are well suited for teams or organizations, they also serve as
a great alternative to hardware wallets (e.g. Keystone, Ledger) for
individuals. Certainly more advanced, they offer enhanced security features
thanks to their multi-signature functionality, making them an optimal choice
for safeguarding important amounts of crypto assets.

For individuals looking to hold their assets on Solana, a multisig like Squads
is likely your ideal solution. In this guide, weâll go over the concept of
multisig, explore the various setups adapted for individuals, and cover the
solution that Squads offers to store Solana (SPL) assets such as tokens and
NFTs.

## Multisig: A Secure Way to Store your Assets

Multisigs are gradually gaining traction as viable alternatives to traditional
hot and cold wallet solutions due to their advanced features for securing
assets. Multisig, short for "multi-signature", implies that every transaction
requires multiple signatures for execution. This contrasts with traditional
self-custody solutions where assets become vulnerable the moment the seed
phrase is known.

Conversely, a multisig doesn't have a seed phrase/private key. It is instead
governed by multiple private keys, typically referred to as owners. During its
creation, owners and a signature threshold are set. This threshold dictates
how many owners need to sign a transaction for it to be executed.  
  

![what-is-multisig-multisignature-wallet-solana-multisig-explained-multisig-
individual-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/45yPGpeaW3AOxNCFCsuQBasdLI.png)

If open-source and immutable (non-upgradeable), multisigs are a superior
alternative to hardware wallets for securing crypto assets. Relying on a
hardware wallet means entrusting the entire security of your crypto net worth
to a single entity/brand. If it gets compromised, or suffers an attack with a
malicious upgrade, it can result in irreversible loss. In contrast, immutable
and open-source multisig solutions ensure two things:

  1. The upgrade authority of the multisig program has been burned, guaranteeing that it cannot be modified by anyone to move or access your funds;

  2. You can understand how the multisig program works and verify it operates as intended.

While sometimes complex, multisigs thus minimize the security risks associated
with traditional hot and cold wallet solutions.

## What Setup For Your Multisig

Weâve seen that during the creation of a multisig, several owners (private
keys) are added, and a threshold is set. But what's an ideal setup for
individuals? The truth is, there isn't a definitive answer as it heavily
depends on your personal needs. However, there are two setups that are usually
recommended and well suited for individuals.

For a balance of security and convenience, a 2-of-3 multisig could be your
best choice. In this setup, you'll only need two wallets to sign a transaction
every time you move your funds. On the other hand, for those seeking ultimate
security, a 3-of-5 setup would be more suitable.  
  

![how-to-create-solana-multisig-what-setup-multisig-owners-keys-squads-multi-
signature-wallet-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ALRlC2etIoKcWTaq3fUlWiarjDs.png)

Keep in mind, the more keys required to transact, the harder it will be to
move your funds. If your primary aim is asset protection and not frequent
trading, a 3-of-5 setup is perfect. Conversely, if you plan to transact
daily/weekly, a 2-of-3 setup is more convenient.

When it comes to setting up a 2-of-3 multisig, there are several
possibilities. First, you could add all the private keys with hardware wallets
from several brands such as Keystone, Ledger, or OneKey. Beyond having three
keys, itâs also important to use different brands in case one encounters an
issue. This setup, composed only of cold wallets, means that every time you
need to sign a transaction, it will require two of the keys. While this might
seem fine at first, it actually reduces the flexibility of a 2-of-3 setup.

Hence, itâs more optimal to include a hot wallet in your multisig (like
Phantom or Backpack) to simplify its management while still securely storing
the assets held within your multisig. In this case, you keep two keys (from
one cold and one hot wallet) for your daily or weekly operations, while the
additional cold wallet is in a secure place in case one of the keys is
compromised and needs to be removed. Using two hot wallets also works if they
are stored on two separate devices. For example, you could use the Backpack
extension on desktop and the Phantom app on mobile, while the hardware wallet
(e.g. Ledger) is stored in a bank safe.  
  

![best-multisig-for-individual-setup-how-to-create-multisig-wallet-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/3gyfFj9sdI3QRSpTeMZIpssRwA.png)

For securing assets that you don't intend to use frequently, the 3-of-5 setup
is another option you can consider. Once again, if all the keys are tied to
hardware wallets, the process becomes exceedingly complex. Hence, you could
store two keys as cold wallets in different locations, for example, in a bank
safe and with a trusted friend. The remaining three could then be a
combination of two cold and one hot wallet, where the hot one resides in your
computer (e.g. Backpack extension) and the two cold ones are hardware wallets
from different vendors. This setup makes it considerably harder for a
malicious actor to access your funds, as he would have to get access at least
three of your keys to execute any transaction.

It's important to note that keys aren't needed to deposit assets to your
multisig, they're only required to move them. This means that you can send
crypto from another address, say every month, and only use the keys when you
need to move your funds.

## Squads: Your Solana Multisig Solution

Squads has developed a platform for creating multisig and managing on-chain
assets on Solana. The Squads multisig program is open-source and immutable
(non-upgradeable), which means that no one besides you can access or move your
funds. Additionally, Squads has been multiple times audited by OtterSec and
Neodyme.  
  

![solana-multisig-wallet-squads-manage-asset-best-solana-wallet-most-secure-
open-source-wallet-solana-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/VZS9nUkdkfQiVjxrcg6RH4Sok0.png)

With Squads, you can securely store and manage your Solana (SPL) tokens. Swap
assets with Jupiter, add your favorite contacts/addresses to your Squad,
access staking solutions such as Jito, or explore DeFi yield opportunities
within our app section. It's also perfectly adapted for NFT management, as it
allows batch sending, listings on Tensor, or rentals with Cardinal all without
leaving the multisig.

In summary, a multisig offers a viable and more secure alternative to
traditional self-custody solutions for individual users. While more advanced,
this is outweighed by enhanced security measures for managing significant
amounts of funds on-chain. Since multisigs operate through a set number of
private keys, requiring multiple signatures for transaction execution, they
significantly reduce the risk of asset compromise that comes with the loss or
theft of a single private key.

Switching to a multisigs may involve a learning curve, but the benefits it
provides in terms of asset security make the transition worth considering for
many individuals. Whether you opt for a 2-of-3 or a 3-of-5 setup largely
depends on your personal needs and how frequently you plan to transact with
your assets. If you're looking for the most robust solution to secure your
funds, wait no longer and spin up your multisig today.  
  

### Get Started:

_Squads platform:  _[_https://v3.squads.so/_](https://v3.squads.so/)_  
Read the documentation:
_[_https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/_](https://docs.squads.so/squads-v3-docs/)_  
Review the code:  _[_https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-
mpl_](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol/squads-mpl) _  
Join the community:
_[_https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx_](https://discord.com/invite/tYpY9UfRFx)

  

Continue reading

[![why-use-squads-why-multisig-solana-multisig-wallet-squads-leading-multi-
signature-solution-mpc-alternative-solana-secure-sol-for-company-squads-
protocol-
audited](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6S99P6ebVfLr6xzbo831NVDrCM.png)Why
Do Enterprises Use Squads For Their On-chain OperationsMarch 6, 2024](./why-
use-squads)[![how-to-create-mint-solana-spl-token-burn-mint-authority-solana-
multisig-squads-spl-token-
management](https://framerusercontent.com/images/YeQMBSozonTrL7s0M1gHdvMHtCw.png)Create
and Manage Solana (SPL) Tokens with SquadsDecember 13, 2023](./create-manage-
solana-spl-token)[![squads-solana-leading-multisig-spending-limits-treasury-
management-solana-multisig-wallet-squads-protocol-audited-formal-
verification](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2tyh01MPlECImwUoS4lpntdjCM.png)How
to Improve Treasury Operations with Spending LimitsNovember 29,
2023](./spending-limits)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

