  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Introducing Trust Wallet SWIFT: The Easiest Way to Start Exploring
Web3](/blog/introducing-trust-wallet-swift)

##### Announcements

# Introducing Trust Wallet SWIFT: The Easiest Way to Start Exploring Web3

Published on: Feb 19, 2024Updated on: Feb 28, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Making Web3 More Accessible**
  * **Getting Started with SWIFT**

##### In Brief

Discover Trust Wallet SWIFT: The easiest way to start in Web3. Learn how it
uses account abstraction to provide a seamless and secure Web3 experience.

![Introducing Trust Wallet SWIFT: The Easiest Way to Start Exploring
Web3](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fintroducing_tw_swift_1f4114058f.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Key takeaways:

  * Trust Wallet SWIFT, **a Smart Contract Wallet powered by Account Abstraction** , enters public beta.

  * SWIFT **simplifies Web3 access** with features like gas fee abstraction, one-click transactions, and biometric-protected Passkeys.

  * **SWIFT comes as an additional wallet option** , alongside Trust Wallet’s original wallet experience already trusted by 80M+ users.

  * **Public beta rollout begins on February 19, 2024** , with full availability by February 20, 2024.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/Swift)

## Making Web3 More Accessible

Our mission is to build a seamless Web3 hub and open ecosystem for everyone.
Today, we're excited to announce a key addition to our ecosystem to further
that mission: **Trust Wallet SWIFT (Beta)**.

SWIFT is a Smart Contract Wallet **powered by Account Abstraction**. The new
wallet is designed to address common challenges faced by Web3 beginners,
including complexity, security concerns, and private key management. But it
doesn’t stop there because while SWIFT makes things seamless for beginners, it
also alleviates common frustrations for crypto-natives.

For instance, SWIFT’s gas fee abstraction feature accepts gas for transactions
in over 200 tokens—350% more than the current market offers. Also, with
features like one-click transactions and biometric-protected Passkeys, SWIFT
makes Web3 both easier and safer for the next wave of users.

[![swift-wallet.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fswift_wallet_6bcca73b0f.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://youtu.be/pfSOsk1lxJ8)

SWIFT establishes new benchmarks for Smart Contract wallets by enhancing user
experience and security from the ground up. **Security has been a
cornerstone** from the design phase, incorporating thorough internal audits,
external reviews by Halborn and Certik, and continuous smart contract
monitoring support from Ancilia. This robust security approach ensures that
users, whether new or experienced, can navigate Web3 with confidence and
safety.

At launch, **SWIFT continues Trust Wallet’s multi-chain tradition** by
supporting seven low-cost and scalable major EVM chains, including Arbitrum,
Polygon, BSC, opBNB, Base, Optimism, and Avalanche, with plans to add more.
Additionally, to help users experience the power of Account Abstraction, Trust
Wallet has added gas fee discounts with TWT token and gas fee sponsorship with
partners for the beta testing phase.

**Note:** TWT discount is not directed towards UK citizens.

**_Rollout for Trust Wallet SWIFT (Beta) starts on February 19th 2024, and
will be fully available worldwide by February 20th, 2024. Be sure to check for
updates for availability in your region._**

## Getting Started with SWIFT

With the addition of SWIFT, users have the choice to use the new simplified
smart contract wallet experience or our original wallet experience which is
already Trusted by over 80 million users. You also have the freedom to use
both, and switch between the two anytime you’d like.

Be sure to get the most updated version of Trust Wallet to access SWIFT.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/Swift)

### How to Add a SWIFT Wallet If You’re New to Trust Wallet

Once you have the latest version of Trust Wallet installed here’s how to
create a SWIFT wallet.

  * Open Trust Wallet, and select the Get Started button.

  * Choose “Create a new wallet”.

  * Choose “Swift Beta”

  * Continue with the steps to create your passkey and start using your wallet.

![introducing-tw-swift-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fintroducing_tw_swift_3_7ba0f71d29.png&w=3840&q=75)

### How to Add a SWIFT Wallet If You Already Have Trust Wallet

From your wallet’s home screen select the wallet selector ‘downward pointing
arrow’.

  * Select the “+” sign.

  * Choose “Create a new wallet”.

  * Choose “Swift Beta”

  * Continue with the steps to create your passkey and start using your wallet.

![introducing-tw-swift-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fintroducing_tw_swift_1_126c7c4ce1.png&w=3840&q=75)

#### Learn More About Trust Wallet SWIFT

  * [Trust Wallet SWIFT starter guide](https://trustwallet.com/blog/trust-wallet-swift-starter-guide)

  * [Learn about the TWT gas fee discount](https://trustwallet.com/blog/twt-gas-fee-discount)

  * [Smart contract wallet recoverability](https://trustwallet.com/blog/security-recoverability-of-smart-wallets)

  * [Paying gas with any token](https://trustwallet.com/blog/pay-gas-with-any-token)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/Swift)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

