  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [DeFi](/blog?category=DeFi)  >  [Explore
Solana DeFi with Raydium](/blog/explore-solana-defi-with-raydium)

##### DeFi

# Explore Solana DeFi with Raydium

Published on: May 17, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Raydium’s Features**
  * **Connecting Your Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Swap Tokens Using Raydium**

##### In Brief

Explore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Raydium and Trust Wallet. Discover
secure swapping, liquidity pools, and staking for enhanced asset management.

![Explore Solana DeFi with Raydium](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_with_raydium_9b1fd26338.png&w=3840&q=75)

In the world of Decentralized Finance (DeFi), the Solana blockchain has
emerged as a top contender. What makes Solana so popular within the DeFi world
is the network's fast transaction speed, and low fees.

At the heart of [Solana's DeFi
ecosystem](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide) lies Raydium. Raydium is a leading Solana DEX platform,
empowering users to seamlessly engage in various financial activities with
speed and security. By integrating a secure Web3 crypto wallet, such as Trust
Wallet, users can securely manage their assets securely and effortlessly
explore the world of [Solana DeFi](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-
the-solana-ecosystem-beginners-guide).

This guide will walk you through leveraging Raydium’s features, including
swapping, liquidity pools, and more. Before you jump in, you'll need a secure
[Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) to connect to Raydium.
Trust Wallet is the most used mobile [Web3](https://trustwallet.com) [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) in the world, and also
includes a [browser extension](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-Extension) you
can use on desktop computers.

Be sure to get the most updated version of Trust Wallet now, then continue
below.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Understanding Raydium’s Features

Raydium is a decentralized exchange (DEX) and automated market maker (AMM)
protocol. Raydium is built on the [Solana](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8) blockchain. As one of the
leading platforms within Solana's DeFi ecosystem, Raydium gives users a
seamless, efficient way to swap digital assets, provide liquidity to pools,
and stake tokens for rewards.

### Secure Swapping

Raydium enables users to swap between a wide range of digital assets swiftly
and securely. Using the innovative technology of the Solana blockchain,
Raydium executes trades with minimal latency and transaction costs, giving
users a seamless trading experience.

### Liquidity Pools

Raydium's liquidity pools serve as the backbone of its decentralized exchange.
By contributing assets to these pools, users can participate in automated
market making, facilitating efficient price discovery and trading liquidity
for various tokens on the Solana network.

### Staking for Rewards

In addition to trading and providing liquidity, Raydium enables users to stake
their tokens to earn rewards. By staking assets, users contribute to the
security and stability of the Solana blockchain while receiving incentives in
the form of additional tokens or protocol governance rights.

Below, we'll go over how to access some of these features using your Trust
Wallet.

## Connecting Your Trust Wallet

The first step to access DeFi on Raydium is to connect your Trust Wallet.
Here’s how.

  * If you’re using the mobile app, open Trust Wallet and select the “Browser” tab, then search “Raydium” or enter the URL, [https://raydium.io/](https://raydium.io/), into the search bar, and select the “Done” button. **If you’re using the browser extension** , simply navigate to the raydium.io URL site.

  * Select “Connect Wallet”.

![solana-defi-with-raydium-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_with_raydium_3_d23dc20bbe.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Now that your wallet is connected, you’re ready to [swap
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/swap) and access other features.

## How to Swap Tokens Using Raydium

Below, we’ll go through basic swap instructions, including how to access
liquidity pools and staking on the Raydium platform.

### Swap Tokens on Raydium

Swapping tokens is just a matter of choosing the asset you want to swap from,
and the asset you want to swap to. For example, you could:

  * Choose SOL in the “From” field, and BONK in the “To” field.

  * Select “Swap” to initiate the swap. Then wait until the transaction goes through.

![solana-defi-with-raydium-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_with_raydium_4_abbc42b347.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Liquidity Pools on Raydium

Raydium's liquidity pools facilitate efficient token swaps by providing deep
liquidity across a wide range of token pairs. Users can exchange one token for
another directly from the liquidity pool of this [Solana
DEX](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), benefiting from competitive
prices and minimal slippage.

By contributing assets to Raydium's liquidity pools, users can earn rewards in
the form of trading fees and protocol incentives. These rewards are
distributed proportionally to liquidity providers based on their contribution
to the pool, incentivizing users to participate in liquidity provision.

Here’s how to contribute to Raydium’s liquidity pools:

  * Open raydium.io in your Trust Wallet browser.

  * Navigate to the “Liquidity” tab, and select it.

  * Find your desired liquidity pool, and select it.

  * Set your price range.

  * Enter the token amount.

  * Select “Deposit.”

![solana-defi-with-raydium-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_with_raydium_2_4b9becf72b.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Staking on Raydium

Staking is a fundamental concept in decentralized finance (DeFi). Staking
involves locking up digital assets to support the operations of a blockchain
network and, in return, earning rewards. Staking plays a crucial role in
securing the network, maintaining consensus, and incentivizing participation
in governance and protocol upgrades.

By staking their RAY tokens, the native cryptocurrency of the Raydium
ecosystem, users contribute to the security and stability of the Raydium
ecosystem. In exchange for staking Raydium crypto, users are rewarded with
interest in the form of RAY tokens.

Here’s how to stake RAY:

  * Open raydium.io in your Trust Wallet browser.

  * Navigate to the “More” tab, and select “Staking.”

  * Click “More info.”

  * Enter the amount of RAY that you would like to stake.

  * Select “stake.”

![solana-defi-with-raydium-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_with_raydium_1_7ca15dea9f.gif&w=3840&q=75)

#### Conclusion

Raydium, combined with Trust Wallet, offers you a powerful gateway into
Solana's DeFi ecosystem. By leveraging features like swaps, liquidity pools
and staking, you can explore various DeFi functionalities. Remember, the key
to successful DeFi engagement is understanding the tools at your disposal and
using them wisely. Always conduct your own research before diving into any
crypto project or DeFi protocol.

_**Disclaimer:** Content is for informational purposes and not investment
advice. Web3 and crypto come with risk. Please do your own research with
respect to interacting with and holding cryptocurrencies. Exercise caution and
ensure decentralized applications (dApps) you connect to and use are safe.
View our terms of service at: [https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-
service](https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-service)._

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

