  * [![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-logo.png&w=640&q=75)](/)
  * [Characters](/characters)
  * [Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Community](/community)
  * Menu

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F12ab978398d11f1f51e23316d1d9d7e9a16b644b-1920x1080.png%3Fw%3D1920%26h%3D1080&w=2048&q=75)

![Andrew
Pelekis](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F804ffc87f8176c7e6fd9dd2ec211b40987869360-400x400.jpg%3Fw%3D80%26h%3D80&w=256&q=75)

# Crafting the Future of Entertainment with Claynosaurz

30.10.2023Vision

There is a whirlwind of activity around us at Claynosaurz: preparing for an
upcoming conference, hiring team members across the board, and getting our
ducks in a row for fundraising to name just a few. We’ve just moved into a new
office. It smells like fresh paint when we open the door, half the desks are
made, and we’re waiting for carpeting in our screening room. All of it coming
together in due course.

It’s at times like these that its most necessary to sit down and organize
one’s thoughts.

For months we’ve been building our original 3D character brand, made up of our
cute clay dinosaurs. We’ve had success thus far, and now we are moving into
the next phase of our growth.

Thinking about how we grow is the fundamental question. For months we’ve
iterated around a variety of original strategies. Some have stuck, and others
have led us down rabbit holes comprised of dozens of meetings and many hours
of research. Going through this exercise is not time lost, but necessary
planning.

Now, sitting here, smelling the paint and building desks, feels like the right
time to put it all down. So, let’s start by framing where Claynosaurz lives
and competes the entertainment sector.

## **Where does the industry stand today?**

The entertainment industry has shifted dramatically in the last ten years with
the advent of on-demand streaming, social media, and lower production costs.
Consumers have more choice than ever before, and anyone can produce and post
their own content with just their phone. This has led to a hyper-competitive
environment in the industry.

This trend is accelerating. Here’s a chart of the share prices of Disney,
Warner Brothers, Paramount, Lionsgate and AMC over the last five years:

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F255e6cee695da95a83d1228527688db7eed80073-1127x324.jpg%3Fw%3D1127%26h%3D324&w=2048&q=75)Forget
all the fancy lines and charting, let me zoom in for you!

There’s a real struggle. Streaming services have performed better over that
period, but the quality of content is quickly falling apart. How many of us
spend more time browsing than watching content? And how often is that content
disappointing? We call this _The Race to the Bottom_.

Before we get to the solutions, we must ask ourselves, how can these studio
giants be lost? It seems odd that such a vast pool of resources, both in terms
of talent and capital, would be getting this so wrong.

## **Old Entertainment Oligopoly Paradigm**

Motion pictures were a massive step forward for the entertainment sector.
Before this time entertainment was limited to live shows: dancing and singing,
comedic performance, and musicians. Motion pictures were to entertainment what
the moon landing was to space exploration. A big step forward, but
inaccessible to the average person.

In the 1920s, movie studios developed as large corporations to amass the
resources needed to produce and distribute motion pictures. This was the only
way to produce film, as costs were too high for individuals to pursue this
format. Up until the 21st century, not much had changed. So much so that only
a handful of large studios existed. We all remember the beginning of each film
in the ’90s — Disney’s castle, 20th Century Fox’s big block letters and sky
lights, Universal’s globe, Lionsgate’s roaring lion… Not much else.

Large studios were the only producers of movies due to the cost to develop and
distribute this media. This led to an oligopoly. Without competition there is
no meritocracy, and studios didn’t need to produce a stream of great content.
Whatever was produced would have some level of marginal success.

> **In any sector, the closer you get to a monopoly, the further you get from
> innovation. There is no need to sink money and time into research and
> development, for there are no competitors chasing your tail.** ― Andrew
> Pelekis, CEO

In any sector, the closer you get to a monopoly, the further you get from
innovation. There is no need to sink money and time into research and
development, for there are no competitors chasing your tail. This leads to
complacency. If you don’t believe me, you don’t need to look back too far for
an example. Netflix revolutionized distribution, the studios watched for
years, so much so that not only did they choose not to compete, but they also
licensed their own products to Netflix itself. They fed the very beast with
whom they’d one day find themselves toe-to-toe.  
  
**What’s Changed?**

We boil it down to three fundamental changes over the last 20-or-so years:

**1\. Lower costs** : Production and distribution costs are now so low that
any of us can film and post content with the phones we have in our pockets.
This introduces a much more competitive environment, one where a short clip
recorded at near-zero cost can accrue as much viewership as a movie with a
$100m production budget.

**2\. Distribution diversity:** There are numerous avenues by which the
consumer can be entertained. Social media, streaming services, gaming,
podcasts. Not so long ago, we were limited to linear television and cinema.
The ability to choose what we wanted to watch on demand was limited to
Blockbuster.

**3\. Gaming:** The improvement in quality and accessibility to gaming has
engaged users in a more dynamic matter, which results in a higher level of
satisfaction. Younger generations spend more time on games than other
entertainment. The quick feedback loop and instant gratification results in
strong retention.  

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F2dc1f8f05d8451b81bf8d6fd360dec1669060706-1400x787.webp%3Fw%3D1400%26h%3D787&w=2048&q=75)Source:
Newzoo Consumer Research

  
We believe that these changes mean that there is a necessary shift in the
approach to curating and building an entertainment brand. Let’s draw the
entertainment landscape broadly, based on content type:  
  
_Gaming_ is at the top of the innovation curve. It has remained competitive
since its inception, with more new entrants every year. This has resulted in
innovation and development of games that truly attract and nurture their
users.

_Micro-Visual Entertainment_ is the name we give short burst clips that users
scroll through infinitely. These live on social media and open-sharing
platforms like TikTok. These platforms are designed to accrue value for
themselves. They spit out distribution at lightning speed to the consumer,
relying on volume for retention. This serves platform but does not cater to
brand building.

  
There are success stories at the creator level, but these are few and far
between. Most often, their strategy relies on competing by creating a
voluminous body of low-quality content and hoping to go viral. This is a tough
model to replicate, and even for those that do go viral, retention is very
difficult.  
  
_Visual Storytelling_ has taken a back seat to these other categories. Within
this category there is an oversaturation of reality TV, which we qualify as
everything from contestant-based competition shows all the way to YouTube
vlogs. Certainly, some of this content is entertaining, but it’s the product
of unscripted, quick production with the intent of getting to market quickly
and cheaply. We believe this is due to a higher level of competition; and it
has led to a slew of lower quality content.

There are few high-quality entertainment brands being built out of these
dynamics in the story telling category. Higher quality comes from planning;
that is, scripts, storyboards, and intent. There are shows and movies being
created, but average quality has dissipated, and successful content is born
out of a wide-net approach that is too costly to remain sustainable.

While a high-quality approach requires more resources, there is space to move
up the quality curve at a pace that is more reasonable, somewhere in between
the unplanned iPhone vlog and studio production quality content.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F1882cff4b023e397b1f85b32f0b75ab314b2dbfc-1238x807.webp%3Fw%3D1238%26h%3D807&w=2048&q=75)

We believe there is an opportunity to reinvigorate high-quality _Visual
Storytelling_ , through a community driven approach. This being an
intermediary step that allows the brand to invest only the resources it needs
to get to an earlier version of its product, testing the content early.
Successful testing leads to an initial fanbase and early adoption. This is the
Community Driven content approach.

We will get into a pointed discussion about early testing and community
building, but before we do that, we want to succinctly describe the most
important considerations for the new paradigm.

## **New Entertainment Paradigm**

**1\. Shorter attention span:** With far more options at their fingertips,
consumers quickly click from one social media app to another, from one
streaming service to another. _Micro-Visual Entertainment_ has users scrolling
for hours with algorithmically generated content. If attention is not captured
quickly, the user moves on.

**2\. Interactive:** Users are veering towards more time spent on video games
at a younger age and onwards. The ability to interact, rather than sit and
watch, means that users engage differently. There is more satisfaction for the
user. Interactive elements give a sense of control through instant action-
reaction loops.

**3\. Multi-platform:** Options are no longer limited to one TV channel or
another, or the pick of a movie at Blockbuster. There are multiple social
media apps, streaming services, and video games. Entertainment brands should
be considering their existence across all these platforms. Alternatively, they
should consider existing on a platform that is capable of retention relative
to other platforms.

**4\. Marketing pull (rather than push):** The days of commercials in between
shows, and trailers at the beginning of movies are long gone. We often search
for what we’ll watch next by quickly glancing at vignettes across Netflix or
Prime. Marketing cannot be pushed in front of consumers; it needs to call to
them. Pulling consumers towards your brand is a matter of quality and word-of-
mouth marketing.

Solving for these four things we believe the best approach is a content
platform, one that captures attention quickly, offers the ability to be
interactive and includes multiple interaction points. If this is done well and
the content is shareable — that is, the quality is strong enough and speaks to
a wide audience — then it will pull consumers in.

This is a platform that competes at the same level: as an icon on your home
screen, rather than a vignette on an ever-changing carousel, that is dictated
by an algorithm that you can, at best, “game”. Other platforms are generally
distributing a vast array of different content. The platform is branded for
itself. The content sitting inside of them has no advantage and is at the
mercy of what the platform decides. This is where entertainment brands go to
die, where one vignette cycles with another and only lasts on the front page
for a few short days.

Entertainment brands should build platforms where the user is immersed in the
brand itself for the benefit of the brand. Gaming does this well, but _Visual
Storytelling_ does not.

These platforms need to have a retention strategy that does not rely on volume
alone. Distribution platforms compete through sheer volume because they are
loyal to no entertainment brand. The user clicks on the platform’s icon,
hoping to find something great due to the volume available. While big marquee
shows do help with this, there are other ways to supplement retention
strategies.

Gaming does a very good job of this, adding leveling structures, leaderboards,
daily-expiry interactions, and a sense of ownership and pride over your
account or character. There are ways of adding these tools into the
experience, without developing a larger game, but by laying them on top of
video content.  
  
  
  
We’ve laid out our take on the entertainment industry, what adjustments should
be made and where potential opportunities exist.  
  
In Part 2 we will explore specifically where and how we intend to build a
competitive entertainment brand platform for _Visual Storytelling_.

This will lead us into Part 3, where we will explain what we are building.  
  
In Part 4 we will lay out what we believe the future looks like as we adjust
for the new paradigm.

Published by

Andrew Pelekis, CEO

![Avatar of Andrew
Pelekis](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F804ffc87f8176c7e6fd9dd2ec211b40987869360-400x400.jpg%3Fw%3D100%26h%3D100&w=256&q=75)

## Other news

[View all news](/news)

  1. ![One Claynosaur Zoomed into the Fast Lane at the F1 Track teaser image](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F21e5360d669c78df0689589a47d7e868514f0b22-1638x1112.jpg%3Frect%3D0%2C88%2C1638%2C936%26w%3D700%26h%3D400&w=1440&q=75)

17.10.2023

Community

[One Claynosaur Zoomed into the Fast Lane at the F1 Track](/news/one-
claynosaur-zoomed-into-the-fast-lane-at-the-f1-track)

  2. ![A Playful Adventure at the Toy Fair with Claynosaurz teaser image](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fa9c6f870ce0700673617ae6fe92e271db83552b8-2000x1125.jpg%3Frect%3D16%2C0%2C1969%2C1125%26w%3D700%26h%3D400&w=1440&q=75)

03.10.2023

Update

[A Playful Adventure at the Toy Fair with Claynosaurz](/news/a-playful-
adventure-at-the-toy-fair-with-claynosaurz)

  3. ![Sharing a stage with CoreWeave at SIGGRAPH teaser image](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F20ee8f7c6a6f1ad0a27adffe1dd34ee93afa4e04-680x510.jpg%3Frect%3D0%2C109%2C680%2C389%26w%3D700%26h%3D400&w=1440&q=75)

11.08.2023

Partnership

[Sharing a stage with CoreWeave at SIGGRAPH](/news/sharing-a-stage-with-
coreweave-at-siggraph)

**Our partners**

  * [![Metaplex](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fe96b2e29713066eb07ee829abc60187908282f6c-514x48.svg%3Frect%3D161%2C0%2C192%2C48%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.metaplex.com)
  * [![Solana org](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F4cd65b73b5fea76180d8d19bd5b4288ef41d562a-372x61.svg%3Frect%3D64%2C0%2C244%2C61%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.solana.org)
  * [![Tensor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fc81421bc08c270fa07dd946e7acbe67ea9adef7a-4421x992.svg%3Frect%3D227%2C0%2C3968%2C992%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://tensor.trade)
  * [![Conductor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F0d841ce112bd359580f074ae104cd2db0bb5ae52-726x454.svg%3Frect%3D0%2C136%2C726%2C182%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.conductortech.com/coreweave)
  * [![CoreWeave](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F59c99e0266a43add08e3640627df28afdee7f6b7-4578x619.svg%3Frect%3D1051%2C0%2C2476%2C619%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.coreweave.com/)

**About**

  * [ Characters](/characters)
  * [Claynotopia](/claynotopia)
  * [Lore](/lore)

**Collectibles**

  * [ Claynosaurz](/collectibles/claynosaurz)
  * [Call Of Saga](/collectibles/call-of-saga)
  * [Dactyl](/collectibles/dactyl)
  * [Claymaker](/collectibles/claymaker)
  * [Clay](/collectibles/clay)

**Other pages**

  * [ Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Media](/media)
  * [Values & Team](/team)
  * [News](/news)

![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-
logo.png&w=320&q=75)

  * © 2023 Claynosaurz
  * [Press](/press)
  * [Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)
  * [Privacy policy](/privacy-policy)

**Adventure is never really far...**

  * [](https://x.com/claynosaurz "twitter")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/claynosaurz/ "instagram")
  * [](https://discord.gg/claynosaurz "discord")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/@Claynosaurz_Official "youtube")
  * [](https://www.tiktok.com/@claynosaurz "tiktok")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/claynosaurz "linkedin")

