  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Runes Protocol: Explained](/blog/runes-protocol-explained)

##### Blockchain

# Runes Protocol: Explained

Published on: Apr 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is the Runes Protocol?**
  * **How Does Runes Protocol Fit into Bitcoin?**
  * **What Makes Runes Protocol Unique?**
  * **What does Runes Bring to the Bitcoin Ecosystem?**
  * **Runes vs BRC-20**
  * **How to Prepare for The Runes Protocol Launch**

##### In Brief

Learn about Runes Protocol. Set to launch in April 2024, Runes Protocol is the
latest fungible token standard to launch on the Bitcoin network.

![Runes Protocol: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Frunes_protocol_explained_4e96f0a468.png&w=3840&q=75)

As the much anticipated [Bitcoin Halving](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-
is-the-bitcoin-halving) approaches, the crypto landscape is poised to welcome
a new player. Enter Runes Protocol, a revolutionary fungible token standard
designed to operate directly on the Bitcoin network. This innovative protocol
promises to expand the functionality of Bitcoin by allowing users to create
and manage their own fungible tokens, similar to how Ethereum facilitates
token creation.

This article explores the intricacies of Runes Protocol, comparing it with
Ordinals and exploring its symbiotic relationship with Bitcoin.

### Before You Get Started

Before you dive deeper into learning about Runes Protocol, remember that you
can buy, swap, send or receive crypto using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is the Runes Protocol?

The Runes Protocol is a new token standard for issuing fungible tokens on the
Bitcoin network. Runes Protocol seeks to give users a more efficient way of
creating fungible tokens. Developed by Casey Rodarmor, the mastermind behind
the Ordinal Protocol, Runes Protocol is a streamlined, efficient alternative
to the earlier [BRC-20 token](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-
to-brc-20) standard.

Runes Protocol leverages the Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO) model already
inherent to Bitcoin. This UTXO-based approach allows Runes to create fungible
tokens with a significantly smaller footprint on the blockchain.

In essence, Runes acts as a layer on top of Bitcoin, enabling users to create
and manage various types of fungible tokens directly within the Bitcoin
ecosystem. These tokens could represent anything from loyalty points and
community currencies to fractional ownership of real-world assets. By
simplifying the token creation process and ensuring compatibility with
Bitcoin's security infrastructure, Runes opens up exciting possibilities for
expanding the utility and reach of the Bitcoin network.

## How Does Runes Protocol Fit into Bitcoin?

Runes Protocol seamlessly integrates into the existing Bitcoin network, acting
as a complementary layer that unlocks new functionalities, without
compromising Bitcoin's core principles. While Bitcoin primarily operates on a
numerical sequencing model for transaction validation and data management,
Runes Protocol introduces a novel approach through symbolic representations.

The integration occurs at various levels within the Bitcoin network. Runes
Protocol enhances Bitcoin's transactional capacity by introducing symbolic
representations of data within Bitcoin transactions. This abstraction layer
not only boosts privacy and security, but also enables the encoding of more
complex data structures within the Bitcoin blockchain.

By relying on Bitcoin's UTXO system, Runes inherits the robust security
features already established within the network. This ensures that Runes
tokens benefit from the same level of security as Bitcoin itself

Runes Protocol acts as an extension of Bitcoin's capabilities, enabling the
creation of innovative financial instruments, without compromising the core
strengths of the underlying network. With its efficient design and seamless
integration, Runes Protocol has the potential to become a game-changer for the
future of Bitcoin.

## What Makes Runes Protocol Unique?

In the realm of token creation on Bitcoin, Runes Protocol emerges as a beacon
of innovation. Here's why it stands out:

### UTXO efficiency

Unlike some methods that burden the blockchain with bulky data, Runes
leverages the existing UTXO model, a cornerstone of Bitcoin transactions. This
minimizes the data footprint of Runes tokens, ensuring they don't contribute
to blockchain bloat – a major concern for Bitcoin's scalability.

### Bitcoin security

By utilizing UTXOs, Runes tokens inherit the robust security mechanisms that
Bitcoin has established over time. Runes tokens will benefit from the same
level of security as Bitcoin.

### Streamlined user experience

Compared to more intricate protocols, Runes offers a user-friendly approach to
token creation. This increased accessibility encourages greater developer
participation, resulting in a broader array of tokens being developed. This
lower barrier to entry could unlock a wave of new applications and projects
within the Bitcoin ecosystem.

### Compatibility with existing infrastructure

Runes seamlessly integrates with the tools and wallets already used in the
Bitcoin ecosystem. This eliminates the need for additional infrastructure or
complex workarounds.

## What does Runes Bring to the Bitcoin Ecosystem?

Runes brings a unique approach to creating fungible tokens on the Bitcoin
network. Its user-friendly approach to creating tokens lowers the barrier to
entry, potentially sparking a wave of new projects on Bitcoin.

Runes is built with efficiency in mind. By leveraging Bitcoin's existing UTXO
model, Runes keeps its data footprint small, contributing to a smoother-
running and more scalable network. The benefits extend beyond efficiency.
Runes unlocks new possibilities for Bitcoin's utility by promoting and
improving user adoption. This broader range of applications could attract a
whole new wave of users to Bitcoin.

While the protocol is still in development, Runes' potential to revolutionize
token creation and data management on Bitcoin is undeniable. Its arrival on
the scene, coinciding with the Bitcoin halving, adds another layer of intrigue
to the future of Bitcoin.

## Runes vs BRC-20

While both Runes and BRC-20 allow for creating fungible tokens on
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet), they take very different
approaches. Here's how they stack up:

  * **Blockchain efficiency:** Runes leverages Bitcoin's existing UTXO model, keeping its data footprint small. BRC-20, on the other hand, is based on the Ordinal Theory, which requires complex procedures. This can lead to bloating the blockchain with unnecessary data.

  * **Ease of use:** Runes boasts a simpler system that integrates with existing Bitcoin tools. BRC-20 relies on Ordinals, a more complex technical concept requiring additional knowledge.

  * **Security:** Runes has a built-in mechanism to eliminate poorly formed tokens, promoting a cleaner and safer environment. BRC-20's issuance process can lead to "junk data" on the blockchain.

![runes-protocol-explained-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Frunes_protocol_explained_1_5e1a7a2f4d.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Prepare for The Runes Protocol Launch

As we approach the launch of the Runes Protocol, you can prepare in the
following ways:

  * Set up a Bitcoin wallet, like Trust Wallet, that’s compatible with Runes.

  * Make sure you have some Bitcoin in your [Bitcoin wallet](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet). Runes runs on the Bitcoin network, this means you need to have some Bitcoin in your wallet to pay for transaction fees when buying or sending Runes.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

