[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage __
  * ... __
  * How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?

The Classroom

PATHWAY J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage

chapter 4/4

# How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?

Nov 23, 2023 | **Updated Feb 1, 2024**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20Does%20A%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-does-a-crypto-
wallet-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work&title=How%20Does%20A%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

![Black closed belt on a black background.](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/Security_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— A crypto wallet generates and stores public and private keys, enabling users
to create blockchain accounts and manage assets. At the heart of it is Public
Key Cryptography (PKC) which enables secure crypto transactions.  
  
— How crypto wallets secure your private keys can differ; software wallets
store them on your host device; whereas hardware wallets store them in chips
isolated from the internet.  
  
— Where your private keys are stored and how your wallet accesses them affects
your security—So knowing how a wallet works is extremely important for the
safety of your crypto.  
  
There’s a lot more to how crypto wallets than you might think. While you might
already be familiar with terms like private and public keys, there’s a lot
more happening behind the scenes.

From a network’s underlying infrastructure, to how you confirm
transactions—every piece of the puzzle is crucial.

Understanding these cryptographic keys is undeniably vital, but the type of
wallet you choose significantly influences how these keys work to execute
transactions too. Whether you use a physical hardware wallet or a software
wallet on your web2 device, understanding how they handle transactions is
imperative. It could make or break the security of your accounts!

So, whether you’re new to the world of crypto or just curious about how these
wallets operate, you may want to get your head around how different wallets
process transactions.

From hardware to software wallets, let’s dissect the intricacies of how crypto
wallets work, and help you protect your assets effectively.

## **Understanding Crypto Wallets: The Blockchain Tech**

On a very simple level, a crypto wallet acts as a user interface, allowing you
to send, receive, and manage the assets you are storing on the blockchain. And
it does so by storing your private keys. These keys allow you to sign
transactions, proving to the blockchain’s nodes that each transaction is
authentic.

As you might already know, most crypto wallets use an HD structure, meaning
you can create and manage a near-infinite number of accounts using a single
wallet. Plus, they usually supply you with a Secret recovery phrase in the
initiation process, a single mnemonic that allows you to restore all of your
accounts with any compatible wallet provider.

But of course, there’s a bit more to it than that. Each wallet generates and
stores private keys slightly differently and this greatly affects how they
operate. Beyond that,  they don’t just rely on blockchain tech, but on
software and hardware too. So how does a crypto wallet process a transaction
exactly?

## How Does a Crypto Wallet Execute Transactions?

In a generic sense, a crypto wallet simply provides a way for a user to
initialize, sign, and then broadcast the transaction to the network. It also
stores private keys and allows the user to access them, hopefully, without
revealing them to any malicious onlookers in the process.

Here’s a step-by-step process of how a crypto wallet works in practice:

  1. You initialize a transaction via the wallet’s interface
  2. The interface presents you with the “intent”, a digital proposal with the details of your potential transaction
  3. You press confirm on the wallet interface 
  4. The wallet uses your private key to sign the transaction
  5. The signed transaction is sent to the network via an internet connection.

However, even within this framework, crypto wallets all behave a little
differently depending on their underlying tech. To understand how let’s look
at each type of crypto wallet and how their different processes vary.

## **How Does a Software Wallet Work?**

So firstly, if you don’t know [what a software wallet
is](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet),
make sure you check out the full article. But essentially software wallets
operate via software that you must download and install on your web2 device,
such as a smartphone or laptop. These wallets are free and easy to install so
tend to be very popular.

Let’s see how the crypto transaction process works with a software wallet:

  1. **You initialize the transaction from your wallet’s interface**
  2. **The interface provides you with the intent.**  
However, this intent is presented to you via the screen of your internet-
connected device. This means the display of your transaction details can
potentially be tampered with by hackers. In this sense, a software wallet can
never offer you absolute certainty about what you are signing.

  3. **You press confirm to approve the transaction  **
  4. **The software wallet signs the transaction using the private key stored on the host device.**  
In doing so, your software wallet accesses and uses that private key while
your host device is connected to the internet. This is a potential threat, as
the host device—your laptop or smartphone—is vulnerable to malware and
spyware. Yes, if you use these types of wallets a hacker can extract your
private keys. Or, they can even tamper with your screen to lure you into
accepting a malicious transaction.

  5. **The software wallet uses the internet connection of its host device to broadcast the signed transaction.**

## **How Does a Hardware Wallet Work?**

[A hardware wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet) is
a physical device that keeps your private keys secured in an offline
environment. These wallets physically store your private keys within a chip
inside the device. The beauty of using a hardware wallet is the security it
provides to your private keys. Signing offline means your private keys remain
out of reach of hackers, even as you’re transacting.

To operate, it needs a connection to a separate device, such as a smartphone
or laptop, where you can install its companion software. This is what allows
you to send transactions via the internet even though your hardware wallet
does not connect to the internet itself.

To understand the process fully, let’s explore how a hardware wallet processes
a transaction:

  1. **You initialize the transaction from your wallet’s interface, the companion software you have installed on your internet-connected device**
  2. **The interface provides you with the intent**.  
This is shown on your internet-connected device’s screen  
  3. **You confirm the transaction using the interface on your internet-connected device and then authenticate the transaction by physically confirming it on your hardware device**.  
This acts as a form of 2FA to guarantee that only someone with physical access
to the device can execute a transaction. That means hardware wallets must also
employ measures to protect users from thieves and physical hackers.

  4. **The hardware wallet signs the transaction using the private key stored in its chip**  
Your hardware wallet stores your private keys on its computer chip. When you
confirm a transaction on the device it can use your private key to sign the
transaction. However, it does so offline within the device’s chip, away from
an internet connection. This keeps them protected from potential onlookers
using spyware on your laptop or smartphone.

  5. **The hardware device sends the signed transaction to your internet-connected device via Bluetooth or USB-C cable, and then broadcasts it to the blockchain.**  
An already signed transaction is safe to send through a potentially insecure
channel. So from there, your interface can send the transaction to the
network’s nodes for validation.

However, it’s important to note that not all chip types offer the same level
of security. To clarify, hardware wallet hacks do happen. And often, unaudited
chips are to blame. A wallet is only as secure as its security model—more
specifically as its embedded software stack and hardware components.

So with that in mind, how do Ledger devices work?

## **How Does a Ledger Crypto Wallet Work?**

Well, Ledger devices contain many components and features that set them apart
from other devices on the market. Plus Ledger’s battle-tested security model
extends much further than its devices too. All pieces of the Ledger ecosystem,
from the device’s OS and embedded apps to the companion app Ledger Live, work
together to keep your assets safe. And they all contribute to your security
throughout each transaction. Let’s first explore how your Ledger wallet stays
secure.

### **PIN code**

The only way to unlock a ledger device and use it to sign transactions is
through a PIN code. Plus, only one person will ever know the PIN. The only way
to create it is when setting up a new Ledger device. Essentially, it
guarantees that no one other than the wallet’s owner can execute a
transaction. This keeps your wallet safe from thieves who could potentially
gain physical access to your device.

### **Secure Element**

Ledger distinguishes itself from other hardware devices through its key
security component: the chip. All Ledger devices contain a component known as
a [Secure Element](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-secure-element-
whistanding-security-attacks). This high-security computer chip is so safe
it’s the same chip you will find in your bank card and biometric passport.
This chip is practically tamper-proof and protects against countless hacks. It
also runs the embedded apps you install on your device and stores your private
keys.

### **Trusted Display and Physical confirmation**

Ledger devices also feature a Trusted Display, a tamper-proof screen isolated
from the internet connection. The screen enables you to verify the full
details of your transaction instead of trusting the screen of your internet-
connected device before physically verifying the transaction using the two
buttons on the device.

### **Operating system**

Ledger has developed a custom OS called [Blockchain Open Ledger Operating
System or BOLOS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/our-custom-operating-
system-bolos). This OS ensures all the applications on your device operate
separately from one another. This means that there is no single point of
failure within the wallet.

Moreover, it’s Ledger’s OS that mandates a physical confirmation for each
cryptocurrency transaction. This means nobody can ever transact without your
knowledge. Only you can confirm each transaction, and you must do so
physically with your device.

### **Ledger Live: A Secure Companion App**

Ledger devices connect to your host device via Ledger Live, a secure companion
app. This piece of software is installed on your smartphone or laptop and
allows you to initiate transactions and communicate with the blockchain. While
your Ledger device handles signing transactions offline and keeping your
private keys safe, Ledger Live is responsible for granting you access to apps
and services. And, of course, it also delivers your device the latest security
updates. To guarantee your security, Ledger Live is able to verify your device
is authentic. Plus, every app within Ledger Live comes with a clear signing
plugin. In short, this plugin guarantees that you can read each transaction in
human-readable language—ensuring you don’t sign away your assets without
knowing it. Simply, Ledger Live is the perfect companion app for your Ledger
device: secure, accessible, and easy to use.

## **Example of How Ledger Devices Work**

So now you understand how Ledger wallets are unique, let’s see how these
pieces work in practice

  1. **You initialize the transaction via the Ledger Live App  
** Ledger Live is the companion app for Ledger devices that allows you to
initialize transactions.  From this single app, you can also access countless
blockchain apps and services. You can only initiate transactions if you
connect your device securely. The added security feature of a PIN code
guarantees that even someone with physical access to your device cannot access
your funds.

  2. **Ledger Live provides you with the intent, which you can then confirm or reject**
  3. **When you confirm the transaction via Ledger Live it will prompt you to approve the action physically on your Ledger device**  
At this point, the destination address is also shown on your Ledger’s trusted
display. This allows you to double-check that the destination address on your
hardware wallet matches your host device. This way, no one can trick you with
malware on the latter. To clarify, your Ledger device (including its trusted
display) is practically un-hackable, so you can trust the transaction details
it shows.  
  
Confirming the transaction physically on the device guarantees that only
someone with physical access to your device can confirm a transaction. Only
you can unlock your device with the PINcode, so no one can access your funds
remotely.

  4. **The transaction is signed using your private key stored in the secure element.**  
The transaction is signed in the Secure Element chip, a completely offline
environment. This guarantees that your private keys stay safe from potential
onlookers via spyware on your internet-connected device. Plus, the secure
element is also tamper-proof, serving as another layer of security against
physical hacks.

  5. Y**our Ledger device sends the signed transaction to your internet-connected device via Bluetooth or USB-C cable, which then broadcasts it to the blockchain.**  
Ledger Live also checks the authenticity of your device, meaning that if your
device has been tampered with, you will be able to tell. That means you can
send transactions from your Ledger device to the blockchain with confidence.

## **You’re Only as Secure as Your Crypto Wallet**

Because remember, you’re only as safe as your crypto wallet—and by extension
the secret recovery phrase that protects it. No matter how you’re interacting
with that ecosystem – whether it’s exploring dApps and DeFi, or strictly
trading crypto– it’s important to understand what happens each time you hit
confirm.

That’s why choosing the right crypto wallet is so important, and why Ledger
takes security seriously.

Malicious actors will always be looking for potential vulnerabilities. That’s
why Ledger’s security team, the [Ledger
Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-ledger-donjon), constantly
tests the security level of devices; rolling out updates to fix any
vulnerabilities and build stronger security measures for the wider ecosystem
too.

In short, Ledger devices keep your private keys safe and give you agency over
your own assets. Meanwhile, the wider Ledger ecosystem gives you the option to
buy, swap, stake, and manage your crypto holdings securely. Essentially,
Ledger gives you the possibility to be in control of your digital life.

So why wait? Start exploring web3 from the safety of the Ledger Ecosystem,
where only YOU control what happens to your crypto.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20Does%20A%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-does-a-crypto-
wallet-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work&title=How%20Does%20A%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=7fab0626-3c61-4d23-ba6f-d8ffa5d2b674&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=d294400a-8a7e-47b9-a240-7d94d0c6409d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=7fab0626-3c61-4d23-ba6f-d8ffa5d2b674&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=d294400a-8a7e-47b9-a240-7d94d0c6409d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=1be15157-1bd6-4e60-adce-b2e1d9b56d8c&sid=f59327201cfc11ef937179bb815c7fc5&vid=f59335101cfc11ef9f99d9b9e3d08112&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=How%20Does%20A%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work&r=&lt=2287&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=883008)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A05%20GMT&n=0&b=How%20Does%20A%20Crypto%20Wallet%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-crypto-wallet-work&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

