[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-announces-ledger-enterprise-
tradelink) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog
posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise") | 06/28/2023 

# Ledger Announces Ledger Enterprise TRADELINK

Ledger brings core tech and governance to help institutions manage crypto
trading risk and regulation with custodial trading solutions.

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-announces-ledger-enterprise-
tradelink) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog
posts")

Today, we are proud to announce that Ledger is entering the institutional
trading technology market with the first open network to enable custodial
trading via exchange and custodial partners. This solution will provide
unparalleled control, security, flexibility, and transparent governance over
an enterprise’s digital asset trading. With its technology foundation and
security infrastructure at its core, Ledger is developing a more secure and
regulation-friendly environment for institutional trading, enhancing control
and ownership, while significantly diminishing the risk of counterparty
failures.

In the current crypto landscape, there is a growing need to mitigate third-
party risk exposure amidst security and regulatory concerns. Ledger is rolling
out a solution designed to meet this need with flexibility, risk management,
and regulatory compliance at the forefront. Ledger’s technology eliminates
network lock-in risks, granting enterprises access to Ledger’s extensive
global network of custodians and exchanges – or allowing seamless integration
with preferred counterparties. With this, Ledger is empowering asset managers,
custodians, and exchanges to navigate the ever-changing regulatory and overall
market landscape with confidence.

Ledger Enterprise TRADELINK will enable:

  * **  Off-exchange trading**: Benefit from the security of Ledger technology and the assurance from regulated custodians while accessing exchanges & OTC brokers like Crypto.com, Bitstamp, Huobi, Uphold, CEX.IO, Wintermute, Coinsquare, NDAX, Damex, Bitazza, Flowdesk, YouHodler combining deep liquidity with industry-leading secure custody.
  * **Enhanced security and transparency** : Ledger’s unique shared governance framework allows improved security and transparency across the network. Utilizing Ledger’s fully transparent technology, it enables real-time tracking of collateral balances and operational status for all participants. This creates a robust and open network, founded on a trustless model to instill unwavering confidence.
  * **Distribution of Risk** : Ledger provides an open governance framework where participants can join or build a network of trading counterparties. This allows fund managers to seamlessly manage their crypto assets and collateral across multiple custodial partners to effectively distribute their risk. _  And because it’s an open network, they won’t experience any network lock-in_.
  * **Streamlined operations** : Simplify your workflow by leveraging Ledger’s turnkey technology infrastructure to manage and execute crypto settlement (programmatically or manually) across parties, increasing efficiency and reducing operational risks.
  * **Zero transaction fees** : Ledger is a technology provider, not a financial intermediary. Ledger will not charge transaction fees, ensuring predictable operational costs and effortless budgeting to simplify your financial planning process.
  * **Faster and more efficient trading** : Pledge assets directly from your preferred custodian,  reducing costs and time of processing multiple transactions. Experience significant savings on transaction fees and an 80% average time reduction by eliminating the need to transfer assets between multiple exchanges.

“We are creating a future-proof solution that will give Ledger Enterprise
customers flexibility and security allowing institutions to de-risk their
businesses. For almost a decade, Ledger has been building security and
governance solutions for the crypto ecosystem. It is this core security
foundation that can now be used to reduce counterparty risk and enable
custodial trading for institutional investors” said Sebastien Badault, VP of
Enterprise Revenue at Ledger. “By unlocking better trading options for
enterprises, we are empowering asset managers, custodians, and exchanges to
navigate the changing landscape with confidence while making the whole
ecosystem a safer and more transparent place.”

At launch, partners will include asset managers such as Hodl Group, digital
asset trading and orchestration platforms such as Wyden, regulated custodians
such as Komainu, TetraTrust, Etana, Crypto Garage, Damex, Kryptodian as well
as exchanges, OTC brokers/providers and platform partners such as Crypto.com,
Bitstamp, Huobi, Uphold Institutional, CEX.IO, Wintermute, Coinsquare, NDAX,
Damex, Bitazza, Flowdesk, YouHodler and will be in early stage access to all
Ledger Enterprise clients at no additional cost, with more to follow.

_“Ledger’s innovative Trading Operation technology not only heightens
security, but also fosters a regulation-friendly landscape for institutional
trading,” says Eric Anziani, President & COO, Crypto.com. “We are proud to be
part of Ledger’s open network project and excited to offer Crypto.com
Exchange’s state-of-the-art trading architecture with robust API connectivity
and deep liquidity to Ledger Enterprise clients via TRADELINK.”_

_“In our role as an OTC provider, we understand the importance of establishing
trust in the evolving world of institutional crypto trading. Our goal is to
lead by example, implementing solutions that build trust, enhance transparency
and promote accountability in everything we do. Our collaboration with
TRADELINK signifies our unwavering commitment to regulatory compliance,
positioning us alongside other innovative companies in driving a sustainable
and forward-looking digital asset industry.” Marina Gurevich, Chief Operating
Officer – Wintermute_

For more information or to sign up, go to
<https://enterprise.ledger.com/tradelink>

_List of Ledger Enterprise TRADELINK partners:  _

_Wyden, CEX.IO, Komainu, TetraTrust, Etana, Wintermute, Coinsquare, Bitstamp,
Crypto.com, Uphold, Huobi, NDAX, Crypto Garage, Damex, Bitazza, Kryptodian,
Hodl Group, Flowdesk, YouHodler._

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-from-
ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s
CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 05/28/2024 

Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gaut...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-
from-ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From
Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=ae8d4c5f-cc15-4f16-b158-486e8f6061f4&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ee169ae0-669e-4c98-b687-5b6f188ff732&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
announces-ledger-enterprise-
tradelink&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=ae8d4c5f-cc15-4f16-b158-486e8f6061f4&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ee169ae0-669e-4c98-b687-5b6f188ff732&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
announces-ledger-enterprise-
tradelink&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=3f10e707-6693-43fd-99f3-309afd8b479a&sid=ba827f201cfd11ef8ca159b91d2e7b4d&vid=ba8274801cfd11efb669c9aec3e6881d&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ledger%20Announces%20Ledger%20Enterprise%20TRADELINK%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fledger-
announces-ledger-enterprise-tradelink&r=&lt=2679&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=280846)

