Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Metaco Harmonize™ Underpins DZ BANK’s Digital Asset Custody Solution

 _One of Germany’s largest banking groups goes live with its Digital Asset
Custody platform for institutional clients, underpinned by Metaco’s technology
infrastructure._

  * __ November 3, 2023
  *  __6 min

Learn more

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdz-bank-goes-live-custody-harmonize%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdz-bank-goes-live-custody-harmonize%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

In the ever-evolving financial landscape, the convergence of traditional
banking and blockchain technology has opened doors to new opportunities.[DZ
BANK AG](https://www.dzbank.com/), the central institution to the Volksbanken
Raiffeisenbanken cooperative financial network and one of the largest banking
groups in Germany, has embraced this transformation, pioneering innovative
digital asset use cases over the past years. We are thrilled to share that our
digital asset custody and orchestration platform, Harmonize™, has played a
pivotal role in empowering the launch of DZ BANK’s institutional digital asset
custody offering, which recently went live. This cooperation signifies a major
milestone in the journey towards merging traditional finance with the digital
asset economy.

DZ BANK, a BaFin regulated financial institution and a leading custody
provider in Germany, has always prioritized regulatory compliance and
security. The bank recognized the potential of digital assets and embarked on
a journey to create a secure, compliant and scalable solution for
institutional clients in the space of crypto securities and digital
currencies.

DZ BANK’s commitment to blockchain technology was evident from their
involvement in custody transactions under the Electronic Securities Act (eWpG)
and the issuance of a tokenized bond by Siemens, demonstrating their
pioneering spirit in the digital asset space.

[As initially announced in February 2023](https://www.metaco.com/press-
release/dzbank-metaco-strategic-cooperation-digitalasset-custody-
tokenization/), Metaco Harmonize™ was the chosen infrastructure platform to
bring DZ BANK’s vision to life. The decision came after an extensive proof-of-
concept and diligence process that evaluated the platform, which concluded
that Harmonize is perfectly aligned with DZ BANK’s requirements around
security, scalability and optionality for adapting fast to any changes in the
future.

### **Taking a top-tier bank live in less than 10 months**

With assets under custody of more than EUR 300 billion, DZ BANK is the third-
largest depositary in Germany and the largest among German depositaries.

After months of meticulous planning and implementation, DZ BANK made the
groundbreaking announcement of the go-live of its commercial digital asset
custody offering for institutions in November 2023 ([link to the bank’s
official press release](https://www.dzbank.de/content/dzbank/de/home/die-dz-
bank/presse/pressemitteilungen/2023/kryptoassets--dz-bank-startet-eigene-
digitalverwahrplattform-.html)), marking a significant milestone as the bank
becomes one of the first regulated banks in Germany to launch such an offering
for institutional customers.

The bank is now able to hold digital financial instruments, both for its own
operations as well as on behalf of its institutional clients. In a first step,
DZ BANK is now able to settle and hold crypto securities as regulated under
German Electronic Securities act. One of the first use cases was to transfer
[the Siemens tokenized
bond](https://press.siemens.com/global/en/pressrelease/siemens-issues-first-
digital-bond-blockchain), in which DZ BANK and [Union
Investment](https://www.metaco.com/talks/framework-asset-management-token-
economy-unioninvestment-intas/) both invested in about half a year ago, into
its own custody solution. In order to offer custody services on its platform
also for cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin in the future, DZ BANK applied for a
crypto custody license from the German Federal Financial Supervisory Authority
(BaFin) in June 2023.

Moreover, the bank is actively participating in the exploration phase of the
European Central Bank (ECB) in settling large-volume capital market
transactions into central bank money, demonstrating its commitment to
advancing the financial ecosystem.

Metaco is proud to have played a role in powering DZ BANK’s digital asset
custody platform. Our state-of-the-art software infrastructure is at the heart
of this transformative journey, aligning seamlessly with DZ BANK’s vision for
a secure, regulated, and scalable digital asset custody ecosystem.

The cooperation between DZ BANK and Metaco marks a significant milestone in
the journey toward merging traditional finance with the digital asset economy.
DZ BANK’s go-live announcement for its institutional digital asset custody
offering is a testament to the successful relationship between two entities
that prioritize regulatory compliance, security, and innovation.

We are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead and look forward to
continuing our support for financial institutions as they navigate the
exciting world of digital assets. Together, we are forging a path towards a
future where traditional banking and decentralized finance coexist, providing
clients with the best of both worlds.

For more details on DZ BANK’s momentous announcement, please refer to their
official [press release in
German.](https://www.dzbank.de/content/dzbank/de/home/die-dz-
bank/presse/pressemitteilungen/2023/kryptoassets--dz-bank-startet-eigene-
digitalverwahrplattform-.html)

Stay tuned for further updates and reach out to us to learn more about our
pioneering digital asset management platform.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/metaco-dz-bank-
ceremony.png?x88149)

February 2023, taken during the press release announcing Metaco being selected
by DZ BANK. From left to right: Olaf Liebeskind – IT, Project Lead Digital
Custody at DZ BANK; Kolja Gerlach –Operations, Project Lead Digital Custody at
DZ BANK; Nils Christopeit – Operations, Lead Solution Design Digital Custody
at DZ BANK; Craig Perrin – Chief Sales Officer at Metaco; Thomas Pecha – Sales
Director DACH & CEE at Metaco; Johannes Kaske – Global Head of Solutions at
Metaco.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

