[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vYWxwaW5lLTIwMjMtZXNwb3J0cy1zZXJpZXMtLXBvd2VyZWQtYnktYmluYW5jZS0xODQ2Mjk4NjU1NTU2MjA2Mzk%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vYWxwaW5lLTIwMjMtZXNwb3J0cy1zZXJpZXMtLXBvd2VyZWQtYnktYmluYW5jZS0xODQ2Mjk4NjU1NTU2MjA2Mzk%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Alpine 2023 Esports Series — Powered by Binance

2023-04-25

## Main Takeaways

  * The Alpine 2023 Esports Series qualifiers will take place from March 27 to April 9.

  * The 35 fastest racers will advance to a three-round race that will be streamed exclusively on Twitch. 

  * Viewers who catch the livestream will have a chance to score a free randomly generated NFT Gift  Box, with four varying rarity levels.

_It’s time for racers and racing fans to gear up for the ultimate sim racing
competition!_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230421/a9be3cfb-731a-47ed-b5cf-753a1d05408e.png)

Start your engines! The Alpine 2023 Esports Series qualifiers will commence on
March 23, inviting the fastest simulation racers from 10 countries to compete
in the Alpine A110 GT4 on the PC version of Assetto Corsa Competizione.

The top 35 racers with the quickest times will then battle it out in a three-
round race consisting of six laps. The fastest sim racer can then claim their
share of a $60,000 token prize pool.

But that’s not all — this year’s tournament promises spectators even more
excitement and rewards than last year’s! Before we get into the details,
here’s a quick recap for those who missed out on 2022’s tournament.

## Revisiting the Alpine 2022 Esports Series

Viewers who joined the livestream of last year’s tournament could claim
exclusive “Binance Alpine GT4” Proof of Attendance Protocol (POAP) NFTs and a
share of a $10,000 Alpine Fan Token prize pool.

Those who collected all five POAP NFTs were each eligible for a Binance Alpine
GT4 NFT Mystery Box that included a random chance of getting one of four
unique car designs.

If you missed out on last year’s prizes, you have plenty of time to prepare
for the upcoming tournament. Keep reading for an overview of everything you
need to know!

## Watch the Livestream and Score Exclusive Rewards

First and foremost, mark the following dates on your calendar:

  * [Round 1 ](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/alpine/alpine-esport/80b2c24e949242b8a9024ac1408a85fc?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-esports2023-27/4&registerChannel=esports2023)( Race 1 and 2 ): April 27, 2023 (18:30 UTC)

  * [Round 2](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/alpine/alpine-esport/8feb0ab3475446cba0b533441b20cde9?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-banner&utm_campaign=ft-esports2023-11/5&registerChannel=esports2023) ( Race 3 and 4 ): May 11, 2023 (18:30 UTC)

  * [Round 3](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/alpine/alpine-esport/2f2ebe20e45e4f5cbd74cb72f958d701?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-esports2023-25/5&registerChannel=esports2023) ( Race 5 and 6 ): May 25, 2023 (18:30  UTC)

We’ll be streaming each racing round on[ Alpine
Twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/alpine?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-
esports2023&registerChannel=esports2023). Viewers who tune into one of the
three live broadcasts and scan the QR code will each receive a free NFT Gift
Box on a first come, first served basis.

### What’s in the box?

Each Gift Box is generated randomly and features one of four rarity levels:
Normal (N), Rare (R), Super Rare (SR), or Super Super Rare (SSR).

Depending on the NFT’s rarity, holders could be entitled to autographed
merchandise, a share of a $25,000 token prize pool, and exclusive fan
experiences that money can’t buy.

Don’t get left in the dust! Remember to catch the live broadcasts so you can
get your hands on a Gift Box before they’re all gone.

## Enter Our Pre-Race Giveaway

Can’t make the event? [Refer a friend](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/team-profile/alpine/alpine-
esport/80b2c24e949242b8a9024ac1408a85fc?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-
esports2023&registerChannel=esports2023) between April 25, 2023 (10:00 UTC) to
May 25, 2023 (18:00 UTC) for a chance to score one of 6,000 boxes up for
grabs.

All you need to do is refer one friend to complete user verification using a
personal referral link generated from our [event
page](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/alpine/alpine-
esport/80b2c24e949242b8a9024ac1408a85fc?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=binance&utm_medium=anncmnt&utm_campaign=ft-
esports2023&registerChannel=esports2023).

This year, we want everyone to feel the rush and have a shot at snagging a
free NFT Gift Box!

## Hold ALPINE to Unlock Gift Boxes

Starting April 25, 2023 (10:00 UTC), users who hold at least 10 ALPINE Fan
Tokens will have a chance to receive one of 10,000 Gift Boxes on a first come,
first serve basis.

## Discover Binance Fan Token Today!

[Binance Fan Token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token??ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) is the premier destination for sports
and Web3 fans. Choose from a world-class lineup of sports teams and get access
to a range of exclusive activities, promotions, rewards, and more.

If you’re new to Binance, [create your
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) today and
complete the [identity verification
process](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-
verification-360027287111?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-voting-poll-blog) to get in on the action!

## Further Reading

  * (Blog) [How Binance Fan Tokens Can Influence Football in Africa](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/how-binance-fan-tokens-can-influence-football-in-africa-8984660141307421380)

  * (Blog) [How NFTs Are Transforming Membership Experience](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/how-nfts-are-transforming-membership-experience-8723875773218129614)

  * (Blog) [Racing Fans Experience an Immersive Race Day Fan Party Hosted by Binance in Belgium](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/racing-fans-experience-an-immersive-race-day-fan-party-hosted-by-binance-in-belgium-6515870133140540519)

194,951,442 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Alpine 2023 Esports Series — Powered by Binance

Main Takeaways

Revisiting the Alpine 2022 Esports Series

Watch the Livestream and Score Exclusive Rewards

Enter Our Pre-Race Giveaway

Hold ALPINE to Unlock Gift Boxes

Discover Binance Fan Token Today!

Further Reading

194,951,442 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

