[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ how to stake... ](/blog/how-to-stake-eth-via-trezor-suite)

#  How to Stake ETH via Trezor Suite

17 May 2024

7 min read

ethereum

eth

trezor

staking guide

7 min read

Article content

What is Trezor

Staking ETH with Trezor

How to Stake ETH via Trezor

How to unstake ETH on Trezor Wallet

Conclusion

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Our exciting
[partnership](https://docs.google.com/document/u/0/d/1CdAl6H2spQWZ_QGcdZihq9uPV5oKCnu1zYhfB7Us_jI/edit)
with Trezor and Everstake offers a simple and accessible way to stake your ETH
tokens and earn rewards. In just a few clicks, you can leverage the renowned
security of Trezor's hardware wallets and the reliable infrastructure of
Everstake to participate in ETH staking.

This guide will lead you through the ETH staking process in Trezor step-by-
step.

## What is Trezor

[Trezor](https://trezor.io/) is a leading producer of hardware wallets known
for their exceptional security features. They offer a range of models,
including Model T, Model One, and Safe 3, designed to meet the diverse needs
of cryptocurrency holders. Trezor hardware wallets ensure offline storage of
assets, providing the highest level of protection against hacking and theft.

## Staking ETH with Trezor

Everstake maintains staking ETH with Trezor Suite. This means that when
staking ETH via Trezor, the funds are sent to the [Everstake staking
pool](https://dune.com/everstake1/everstake-eth-staking).

Our solution allows everyone to stake Ethereum with as little as 0.1 ETH. Duly
audited by [ChainSecurity](https://chainsecurity.com/security-audit/everstake-
eth-b2c-staking/) and [Ackee](https://ackeeblockchain.com/blog/everstake-
ethereum-staking-protocol-audit-summary/), it negates the need for the 32 ETH
requirement to become a full validator, making staking ETH accessible for
everyone.

## How to Stake ETH via Trezor

Following these steps, you can easily stake your ETH with Everstake via Trezor
and enjoy a secure and rewarding staking experience.

**Requirements:**

  * A Trezor hardware wallet (Model One, Model T or Safe 3)
  * Trezor Suite software installed on your computer
  * At least 0.1 ETH in your Trezor wallet

### Step 1: Check & Start Staking

  * Open Trezor Suite, navigate to the**Ethereum Overview** tab and confirm you have at least 0.1 ETH.
  * Head to the **Staking tab** and click **Start staking**.

### Step 2: Review & Consent

  * Read the **Staking in a nutshell** window and click **Got it!** to proceed.

![how to stake ETH via Trezor 7](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/ab7fdde7-9cad-478b-b3a2-183a9387bdda.png)

  * Grant consent for Everstake to manage your staked funds.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/16df33c7-b372-43d1-9c4a-296a8a6f5029.png)

### Step 3: Set Amount & Stake

  * In the **Stake Ethereum** window, enter the amount you want to stake (ETH or preferred currency) - the minimum is 0.1 ETH. Then click **Continue**.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/b9af7997-45fa-4068-b9a1-76754e7d2826.png)

  * Check the box to recognize the conditions in the **Confirm entry period window** , then click **Confirm & stake**.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/3d3f32c7-cc59-4361-9959-4884fcd75e13.png)

  * Confirm the amount and recipient address on your Trezor device by pressing **Confirm**.
  * Once everything looks fine, click **Stake**.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/2b27ddf5-3e5f-4b92-a0db-15152f1817a5.png)

Congratulations! Your ETH tokens have been successfully staked. The
transaction confirmation and addition to the stake pool may take a few days.

You can monitor your staking status (including adding more or unstaking) in
the Staking tab of Trezor Suite.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/3af3d2ba-e1a3-46b7-8c22-94feeb794a75.png)

## How to unstake ETH on Trezor Wallet

You’ll need a few clicks and Trezor Suite to unstake your ETH tokens from the
Everstake pool back to your Trezor wallet.

  * Go to the **Ethereum Staking** tab and click **Unstake to claim**.
  * Enter the amount, set a custom fee (optional), and confirm details on your Trezor device.
  * Click **Unstake** to initiate the process. Once complete, you can claim your funds instantly.

## Conclusion

This guide has unveiled a simple way to put your idle ETH to work. By staking
with Trezor and Everstake, you can:

  * Earn rewards on your ETH holdings without needing a complex setup.
  * Benefit from industry-leading security thanks to Trezor's hardware wallet technology.
  * Start small with a minimum stake of just 0.1 ETH.

Ready to earn rewards? Download Trezor Suite and follow our guide to begin
staking!

[Stake ETH with Everstake via Trezor](https://content-trezor.webflow.io/eth-staking) | [Learn more about staking](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

Trezor

7.46K subscribers

[Staking Ethereum made easy: A step-by-step guide with Trezor
Suite](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMwqPO2-K-A)

[]()

Trezor

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

You're signed out

Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV
recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your
computer.

CancelConfirm

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMwqPO2-K-A&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Feverstake.one%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 2:46•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMwqPO2-K-A "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tMwqPO2-K-A), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

