[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * What Is a Burner Wallet?

# What Is a Burner Wallet?

By **Ola Kalejaye**

Feb 2, 2024 | **Updated Feb 2, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Burner%20Wallet%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-burner-wallet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet&title=What%20Is%20a%20Burner%20Wallet%3F "Reddit")

![Black closed belt on a black background.](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/Security_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Crypto wallets are a necessary tool for managing your assets and connecting
you to the world of crypto.  
  
— As scammers and other bad actors look for new exploits to take advantage of,
proper wallet security is vital for everyone interacting with smart contracts
and decentralized applications.  
  
— Using a burner wallet can help protect your privacy and your valuable assets
while allowing you to navigate the world of web3 freely.  
  
At its simplest, a crypto wallet is the interface you use to access and manage
crypto assets. These days, however, a wallet is much more than that.

Thanks to the growth of smart contract-compatible networks such as Ethereum
and Solana, crypto wallets have become an even more important link to the
decentralized world. Specifically, they are necessary for connecting to
decentralized applications (dApps) which utilize smart contracts to function.

Smart contracts can fulfill various roles and crucially, if you grant approval
with your digital signature, they can execute certain functions with your
wallet on your behalf. This introduces risk, as approving the wrong smart
contract could lead to a bad actor gaining control of your wallet and assets.
Indeed, scams involving malicious smart contracts are some of the most common
in crypto.

It’s important to note that these risks are present, regardless of the kind of
wallet you use. While Ledger devices protect you from hackers, they can’t
protect you from your own mistakes. Only proper security practices can
mitigate these risks.

Luckily, there are many things that you can do to protect yourself and your
assets while exploring the ever-expanding blockchain ecosystem. One such way
is to learn how to use a crypto burner wallet – something that Ledger devices
enable you to do easily.

But what exactly is a burner wallet and how do you know if you need one? This
article will answer those questions and show you how to generate a burner
wallet with ease.

## What Is a Crypto Burner Wallet?

A burner wallet is a single-use crypto account. Its purpose is to connect to
potentially malicious blockchain apps. As such, it should never contain a
large amount of crypto or any asset. Rather, a burner wallet should only
contain the amount of crypto necessary to cover the transaction that it has
been set up for. Similarly, it should not have any markers (such as an [ENS
domain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-name-service-ens))
that make it easily linkable to its owner.

A burner wallet is much like a burner phone in that it is meant to be
discarded after it has served its purpose. Though unlike the extra effort it
takes to get a whole new phone, a burner wallet can generally be created
quickly and easily right from your Ledger device.

To explain, [hierarchical deterministic (HD)
wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-
deterministic-hd-wallets) can generate a near-infinite amount of distinct
accounts, all accessible with one secret recovery phrase. Of course, all
Ledger devices employ the process for HD key generation, which means that you
can use your device to make as many burner wallets as you could ever want.

## How Does a Crypto Burner Wallet Work?

As previously mentioned, a Ledger device or other HD wallet is capable of
generating virtually unlimited accounts. While each of these distinct accounts
has its own set of private keys, all accounts that stem from a single wallet
are managed by a single secret recovery phrase. In other words, you don’t have
to worry about recording a new secret recovery phrase every time you set up a
burner wallet. This should encourage you to set up a burner wallet whenever
you need one, as this is vital for protecting your assets if you want to
interact with dApps.

It’s important to note that while a single secret recovery phrase allows you
to access all of these accounts, one compromised account cannot lead back to
the main account. That is to say, one compromised account does not mean that
the entire wallet is compromised. That is the beauty of setting up a burner
wallet.

The best method for using a burner wallet involves [segregating your crypto
assets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/segregate-crypto-assets) between
multiple accounts managed by a single wallet. This practice entails setting up
three types of accounts: a vault account for storing your assets, a selling
account for trading, and a burner account. Since they are HD wallets, you can
set up all these different accounts using a single device.

By employing this strategy, you can keep your valuable assets separate from
the burner wallet that you use to sign contracts. That way your valuable
assets remain secure, even if you accidentally sign a malicious smart contract
with your burner wallet.

So now you know what a burner wallet is and how it works, but why use a burner
wallet in the first place?

## Why Would I Want To Use a Crypto Burner Wallet?

A burner wallet is perfect for those instances where you want to avoid using
your primary crypto wallet to interact with a certain platform or smart
contract. There are many scenarios where this might be the case, all of which
have to do with maintaining your privacy and the security of your assets.

### **Privacy**

The first reason you might want to use a burner wallet is privacy. As you may
already know, public blockchains, such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, are completely
transparent. Anyone can look up previous transactions from the network’s
entire history.

This system greatly contributes to a blockchain’s trustless nature, as anyone
can validate the existence of any transaction. On the other hand, it also
makes it quite easy to track an individual’s transaction history and asset
holdings.

A burner wallet allows you to transact without people easily tracking your
moves. This can be great for crypto traders, who don’t want to expose their
trading strategy. In addition, a burner wallet can help avoid leaving a
digital footprint, or being tracked by platforms that monitor the wallet
addresses that interact with them.

On a similar note, some people may use a burner wallet to help protect their
overall anonymity in the blockchain space. These could be high-profile public
figures, or people who may want to keep their crypto usage discreet for
professional reasons, or even because of their country of residence.

### **Accessing New and Untested Blockchain Apps and Platforms**

This use case applies most to people who actively trade digital assets like
cryptocurrencies or NFTs. Such traders will often try out new platforms like
decentralized exchanges (DEXs) or NFT marketplaces. Often these kinds of
platforms hold token airdrops to incentivize the onboarding of new users.

The issue with new platforms is that they might not necessarily act as a user
expects. For example, an unvetted smart contract might have bugs in it that
prevent you from withdrawing your funds. Even worse, faulty smart contracts
could expose you to scammers who can exploit the bugs to steal user funds. Not
to mention that a brand new platform could be an outright scam with a
malicious smart contract. That’s why using a burner wallet when experimenting
with unproven platforms is always key for keeping your main wallet secure.

And speaking of scams…

### **Interacting with Potentially Malicious Smart Contracts or Apps**

The number one reason that you should use a burner wallet is to avoid losing
funds to [malicious smart contracts.](https://www.ledger.com/academy/smart-
contract-functions-essential-red-flags-to-know-about)

Unfortunately, scams involving malicious smart contracts are some of the most
common scams within crypto. Usually, these scams entice people to visit a
platform with the promise of some potential financial reward such as new token
mints or crypto airdrops. Once on the platform, users in a rush to claim the
advertised reward end up signing smart contract approvals without fully
understanding them. Otherwise known as [blind
signing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-weakness-blind-
signing-explained), this exposed their wallets to being drained.

A prime example of this was at the height of the NFT bull market when hotly
anticipated mints were a daily occurrence. Many people clamoring to join the
excitement fell victim to malicious smart contracts, which would drain their
wallets before they even knew it.

And these attacks have not gone away. For example, in late December 2023, the
notorious hacker group Pink Drainer successfully used a phishing attack to
trick an unsuspecting victim into signing an “Increase Approval” function on
their wallet. This gave the hackers full access.  As a result, Pink Drainer
was able to steal $4.33M worth of Chainlink tokens (LINK) from the victim’s
wallet.

Even more recently on January 2nd, 2024, some users got caught up in a scam
involving a fake airdrop mimicking the Less Fees and Gas (LFG) token airdrop.
One user ended up losing 52 stETH (worth about $125,000 at the time) after
signing a malicious smart contract.

The prevalence of these scams goes to show how using a burner wallet for
signing smart contracts is a smart strategy.

### **Paying with Crypto in-Person**

Places such as crypto meetups and conferences, where you might have the option
to pay in-person using crypto on a mobile device, are another area where using
a burner wallet radically improves security. The issue at these events might
not be malicious smart contracts so much as the threat of hackers gaining
access to the wallet on your phone. Thus, by using a burner wallet, you can
still get the convenience of making these small transactions without taking
unnecessary risks.

## Risks Of Using A Crypto Burner Wallet

Even though burner wallets are great tools for security, you still have to
take care to use them properly to avoid the risks that can come with using
them.

One of the potential downsides of using burner wallets is the management of
multiple accounts.

Fortunately, most wallets today are HD wallets, meaning you can manage a near-
infinite number of accounts with the same wallet. You can also recover them
all with a single SRP. However, if you’re using another type of wallet, such
as a paper wallet, you will have to record the private key of each account.
And if you lose that record, you’ll lose access to your funds.

As far as using a burner wallet at in-person events, one thing to keep in mind
is that it could restrict your ability to access token-gated events or
services. In this scenario, you could simply transfer the specific token that
you need to your burner wallet, and transfer it out once you’ve gotten the
access that you need. Of course, that token will be exposed to the risk of
loss, but you can at least shield the rest of your assets.

One of the more common mistakes regarding burner wallets is using one for
multiple transactions. This defeats its purpose, as you will start to build a
transaction history that could more easily link your burner wallet to your
main wallet.

Finally, it’s important to never leave a large amount of your assets in your
burner wallet. When using a burner wallet, you are best off assuming that any
funds in that wallet are vulnerable to being lost. After all, the point of a
burner wallet is that you only put in the funds necessary to execute the
specific transaction you need to. Once you’re done, you should send all
valuable assets back to your main wallet.

## How Do I Set Up A Crypto Burner Wallet?

Luckily, setting up a burner wallet on Ledger Live couldn’t be easier. You
just have to take the following steps:

  1. Select “Accounts” from the left sidebar (you might first have to select “Portfolio” if “Accounts” is greyed out.
  2. Click on “Add account”.
  3. Select the crypto that you want to add an account for from the drop-down menu. 
  4. Connect and unlock your Ledger device. After Ledger Live installs the necessary app, open the app on your Ledger device. 
  5. Check the box under “Add new account” (this option won’t be available if you already have an account for that cryptocurrency that hasn’t had any transactions on it).
  6. After selecting your accounts, click “Add account(s)”.
  7. You can add more accounts by selecting “Add more”, otherwise click “Done” to complete the process.

_You can find the full instructions, along with a video tutorial outlining
this process on the Ledger_[ _support page_](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4404389482641-Add-your-accounts?docs=true) _._

## Burner Wallets: Just One Step Towards Security

While wallet security is a high priority for anyone who chooses to acquire
crypto assets, it doesn’t have to be an intimidating endeavor.

Indeed, Ledger makes it easier than ever to gain the knowledge and tools you
need to keep your assets safe. That includes giving you the ability to make as
many burner wallets as you could ever need, empowering you to explore the
exciting world of crypto with confidence.

The HD wallet infrastructure of Ledger devices allows you to segregate your
assets into a sell wallet for trading, a vault wallet for the [cold
storage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet)
of assets, and a burner wallet (or mint wallet), and to manage them all
seamlessly using your Ledger device and [Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live).

So what are you waiting for? Take one of the best steps you can to guard your
privacy and secure your assets on the blockchain: pick up a Ledger device to
start utilizing a burner wallet the right way.

**Ola Kalejaye**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Burner%20Wallet%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-burner-wallet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet&title=What%20Is%20a%20Burner%20Wallet%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5b88a555-be8e-4313-9677-2eead1baaa4a&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=30e0bdc9-e323-4147-9dae-
fe68e80be654&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-
wallet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5b88a555-be8e-4313-9677-2eead1baaa4a&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=30e0bdc9-e323-4147-9dae-
fe68e80be654&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-
wallet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=11eb97d2-cdc0-462c-a6ab-73087fac532a&sid=30044ea01cfd11efa9d741ddcd3aed85&vid=30046f601cfd11ef8c185170567ff870&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20a%20Burner%20Wallet%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet&r=&lt=2719&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=632685)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A43%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20a%20Burner%20Wallet%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-burner-wallet&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

