This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/vi/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/vi)

  * Tìm hiểu
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Cộng đồng 

Search```K`

[Documentation](/vi/docs)[RPC
API](/vi/docs/rpc)[Cookbook](/vi/developers/cookbook)[Guides](/vi/developers/guides)[Terminology](/vi/docs/terminology)

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%27840%27%20height=%27883%27/%3e)![Rings
sphere geometry](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhero-
geometry.e6d9398b.png&w=1920&q=75)![Rings sphere
geometry](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhero-
geometry.e6d9398b.png&w=1920&q=75)

# Developer Resources

A manual for joining the Solana ecosystem. By builders for builders.

[Xây dựng ngay](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/hello-world-in-your-
browser)[Stack Exchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com/)

## Learn Solana development

Use these Solana Foundation and community courses to begin your journey into
Solana development.

[By UnboxedSolana Development Course](https://soldev.app/course)[By Solana
FoundationSolana
Bootcamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P8JeL3TURU&list=PLilwLeBwGuK6NsYMPP_BlVkeQgff0NwvU)[By
Solana FoundationSolana
Bytes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRYs49MqapI&list=PLilwLeBwGuK51Ji870apdb88dnBr1Xqhm)[By
RiseIn.comBuild on Solana by Rise In](https://www.risein.com/courses/build-on-
solana)[By RareSkills.ioEthereum to Solana Developer
Course](https://www.rareskills.io/solana-tutorial)[By HackquestSolana Learning
Track](https://www.hackquest.io/en/learning-
track/d22e6118-f7f6-4f31-acf2-433d08bc52e8)[By CareerBooster.ioRust + Solana
Advance Development Course](https://careerbooster.io/courses/rust-solana-
advance-development-course)

[By UnboxedSolana Development CourseQuickstart your Solana development
starting from nothing to complex programs.](https://soldev.app/course)[By
Solana FoundationSolana
Bootcamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0P8JeL3TURU&list=PLilwLeBwGuK6NsYMPP_BlVkeQgff0NwvU)[By
Solana FoundationSolana
Bytes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pRYs49MqapI&list=PLilwLeBwGuK51Ji870apdb88dnBr1Xqhm)[By
RiseIn.comBuild on Solana by Rise In](https://www.risein.com/courses/build-on-
solana)[By RareSkills.ioEthereum to Solana Developer
Course](https://www.rareskills.io/solana-tutorial)[By HackquestSolana Learning
Track](https://www.hackquest.io/en/learning-
track/d22e6118-f7f6-4f31-acf2-433d08bc52e8)[By CareerBooster.ioRust + Solana
Advance Development Course](https://careerbooster.io/courses/rust-solana-
advance-development-course)

## Tutorials and guides.

Learn from tutorials and guides from across the greater Solana ecosystem.

[Xem tất cả](/vi/developers/guides)

[beginnerGetting Started with Token ExtensionsWith the new token extensions,
you can create custom logic for your tokens. In this guide we will go over
everything you need to know about token extensions and what you need to get
started building todayLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-
extensions/getting-started)[intermediateHow to Optimize Compute Usage on
SolanaMinimizing the amount of compute a program uses is critical both for the
performance and cost of executing transactions. This guide will show you how
to optimize compute usage in your programs on Solana.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/how-to-optimize-compute)[ResourceEVM to
SVM: Understanding Solana for EVM developersLearn about the key differences
between the SVM and EVM development environments and start building with
Solana.Learn more](/vi/developers/evm-to-svm)[introIntro to Solana development
(using only your browser)Solana developer quickstart guide to learn how to
setup, build, and deploy your first Solana program using only your browser
with Solana Playground.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/hello-
world-in-your-browser)[introSetup local development and install the Solana
CLIEasily setup your local development environment for Solana development on
Linux, Mac or Windows. Including installing Rust, the Solana CLI, and
Anchor.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/setup-local-development)

[beginnerGetting Started with Token ExtensionsWith the new token extensions,
you can create custom logic for your tokens. In this guide we will go over
everything you need to know about token extensions and what you need to get
started building todayLearn more](/vi/developers/guides/token-
extensions/getting-started)[intermediateHow to Optimize Compute Usage on
SolanaMinimizing the amount of compute a program uses is critical both for the
performance and cost of executing transactions. This guide will show you how
to optimize compute usage in your programs on Solana.Learn
more](/vi/developers/guides/advanced/how-to-optimize-compute)[ResourceEVM to
SVM: Understanding Solana for EVM developersLearn about the key differences
between the SVM and EVM development environments and start building with
Solana.Learn more](/vi/developers/evm-to-svm)[introIntro to Solana development
(using only your browser)Solana developer quickstart guide to learn how to
setup, build, and deploy your first Solana program using only your browser
with Solana Playground.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/hello-
world-in-your-browser)[introSetup local development and install the Solana
CLIEasily setup your local development environment for Solana development on
Linux, Mac or Windows. Including installing Rust, the Solana CLI, and
Anchor.Learn more](/vi/developers/guides/getstarted/setup-local-development)

## Tools and resources.

Explore developer resources from across the greater Solana ecosystem.

[Xem tất cả](/vi/developers/resources)

[documentationSolana Stack ExchangeSolana Stack Exchange is a question and
answer site for Solana software users and developers.Learn
more](https://solana.stackexchange.com/)[frameworkAnchor FrameworkAnchor is a
framework for Solana's Sealevel runtime providing several convenient developer
tools for writing on-chain programs.Learn more](https://www.anchor-
lang.com/)[toolSolana PlaygroundEasily build, deploy and test Solana programs
and on-chain programs from a browser IDE.Learn more](https://beta.solpg.io/)

[documentationSolana Stack ExchangeSolana Stack Exchange is a question and
answer site for Solana software users and developers.Learn
more](https://solana.stackexchange.com/)[frameworkAnchor FrameworkAnchor is a
framework for Solana's Sealevel runtime providing several convenient developer
tools for writing on-chain programs.Learn more](https://www.anchor-
lang.com/)[toolSolana PlaygroundEasily build, deploy and test Solana programs
and on-chain programs from a browser IDE.Learn more](https://beta.solpg.io/)

## Go to the source.

Read the documentation for Solana and popular tools.

### Solana Docs

[Xem tất cả](/vi/docs)

Learn how Solana works and get a high-level understanding of Solana's
architecture.

### Metaplex Docs

[Xem tất cả](https://developers.metaplex.com/)

Learn what you build with Metaplex, make the process of creating and launching
NFTs easier.

### Solana Changelog

Some more Solana changes from Nick & Jacob. Subscribe to the newsletter:
https://solana.com/newsletter Solana StackExchange weekly rankings:
https://stackexchange.com/leagues/714/week/solana/2024-04-28 Governance
discussion on ...

[Latest
episode](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7eewQC_Bpok&list=PLilwLeBwGuK5-Qri7Pg9zd-
Vvhz9kX2-R)

[![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%271152%27%20height=%27658%27/%3e)![Solana
Changelog](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![Solana
Changelog](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fchangelog.f78d1e3b.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLilwLeBwGuK5-Qri7Pg9zd-
Vvhz9kX2-R)

### Solana Developer Update

Sign up to the newsletter and learn about new resources, new commits, new
proposals, and more.

Sign up

### Even more resources

More videos, more episodes. Discussions between industry leaders in both
blockchain and technology, our team, and community developers.

[YouTube](/vi/youtube)[Podcast](/vi/validated)

Managed by

[](/vi)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Trợ cấp](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Solana Break](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/vi/branding)
  * [Nghề nghiệp ](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Từ chối](/vi/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/vi/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Hệ sinh thái](/vi/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/vi/news)
  * [Bản tin](/vi/newsletter)

vi

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

