[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0LzQtc3RyYXRlZ2llcy10by1jb25zaWRlci13aGVuLWludmVzdGluZy1pbi1hLWJlYXItbWFya2V0LTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzYxMT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0LzQtc3RyYXRlZ2llcy10by1jb25zaWRlci13aGVuLWludmVzdGluZy1pbi1hLWJlYXItbWFya2V0LTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzYxMT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# 4 Strategies to Consider When Investing in a Bear Market

2022-04-08

**Main Takeaways:  **

  * Markets experiencing sustained or substantial declines are called bear markets. 

  * Bear markets might be stressful for investors but they can be seen as good investment opportunities to buy in at lower prices. 

  * In this article, you will learn what exactly defines a bear market, how you can prepare for it and how you can benefit from it.  

_Want to beat the FUD (fear, uncertainty, and doubt) when you find yourself in
a bear market?  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220324/9429b9c5-3c56-425c-84f8-7b394ed3b61b.png)

It's important to know and understand these trends to be able to make smarter
investment decisions in your crypto journey. This is because different market
trends can lead to dramatically different market conditions.

## What Happens In A Bear Market?

A bear market is a period of a prolonged drop in investment prices in a
financial market. Bear markets typically describe a condition in which prices
drop 20% or more from the highest recent price, surrounded by general
pessimism and negative investor sentiment.

While they can be stressful for investors and challenging for inexperienced
traders to navigate, bear markets are also a key part of the investment cycle.

To learn more about the fundamentals of bear markets, check out our in-depth
article on [What is a Bear
Market?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-bear-market).

## How Long Does A Bear Market Last?

Bear markets can last months or years. Like we've said before, deep market
downturns are [unavoidable](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/all/why-is-the-
cryptocurrency-market-down-421499824684902067).

It may be easy to get caught up in the declining prices in a bear market, but
they can be seen as good investment opportunities to buy in at lower prices.

## 4 Strategies To Adopt In A Bear Market

### 1\. Make dollar-cost averaging your friend

[Dollar-cost averaging (DCA)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/dollar-
cost-averaging-dca-explained) means breaking up your reserve funds into
smaller portions and making several trades over time. In a bear market,
committing to the DCA strategy means that you will be looking for investment
opportunities when prices hit a certain target. This strategy allows investors
to reduce the impact of volatility when buying a large amount of financial
assets at a single given time.

At Binance, you can easily DCA with [Recurring
Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/3b628537b6314964bb08b5b22fab6c18).
Recurring Buy is a hassle-free, automated feature that lets you easily buy a
fixed amount of crypto over time at set intervals. Moreover, you can easily
access the wider Binance ecosystem with a ready pool of
[cryptocurrencies](https://www.binance.com/en/markets).

To learn how DCA can grow your portfolio over the long run, check out our
article [here](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-grow-your-crypto-
portfolio-with-recurring-buy-421499824684903346).

### 2\. Consider Stablecoins

A common and simple strategy traders use in bear markets is to stay in
[stablecoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/stablecoin).

Since stablecoins are tied to underlying assets, they tend to be much less
volatile compared to other coins.

During volatile market climates, stablecoins could act as a place for traders
to hold their assets while they wait for the market to correct.

To learn more about stablecoins and how you can buy the most popular ones on
Binance, check out our blog post
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/stablecoins-what-why--how-to-buy-
them-421499824684903322).

### 3\. Diversify your investments

Diversifying your portfolio to include a combination of different crypto
assets is another useful strategy, bear market or not.

Just like how there's no sure-win formula to predict the end of a bear market,
it's also impossible to predict which cryptocurrency will recover the fastest
or go on a rally after the market recovers.

Diversifying your portfolio might involve reducing your trade sizes, but in
doing so, you'll reduce your overall risk.  Just remember that it is important
to [DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-own-research) and
conduct rigorous due diligence on each crypto asset you decide to invest in.

### 4\. Explore staking options

One way to increase your security and grow your crypto holdings during a long-
term downturn in the crypto space is through staking.

Although staking may not be a popular strategy to adopt in a bear market, the
initial investment cost to reach the staking threshold for certain crypto is
much lower than in a bull market. By locking your crypto on a blockchain for a
minimum amount of time, you are still making consistent small gains and
generating passive income.

To stake your crypto, consider [Binance
Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn).

## Subscribe to Recurring Buy Or Buy Crypto on Binance

Looking to diversify your crypto portfolio or get started with the DCA
strategy? You can do so on Binance with just a few clicks.

### To Buy Crypto

On Binance, you can buy crypto in two quick steps while enjoying low fees:

**Step 1:****** Make a[ fiat
deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD) via an[ e-wallet
transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/other-
channel/buy/USD/BUSD/) or bank transfer on Binance. Before you make a deposit,
make sure to check the available[ fiat
channels](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/EUR) for desired currencies.

See in-depth guide on “[How to Deposit USD via
SWIFT](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/f84427e36de641f59ed16e78fcc85679)”

**Optional:** Convert the fiat currencies to[
BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BUSD) or[
USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/USDT) so that
you can trade a greater variety of coins.

**Step 2:** Purchase your desired crypto through a user[
wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/main) purchase or
directly with[ a credit/debit card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220324/33a04c42-e9f3-45a4-96ab-14be08ac007d.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

### To Dollar-Cost Average

Sign up for Recurring Buy on Binance. You can choose between bi-weekly, weekly
or monthly plans and opt for the amount and crypto coin you would like to DCA.
This means you will invest with caution even in a volatile market.

All it takes is four simple steps. Learn how to sign up for Recurring Buy on
Binance [here](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-grow-your-crypto-
portfolio-with-recurring-buy-421499824684903346).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220324/ca08b5d5-5df1-49e7-8dbe-7a58e2c53b01.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

## Conclusion

We've talked about what happens in a bear market, the duration and the
different trading strategies you can use to thrive during this period

To summarize, a general rule is not to let your emotions get the better of you
and make panic sell-offs. Instead, use this chance to DCA, buy the dip, or
even research on new crypto coins and reevaluate your portfolio.

Studying the strategies we’ve discussed here, combined with an analytical
mindset and practice may eventually provide you with an edge over the market.
However, there is no single strategy that will lead to a sure-win. Always DYOR
before participating in any trading and investment activities.

**Ready to start your crypto journey with Binance?**

Sign up for a [Binance account
](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the [Binance
crypto trading
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Next, [verify your
account](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile) today. Once your
account is verified, there are three main ways to buy cryptocurrencies on
Binance using fiat: you can buy crypto with fiat from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels or e-wallets options.  

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.  

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220324/2cc29e20-3b55-4aa5-9c28-2a4e55077e39.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

_**Disclaimer:**__Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk.
Binance is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and
statements made below should not be considered financial advice and are shown
to illustrate an example, and is not_ _intended to serve as investment advice
or recommendation.  _

**Read the following articles for more information:  **

  * (Support)[ How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [What is a Bear Market and How Can You Survive (and Thrive) in It?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/what-is-a-bear-market-and-how-can-you-survive-and-thrive-in-it-421499824684902215)

  * (Blog) [3 Ways To Manage Your Crypto Portfolio With Profit and Loss Calculations](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/3-ways-to-manage-your-crypto-portfolio-with-profit-and-loss-calculations-421499824684903556)

  * (Blog) [How To Grow Your Crypto Portfolio with Recurring Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-grow-your-crypto-portfolio-with-recurring-buy-421499824684903346)

  * (Blog) [What Is A Stablecoin? Here’s Where And How To Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/stablecoins-what-why--how-to-buy-them-421499824684903322)

  * (Academy) [What Is a Bear Market?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-bear-market)

194,997,924 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

4 Strategies to Consider When Investing in a Bear Market

What Happens In A Bear Market?

How Long Does A Bear Market Last?

4 Strategies To Adopt In A Bear Market

Subscribe to Recurring Buy Or Buy Crypto on Binance

Conclusion

194,997,924 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

