[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# USDT wallet

## The right hardware wallet for your Tether (USDT)

Looking for a USDT Wallet to buy and store your Tether (USDT)? Join 6+ million
customers who trust Ledger hardware wallets to securely store their crypto and
use them on the day-to-day basis.

  * __ Mobile & Desktop App
  * __ Secured by Hardware Wallet

Secure your Tether (USDT)

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![USDT wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Tether-Wallet.webp)

Ledger Secured Solution

###  How to secure your Tether (USDT)?

Whether you’re looking to keep your crypto safe for long-term or manage them
on a daily basis, **Ledger has the right product for you.**

[Get a Ledger wallet](https://shop.ledger.com)

Ledger hardware wallet

[**Ledger hardware wallet**](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-
wallets) stores your private keys and signs transactions offline, making them
resistant to **malicious attacks and threats**. Pair the Ledger crypto wallet
with Ledger Live App to manage your USDT on the go.

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PHBhdGggZD0iTTI4LjM2IDIwLjQ4bDcuMjQtNy4yNEwyOC4zNiA2bC0uOTIuOTIgMi44IDIuNzZjLjkyLjk2IDEuOTIgMS45MiAyLjg4IDIuODhINnYxLjM2aDI3LjE2Yy0xIC45Ni0xLjk2IDEuOTItMi45MiAyLjg4bC0yLjggMi43Ni45Mi45MnpNNC40IDI2Ljc2TDExLjY0IDM0bC45Mi0uOTItMi44LTIuOGMtLjkyLS45Mi0xLjkyLTEuOTItMi44OC0yLjg0SDM0di0xLjM2SDYuODhjLjk2LS45NiAxLjk2LTEuOTIgMi44OC0yLjg4bDIuOC0yLjgtLjkyLS44OC03LjI0IDcuMjR6IiBmaWxsPSIjQjM4MEREIi8+PC9zdmc+)

Ledger Live App

[**Ledger Live App**](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) is a gateway to
manage your assets, checking your real-time balance, tracking transaction
histories, and more.

### How to create a USDT wallet?

1

![Get a Ledger Nano](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Get-a-Ledger.webp)

#### Get a Ledger Nano

Select and purchase a Ledger hardware wallet of your choice.

  * Beginner in the crypto world? Get started with Ledger Nano S Plus. 
  * Prefer a Bluetooth connection? Try with Ledger Nano X.

[Get Ledger Nano](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)

2

![Download Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Install-Ledger-Live.webp)

#### Download Ledger Live

Download and install the Ledger Live app in a couple of clicks on desktop and
mobile.

Coupled with a Ledger, it makes the most secured wallet for your Tether
(USDT).

Download the app __

[ __Windows app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win "Windows app") [
__Mac app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac "Mac app") [ __Linux
app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux "Linux app")

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-
UK_RGB_blk_092917@2x.png)
](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/google-play-
badge@2x.png) ](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/)

3

![Start your USDT journey securely](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Add-coins-to-your-portfolio.webp)

#### Start your USDT journey securely

Add a Tether (USDT) account with a couple of clicks. Choose among different
providers and easily manage your USDT.

And not only Tether (USDT). With Ledger Live, you can manage thousands of
crypto and a large variety of NFTs.

### Buy, Manage, and Swap Tether (USDT) at your fingertips

![Manage your Tether \(USDT\)](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Manage your Tether (USDT)

With Ledger Live coupled with a Ledger, you can:

  * Securely execute transactions by physically validating them with your Ledger Hardware Wallet
  * Manage your Tether (USDT) as well as thousands of other crypto assets
  * Track your portfolio

*Buy, send/receive, swap, stake, and other crypto transaction services are provided by third-parties provider, which availability may vary based on jurisdiction/territory.

![Buy Tether \(USDT\)](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/buy-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Buy Tether (USDT)

You can easily buy Tether (USDT) with a credit/debit card or bank transfer.
Choose from a range of service providers (Paypal, Ramp, MoonPay, Sardine…) and
select the option that works best for you.

Your Tether will land safely in your Ledger USDT Wallet.

[Buy USDT](https://www.ledger.com/buy)

![Swap USDT](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Swap-
your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Swap USDT

Swapping allows you to explore different crypto assets, protect your Tether
(USDT) from volatility, and diversify your portfolio.

You can easily swap USDT through Ledger Live without using fiat currencies.

[Swap USDT](/swap)

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-
crypto-assets.webp)

## The best USDT hardware wallet

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")

__________4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews

The perfect crypto wallet to start securely managing your Tether (USDT).

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X")

__________4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled USDT
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/stax.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable USDT wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

### Choice of 6,000,000+ customers

Bertil A.

___________5/5_

In order to secure cryptocurrencies, Ledger is the perfect tool.

Kevin L.

___________5/5_

Simply a very elegant peace of hardware, with a gorgeous UI in the app.

James P.

___________5/5_

ALL is good, all legal resources bought was as specified and compliant, party
on.

[Read more reviews](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x#reviews
"Read more reviews")

### What is Tether (USDT)?

USD Tether (USDT) is a cryptocurrency that maintains a 1:1 price ratio with
the US dollar. Tether (USDT) is a also named as a stablecoin because his value
meant to mirror the value of the U.S. dollar.

The USD Tether is a custodial stablecoin developed by a Hong-Kong based entity
named Tether which maintains reserves of the US Dollar and and other
equivalent liquid assets like commercial papers and treasury bills sitting in
bank accounts. Those cumulative value is equal to the total value of the
circulating supply of USDT tokens in the market.

The primary use of a stable cryptocurrency is that can offers a alternative to
holding fiat currency reserves so that the stability of excess/unused funds
can be assured without migrating them out of the crypto system. Plus, it can
be used like digital dollars and it offers some stability to the otherwise
volatile crypto space and offers liquidity. Tether is the most popular stable
coin and even acts as a dollar replacement on many popular exchanges.

USDT is fairly simple to use. Once on exchanges, it can be used to purchase
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Tether has no transaction fees, although
external wallets and exchanges may charge one. In order to convert USDT to USD
and vise versa through the Tether.to Platform, users must pay a small fee.

[Tether price charts](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/tether "Tether price
charts")

### Cryptocurrencies similar to USDT supported by our hardware wallet

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/agEUR-4.png)
EURA ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ageur) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/agUSD-coingecko.png) USDA
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/angle-usd) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/paxg.png) PAX Gold
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/pax-gold) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/UUSD-1.jpg) USDD
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/usdd) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/BNB-logo.png) Binance USD
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binance-usd) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/USD_Coin_icon.png) USD Coin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/usd-coin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Dai-logo.png) Dai
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/dai) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/frax_logo-1.png) Frax
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/frax) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Pax_Dollar-1.png) Pax Dollar
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/paxos-standard)

### Securely manage, buy, swap, and stake 5.500+ coins

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Mark_Maker.png) Maker
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/maker) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/01/tia.jpg) Celestia
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/celestia) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/osmo.png) Osmosis
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/osmosis) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Tether_Gold.png) Tether Gold
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether-gold) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/horizen.png) Horizen
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/zencash) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/elrond3_360-1.png) MultiversX
(Elrond) ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/elrond-erd-2) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/KMD_Mark_Color.png) Komodo
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/komodo) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/RUNE.png) THORChain
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/thorchain) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/VeChain-Logo-768x725-1.png) VeChain
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/vechain)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/crypto-
page/faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__What is Tether (USDT) history?

Tether has historically, and continues, to dominate the broader cryptocurrency
stablecoin market concerning overall market cap and general usage. Tether
Limited issues Tethers (USDTs) and Tether was officially renamed ‘Tether’ from
‘Realcoin’ in November 2014 — with Realcoin initially distributing the tokens
on the Bitcoin blockchain using the Omni Layer Protocol.

Despite numerous criticisms over the years, Tether has remained a pivotal
source of market liquidity for cryptocurrencies as a stable price peg in a
market rife with volatility.

__What is the goal of Tether (USDT)?

The primary goal of Tether is to serve as a fiat alternative in the
cryptocurrency markets, particularly exchanges, where skepticism by banks has
led to endemic issues in many exchanges maintaining stable banking
relationships to access fiat liquidity.

__Why is stablecoins like USDT popular?

Fiat-collateralized stablecoins like Tether have surged in popularity, with a
flood of new stablecoins entering the market. The centralized design of Tether
is seen as an important hedge against the volatility of crypto assets since
the fiat collateral held in reserve will continue to retain its value should
the crypto markets collapse.

There is a growing trend towards transparency in the stablecoin market, and
Tether’s reserves are published daily to assure investors that the backing of
Tethers is at least equivalent to or more than the circulating supply.

KYC process approval is also required to issue and redeem Tethers in USD or
EUR.

__What is Tether (USDT) backed by?

Up until March 2019, Tether was backed by 100 percent reserves of the
equivalent fiat peg — USD or EUR. However, Tether Limited’s lawyer recently
claimed that Tethers are backed by 74 percent cash and cash equivalents while
the remaining 26 percent is upheld by short-term securities.

Despite the revelations and several instances of speculation on Tether’s full
reserves, Tether has maintained parity with its 1 USD price peg for the vast
majority of its existence, even during times of turmoil.

At a high level, Tether is what is known as a ‘fiat-collateralized’ stablecoin
where a central institution (i.e., Tether Limited) issues and burns the supply
based on demand. For example, if Alice holds 100 USDT and wants to redeem them
for 100 USD, Tether destroys the corresponding USDT stablecoins and issues 100
USD to Alice.

The model is very straightforward, and firms behind stablecoins generate
revenue via the interest accrued from user deposits in their bank reserves
that back the supply.

Tether provides a market anchor to fiat currencies, particularly the USD but
also others such as the Euro. Because its holders can convert their USDTs for
USD at a 1:1 ratio, Tether essentially functions as a much-needed substitute
for the often missing fiat liquidity in the crypto markets.

Tether is widely available on almost all of the most popular — and most liquid
— cryptocurrency exchanges in the world. Interestingly, professional arbitrage
plays a critical role in Tether’s ability to scale while remaining stable — a
problem for other forms of stablecoins.

__How to choose between TRC20 USDT wallet and ERC20 USDT wallet?

When choosing between a TRC20 USDT wallet and an ERC20 USDT wallet, there are
a few factors to consider. TRC20 and ERC20 are two different technical
standards for tokens on different blockchain networks. Here are some factors
to help you make a decision:

  1. Blockchain Network: TRC20 USDT is based on the TRON blockchain network, while ERC20 USDT is based on the Ethereum network. Consider which blockchain network you prefer or are more familiar with. Each network has its own features, transaction fees, and ecosystem.
  2. Compatibility: If you plan to interact with decentralized applications (DApps) or decentralized exchanges (DEXs), you need to ensure that the wallet you choose is compatible with the network they operate on. For example, if you want to use DApps or DEXs built on Ethereum, an ERC20 USDT wallet would be necessary.
  3. Availability: Check if the wallet you want to use supports both TRC20 and ERC20 tokens or only one of them. Ledger crypto wallet supports both TRC20 and ERC2O tokens.

Ultimately, the choice between a TRC20 USDT wallet and an ERC20 USDT wallet
depends on your specific needs, preferences, and the blockchain ecosystem you
want to engage with.

__What is USDT wallet address format?

The USDT (Tether) wallet address format depends on the blockchain network it
is based on. Tether is available on multiple blockchains, including Ethereum,
Tron, and others. Each blockchain has its own address format.

Here are the address formats for some commonly used blockchains for USDT:

  1. Ethereum (ERC-20): USDT on Ethereum follows the standard Ethereum address format, which is a 40-character hexadecimal string starting with “0x”.
  2. Tron (TRC-20): USDT on the Tron network uses the Tron address format, which begins with the letter “T”, followed by a series of alphanumeric characters.

Note that these are just a few examples, and there may be additional
blockchain networks where USDT is available, each with its own address format.

__What is Tether (USDT) wallet app?

A USDT wallet mobile and desktop app is a software application or hardware
product that allows users to store, send, receive, and manage USDT (Tether)
cryptocurrency. It typically generates a unique address for each user, which
can be used to receive USDT from other users or cryptocurrency exchanges. The
app also enables users to send USDT to other addresses by entering the
recipient’s wallet address.

Ledger Live app is an a user-friendly USDT wallet available for various
platforms, including desktop (Windows, macOS, Linux), and mobile (iOS,
Android).

__How to secure Tether tokens?

When you first buy cryptocurrency, you’re issued with two keys: public and
private.

  * A public key serves as an address that can be shared with other parties to perform transactions.
  * A private key represents a randomly generated number that signs transactions and protects your assets from malicious attacks. If it gets compromised or lost, you won’t be able to access your cold wallet to spend, withdraw, or transfer your coins.

To safeguard and keep track of your keys, you can use online or offline
wallets. Online wallets, also known as hot wallets, store private keys on
systems or devices that are connected to the internet. Hot wallets are easy
and convenient to use, however, they come with several drawbacks. Besides
being susceptible to attacks and a honeypot for hackers, with hot wallets, the
custody of private keys is often entrusted to a third party such as a crypto
exchange, which means you never have full control over your funds. The safer
choice are specialized hardware wallets that store private keys offline.
Stealing private keys from a hardware wallet would require physical access to
the wallet and corresponding PIN or the recovery phrase. What’s more, with
hardware wallet, you don’t need to rely on third party custodians.

__Can Ledger Nano wallet protect my Tether coins?

Ledger Nano is the industry-leading hardware wallet. With more than five
million customers, Ledger Nano wallets have several layers of security that
protect private keys, and hence your assets:

  * Your private keys are stored on secure element chips.
  * A PIN code and a 24-word recovery phrase are required to access the wallet.
  * Ledger Nano wallets have been built using highly durable materials for protection against physical damage.

With full isolation between private keys and your computer/mobile, Ledger Nano
cold wallets keep your keys secure and give you complete control over your
coins.

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-
crypto-wallet)

[What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-
to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-
difference)

[Hardware Wallets Vs Cold Wallets: What’s the
Difference?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-
whats-the-difference)

__Read

4 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=69ed0f07-165e-4139-bdb1-99352ae912b7&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=48ddaa71-17a0-476b-8264-048b735abd19&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Ftether&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=69ed0f07-165e-4139-bdb1-99352ae912b7&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=48ddaa71-17a0-476b-8264-048b735abd19&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Ftether&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=f9ebb64d-7078-4dab-b13f-2984303e9874&sid=0ed06cc01cfe11efb2ff773d34047d28&vid=0ed561701cfe11efaa38555f00086f63&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=USDT%20\(Tether\)%20Wallet%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Ftether&r=&lt=2634&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=771637)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A24%3A56%20GMT&n=0&b=USDT%20\(Tether\)%20Wallet%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Ftether&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

