[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L3RoZS1mdXR1cmUtb2YtZ2l2aW5nLWlzLWRpZ2l0YWwtb3VyLWJpbmFuY2UtY2hhcml0eS1zdXJ2ZXktcmVzdWx0cy02OTU1MjgxODI1ODY5Mzg5NzM0P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L3RoZS1mdXR1cmUtb2YtZ2l2aW5nLWlzLWRpZ2l0YWwtb3VyLWJpbmFuY2UtY2hhcml0eS1zdXJ2ZXktcmVzdWx0cy02OTU1MjgxODI1ODY5Mzg5NzM0P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# The Future of Giving is Digital: Our Binance Charity Survey Results

2023-09-05

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Charity conducted a survey with 1126 respondents to understand trends in charitable giving, particularly in the context of digital assets.

  * The survey revealed remarkable interest in crypto donations, with 32% of respondents preferring cryptocurrency as their giving method.

  * Factors influencing charitable giving include transparency, the cause itself, and impact, with humanitarian relief, education, and health being prominent areas of focus.

_The future of giving looks increasingly digital by the day. With blockchain
and crypto, we have the potential to revolutionize philanthropy._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230905/d4e68deb-d36d-407a-af07-cae4b6ce4bea)

In celebration of today’s International Day of Charity, we’ve got some
exciting results to share from our latest Binance Charity survey. We reached
out to our community aiming to understand the evolving landscape of charitable
giving.

1126 participants took part, including Binance users and members of the
broader public. The results will guide Binance Charity’s future initiatives
for them to be better aligned with the public and our community’s
philanthropic thoughts and feelings.

## Major Findings

The survey was conducted from August 19 to September 3, 2023 on the Binance
Survey platform. It was open to both Binance users and non-users, resulting in
1126 adults participating in this global study.

_The results of this survey are based on the responses of a limited sample of
individuals and are not representative of the views of Binance.  _

### Interest in crypto donations is robust

Conventional donation methods such as cash, checks, and credit cards remain
popular, accounting for 43% of preferences. However, the survey reveals a
sizable interest in blockchain-based charitable donations.

A substantial 32% of respondents indicated cryptocurrency as their preferred
giving method, emphasizing the importance of digital assets in philanthropy.

### Almost a third of respondents have already tried crypto charitable giving

In the survey, we saw a solid foundation for crypto-related donations and
philanthropy to expand even further. While 71% of respondents have never
utilized digital assets for charitable contributions, an emerging 29% already
have.

### Cost and transparency are leading reasons to prefer crypto

When asked why cryptocurrencies are becoming more popular as a tool for
charitable donations, our survey participants highlighted three fundamental
blockchain technology advantages. A notable 37% commended its transparency,
while 32% valued its effectiveness and cost-efficiency. Another 28% also
acknowledged blockchain's distinct capacity to improve accountability with
traceable transactions from the donor to the beneficiary.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230905/ae09c324-c538-4888-8dfa-
bef430954e9a)

### Donors have a range of factors shaping their charitable giving

As individuals choose where to donate, Binance Charity's found three decisive
elements that influence their decisions:

  1. **Transparency and accountability** – This aspect is crucial for 27% of participants, stressing that ethical practices and transparent reporting are essential in gaining donor confidence.

  2. **The cause itself** – Almost 26% of respondents are motivated to act by the charity's particular mission, demonstrating that a well-defined objective can be an influential attraction.

  3. **Impactfulness** – 18% of respondents concentrate on the tangible outcomes a charity achieves, suggesting that in this era of data-driven choices, visible results are significant.

We also identified three main areas of giving when it comes to philanthropic
endeavors:

  1. **Humanitarian relief** – 22% of participants emphasize the significance of prompt assistance in crisis situations.

  2. **Education** – Attracting 20% of respondents, this area of giving underscores the public’s drive to elevate people’s lives through education.

  3. **Health** – With a close proximity to education, 19% of participants expressed an interest in promoting wellness.

### Half of respondents only donate when they have the resources to do so

A majority of respondents, 51%, reported that they contribute whenever time
and resources are available. Notably, 20% of participants consider themselves
dedicated philanthropists, proactively searching for avenues to drive
significant change.

## How Binance Charity Empowers Global Good

Our survey offers useful insights into how people go about philanthropic
donations and paints a picture of crypto’s rising importance in this domain.
Here are some recent examples of how Binance Charity harnesses the power of
blockchain to support those in need of help.

  * Binance recently donated $10 million in crypto for crisis relief in Ukraine and introduced the unique Binance Refugee Card. This tool provides a quick, low-cost, and secure way to send money to cover people’s urgent needs. 

  * Binance airdropped $5 million to those affected by the 2023 earthquake in Turkey. Roughly $3 million of this was redeemed.

  * Binance's Crypto Against COVID campaign delivered $5.7 million in digital assets to fund the purchase of more than 2 million PPE items and 500,000 vaccines worldwide.

Alongside donations, Binance Charity offers education programs across the
world, with over 57,000 graduates to date. Examples include IT scholarships
with the Ministry of Digital Transformation in Ukraine, tech classes for women
in Brazil and South Africa, and working with Utiva in Africa.

## Blockchain Is a Powerful Tool for Charity

Our Binance Charity survey highlights a steady interest in cryptocurrency
donations. The advantages of the technology are plain to see, and we’re happy
that these benefits haven’t gone unnoticed. Thanks to your responses, we can
now develop initiatives that better meet the needs and wants of the
philanthropic community within and beyond Binance.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Here’s What You Missed at the Binance Charity AMA_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/heres-what-you-missed-at-the-binance-charity-ama-3291018977225865241)

  * [ _IT Generation Program: Empowering Ukrainians With Tech Scholarships | Binance Blog_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/it-generation-program-empowering-ukrainians-with-tech-scholarships-1473202064819672027)

  * [ _Binance Charity Chats: Crypto Donations And Hope For Haiti’s Earthquake Response_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-chats-crypto-donations-and-hope-for-haitis-earthquake-response-6250870064065955856)    

194,360,057 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

The Future of Giving is Digital: Our Binance Charity Survey Results

Main Takeaways

Major Findings

How Binance Charity Empowers Global Good

Blockchain Is a Powerful Tool for Charity

Further Reading

194,360,057 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

