  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Maximize Solana DeFi with Jupiter and Trust Wallet](/blog/maximize-solana-
defi-with-jupiter-trust-wallet)

##### Blockchain

# Maximize Solana DeFi with Jupiter and Trust Wallet

Published on: Feb 6, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Jupiter's Features**
  * **Connecting Your Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Swap Tokens Using Jupiter**

##### In Brief

Explore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Jupiter and Trust Wallet. Discover
secure swapping, limit orders, and DCA strategies for enhanced asset
management.

![Maximize Solana DeFi with Jupiter and Trust
Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_jupiter_trustwallet_74c2a51d04.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

Decentralized Finance (DeFi) has revolutionized the way we think about
financial services, offering more access, transparency, and efficiency. On the
Solana blockchain, this innovation reaches new heights, thanks to its rapid
transactions and minimal fees. A standout in the Solana ecosystem is Jupiter,
a decentralized exchange (DEX) aggregator that simplifies and optimizes
trading. By integrating a secure Web3 [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), such as Trust Wallet,
users can securely manage their assets and dive into Solana's DeFi space with
ease.

This guide will walk you through leveraging Jupiter's features, including
limit orders and Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA), and more. But before you jump
in, you'll need a secure [Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-
wallet) to connect to Jupiter. Trust Wallet is the most used mobile [Web3
crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com) in the world, and also includes a
browser extension you can use on desktop computers.

Be sure to get the most updated version of Trust Wallet now, then continue
below.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Understanding Jupiter's Features

[Jupiter](https://trustwallet.com/jupiter-wallet) acts as a liquidity
aggregator, pulling from various DEXs to offer users the best trading prices
and lower slippage. It's known for its straightforward interface, efficient
trading, and low fees, making it a favorite in the [Solana
ecosystem](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide). With high transaction volume and user engagement, Jupiter
has established itself as a key player in the DeFi space.

Jupiter also brings a suite of tools to your fingertips, including limit
orders, dollar-cost average (DCA), and more. Below we'll go over how to access
some of these features using your Trust Wallet.

## Connecting Your Trust Wallet

The first step to access DeFi on Jupiter is to connect your Trust Wallet.
Here’s how.

  * **If you’re using the mobile app** , open Trust Wallet and select the “Browser” tab, then enter the URL [https://jup.ag/](https://jup.ag/) into the search bar, and select the “Done” button. **If you’re using the browser extension** , simply navigate to the jup.ag URL site.

  * Select “Connect Wallet”.

![solana-jupiter-trustwallet-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_jupiter_trustwallet_4_04602986f0.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Now that your wallet is connected, you’re ready to swap tokens and access
other features.

## How to Swap Tokens Using Jupiter

Below we’ll go through basic swap instructions, as well how to access limit
orders and dollar-cost averaging on the Jupiter platform.

### Swap tokens

Swapping tokens is just a matter of choosing the asset you want to swap from,
and the asset you want to swap to. For example you could:

  * Choose SOL in the You’re Paying field, and BONK in the To Receive field.

  * Select “Swap” to initiate the swap. Then wait until the transaction goes through.

![solana-jupiter-trustwallet-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_jupiter_trustwallet_1_1c742d485f.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Limit Orders

Limit orders on Jupiter allow traders to set specific prices for buying or
selling tokens, offering a strategic approach to trading without constant
market watch. This feature on Solana's Jupiter platform enables trading across
a wide range of token pairs by tapping into the network's liquidity.

Unlike traditional order book models, Jupiter uses a keeper system to monitor
and execute orders at the set prices, leveraging Solana's on-chain liquidity
for order fulfillment.

Here’s how to set a limit order to swap crypto using Jupiter.

  * Select the “Limit Order” tab.

  * Enter the amount you want to swap from in the “You’re Selling” field. Also select the asset you want to swap to in the “You’re Buying” field.

  * Then you’ll want to enter the buy rate and expiry.

  * Finally, initiate your limit order.

![solana-jupiter-trustwallet-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_jupiter_trustwallet_2_2fd4f37470.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA)

DCA is a strategy where you divide your allocation into an asset across
periodic purchases to reduce the impact of volatility.

Jupiter's DCA feature facilitates automated dollar cost averaging for SPL
tokens, enabling users to methodically buy or sell tokens at set intervals.
When a DCA order is created, the tokens are transferred from the user's wallet
to a program-associated token account designed for this purpose. The process
begins with an immediate order upon the DCA setup, followed by subsequent
orders occurring at the selected regular intervals.

  * Select the “DCA” tab.

  * Enter the amount you want to swap from in the “I want to allocate” field. Also select the asset you want to swap to in the “To buy” field.

  * Enter the interval length (minute, hour, day, etc), as well as the “Every” field. For example for once per day, you’d enter 1 into Every, and “day” as interval length.

  * Also, enter how many DCA orders you want to do in the “Over” field.

  * Finally, select “Start DCA”.

![solana-jupiter-trustwallet-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_jupiter_trustwallet_3_caee93580e.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Conclusion

Jupiter, combined with Trust Wallet, offers a powerful gateway to Solana's
DeFi ecosystem. By utilizing features such as limit orders and DCA, you can
strategize your swaps, taking full advantage of what decentralized finance has
to offer. Remember, the key to successful DeFi engagement is understanding the
tools at your disposal and using them wisely. Also, always remember to do your
own research with regards to exploring any crypto asset or DeFi protocol.

_**Disclaimer:** Content is for informational purposes and not investment
advice. Web3 and crypto come with risk. Please do your own research with
respect to interacting with and holding cryptocurrencies. Exercise caution and
ensure decentralized applications (dApps) you connect to and use are safe.
View our terms of service at: [https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-
service](https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-service)._

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

