[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it Work?

# What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it Work?

By **Vineet Nair**

Mar 8, 2024 | **Updated Mar 8, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20An%20Ethereum%20Wallet%20and%20How%20Does%20it%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-
work&title=What%20Is%20An%20Ethereum%20Wallet%20and%20How%20Does%20it%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/06_Crypto_Cover_Purple-Tint-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— An [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum) allows you
to send, receive, secure, and manage your ETH and Ethereum tokens.  
  
— Every Ethereum wallet works slightly differently, thus choosing the best
wallet for you depends on its intended purpose.  
  
— Ledger Ethereum wallets offer you true ownership while keeping your funds
secure, and exploring the Ethereum ecosystem is easy via Ledger Live.  
  
As the digital landscape evolves, Ethereum, a leading blockchain platform, has
become pivotal in the world of cryptocurrency. Central to the interaction with
Ethereum’s ecosystem are Ethereum wallets, the keys to exploring the world of
digital identities and crypto assets.

Ethereum wallets are more than just digital vaults; they are the bridge
connecting us to the decentralized wonders of the Ethereum blockchain. From
free and accessible software wallets to robust and trusty hardware wallets,
each type offers a unique key to unlocking the world of digital assets. They
are gatekeepers to a user’s digital presence on the Ethereum blockchain.

This detailed guide delves into the multifaceted world of Ethereum wallets,
offering an in-depth understanding of their mechanics, varieties, and the
considerations essential for selecting the right one.

## What Is An Ethereum Wallet?

At its core, an Ethereum wallet acts as a digital interface, enabling you to
manage your Ethereum-based assets, execute transactions, and engage with
decentralized applications (dApps). The wallet, therefore, is a powerful tool
for navigating the Ethereum blockchain.

An Ethereum wallet simply lets you manage the assets at a specific blockchain
address, but how they do that differs from wallet to wallet. To understand
further, let’s dive into how Ethereum wallets work.

## How Does an Ethereum Wallet Work?

Typically, your crypto wallet will provide you with a secret recovery phrase
when you set it up initially. While this is not true for all Ethereum wallets
(such as Ethereum paper wallets) most crypto wallets today follow a
hierarchical deterministic model, meaning they allow you to generate a near
infinite number of Ethereum accounts with a single wallet. Thanks to the
invention of standardized secret recovery phrases, they also allow you to
restore all of these accounts with any HD wallet provider.

your Ethereum wallet can typically generate and store private keys for a range
of accounts. Each new account in your wallet is controlled by a separate key
pair. The public key is the unique identifier of the account, allowing people
to find your account details and send you funds. The private key, on the other
hand, is what you use to sign transactions: it allows you to control the funds
at a specific address.

Your Ethereum wallet’s job is to store that private key and keep it safe from
potential onlookers. Some Ethereum wallets will store those keys on your
laptop or smartphone, others will store them on a separate physical device.
The final step is allowing you to sign transactions. To sign a transaction,
your wallet uses your private key, thus verifying you agree to the terms of
what you’re signing.

Beyond these simple workings, there’s a lot more to it. For example, some
wallets don’t allow you to manage your private keys yourself, and private key
storage can also vary greatly from wallet to wallet. To understand deeper,
let’s dive into the different types of Ethereum wallets.

## Types of Ethereum Wallets

### **Software Ethereum Wallets**

Software wallets, as the name suggests, operate via software installed on
computers or mobile devices. They offer a user-friendly approach to crypto
management, allowing you to set up HD wallets with multiple accounts for free.
Beyond mere storage, these wallets often allow you instant access to
blockchain services, enabling users to engage with smart contracts and
decentralized applications (dApps) directly. Since software wallets are free
and easy to download, they are often the choice of beginners. However,
software wallets store private keys on the host device, meaning your laptop,
smartphone, or PC. Since these devices connect to the internet, software
wallets are often vulnerable to malware and spyware.

#### **Mobile Ethereum Wallets**

Mobile Ethereum wallets are software wallets designed specifically for
operating on smartphones and tablets. Typically, they stand out with their
intuitive interfaces and accessibility. Smartphones are so commonplace
throughout the world, that mobile wallets are available to anyone. Plus, since
they operate on smartphones, mobile wallets can use your phone’s camera to
scan QR codes. This can be extremely convenient when using crypto for everyday
purchases or in real life.

However, as a software wallet, mobile wallets are not always safe. Your
smartphone is vulnerable to malware, so if you’re using a mobile wallet, don’t
use it to protect valuable assets.

#### **Desktop Ethereum Wallets**

Installed on personal computers, Ethereum desktop wallets offer a
comprehensive suite of features you can use on a device you already own. Much
like a mobile wallet, desktop Ethereum wallets are available to download for
free.  Unfortunately, much like mobile wallets, desktop Ethereum wallets are
also vulnerable to malware and spyware on their host device: your computer.

#### **Ethereum Wallet Extensions**

The final type of software wallet operates via browser extensions. Essentially
these types of wallets are like apps in your browser. This may be a convenient
way to use a wallet, but it’s also hazardous. Using a wallet that operates as
a browser extension means it is always connected to the internet. This means
you could reveal your private keys to a bad actor via your internet
connection.

Thus if you’re using any type of software wallet, from mobile wallets to
browser extensions, make sure you don’t use them to store valuable assets.

### **Ethereum Paper Wallets**

Ethereum paper wallets are simply pieces of paper with private keys printed on
them. Since they are physical objects in the real world, they aren’t
vulnerable to online threats like malware and spyware.

The appeal of paper wallets lies in their simplicity and the absolute offline
security they provide—shielding assets from digital malfeasance. However,
Ethereum paper wallets have another vulnerability: physical damage or loss.
Unfortunately, paper just isn’t that robust. Apart from that, paper wallets
are also hard to use and don’t offer you any interface for sending and
receiving cryptocurrencies. You can’t connect to a defi app with a paper
wallet and you can’t manage multiple accounts with them either.

### **Ethereum Hardware Wallets**

Hardware wallets are physical devices that store private keys and sign
transactions in a secure offline environment. From there the wallet sends the
already signed transaction to your internet-connected device, which transmits
it to the blockchain. This keeps them insulated from online threats such as
malware or phishing attacks. Designed with security in mind, hardware wallets
provide a solution for managing all cryptocurrency holdings—big or small.

Ethereum hardware wallets also allow you to create multiple Ethereum accounts
and manage them with a single interface. This is perfect for those who want to
explore web3 freely. By setting up multiple accounts and segregating your
assets, you can connect to potentially malicious apps while keeping your main
holdings safe.  

In short, hardware wallets combine the best features of software and paper
wallets: accessibility and security.

## What is the Best Ethereum Wallet?

The “best” Ethereum wallet is subjective and varies based on individual
requirements. Factors to consider include the wallet’s security features, ease
of use, supported cryptocurrencies, and additional functionalities like
integration with dApps or exchanges.

If you need to connect to apps, dApps, and smart contracts, your best choice
is a software wallet. If you want to protect that software wallet and create
separate accounts storing a range of valuable assets, your best option is a
hardware wallet. What’s more important is considering the most useful features
a wallet should have for your purposes. So, let’s dive into what you should
consider when picking an Ethereum wallet.

## What to Consider When Picking an Ethereum Wallet

### **Custodial vs. Non-Custodial Wallets**

Custodial wallets are managed by a third party. It retains control over the
private keys of the account containing your funds. Much like a bank, the
service provider owns your account, it simply lets you use it.

The upside? You don’t need to worry about losing your keys (since you don’t
hold them). You can log in with an email address and password, and follow a
familiar password recovery process to regain access to your account. The
downside?  The custodial wallet provider reserves the right to deny you access
to your funds, meaning you don’t have true ownership of your assets. Remember:
“ _Not your keys, not your crypto”_. If a centralized entity controls the
private keys of your account, you don’t really own the assets stored there.

In contrast, non-custodial wallets give you complete control over your private
keys and, by extension, your assets. This model ensures you maintain full
autonomy over your funds. Non-custodial wallets have no intermediary with the
authority to freeze, access, or manage the assets without your consent. This
more decentralized approach to asset management aligns with the foundational
principles of blockchain technology.

Ledger devices exemplify the non-custodial model, providing a hardware-based
solution for secure asset storage. They store private keys offline, isolated
from online vulnerabilities using a secure element chip and also provide a
decentralized and secure method of asset management, ensuring true ownership
of their digital assets.

### **Ethereum Wallet Security**

Of course, security is the paramount consideration when choosing an Ethereum
wallet.  Not all wallets offer the same level of security infrastructure, and
this can significantly impact the safety of your assets.

As mentioned, software wallets are vulnerable to online threats such as
malware and spyware. Since they sign transactions online, they risk exposing
your private keys via your internet connection. To avoid these risks, your
best option is to store your private keys offline. Both paper wallets and
hardware wallets offer offline storage, which is preferable if you’re
protecting significant amounts of money.  

In some cases, you will need to use a software wallet to connect to a specific
app or platform, as the specific app might not support hardware wallets. If
you encounter this situation, the best option is to opt for a software wallet
you can use in tandem with a hardware wallet. For example, you can use
metamask with a Ledger device to connect to DeFi apps and NFT mints while
keeping your private keys offline.

Then when choosing a hardware wallet, you’ll want a device that can sign
transactions offline in a secure environment. It should also have robust
security measures to fend off physical hackers. For example, Ledger devices
store private keys offline in a secure element chip. This protects private
keys from online threats. Using the same chip as bank cards and passports also
means it is resistant to countless physical hacks such as glitching and fault
attacks. If you’re using a physical device on the go, this protection is
extremely important to protect your crypto should the device fall into the
wrong hands.

### **Usage Considerations**

Your intended use of cryptocurrency greatly influences the type of wallet you
should choose. When choosing an Ethereum wallet, your selection should align
with your specific needs, since not all Ethereum wallets support the same
assets.

Choosing a wallet that supports the assets you’re interested in is the first
step. For example, if you want to explore the world of NFTs, you will want to
use an Ethereum wallet that supports ERC-721 and ERC-1155 tokens. And while
most Ethereum wallets allow you to manage these NFTs, not all of them will let
you visualize them too.

For those planning to buy and sell, you will need a wallet that interacts with
NFT minting sites or marketplaces. Or if you’re more into tokens, DeFi, and
trading, you will need a wallet that supports ERC-20 tokens and allows you to
connect to decentralized exchanges and trading platforms. In short, it’s
important to check the wallet you’re using is compatible with the type of
asset you want to use and the platform you want to access.

Finally, if you plan to secure a sum of ETH long-term, none of those
functionalities are as important as security. In this case, you would want to
use a wallet that stores your private keys offline.

### **Wallet’s Reputation**

Researching an Ethereum wallet’s reputation is crucial for the safety of your
digital assets. Reviews, historical security breaches, and the wallet’s
response to such incidents reveal its reliability. Reputable wallets often
have robust security features and a good track record.

Not all wallets are equally trustworthy; some have fallen victim to remote or
physical hacks due to vulnerabilities in their code. So, before you decide on
a wallet, make sure you do your own research to identify a provider that
thinks of its user’s security first.

### **Wallet Backup Options**

#### HD wallets: restore from your seed phrase

Securing your Ethereum wallet with reliable backup options is essential for
safeguarding your assets against device failure, loss, or theft. The most
common, and most reliable method for backing up your crypto wallet is the safe
storage of your secret recovery phrase.

To explain, most wallets are HD wallets, meaning you can manage a near-
infinite number of accounts from a single interface, and restore any
associated account using a single mnemonic named a secret recovery phrase (or
seed phrase). Both Ethereum hardware and software wallets use this model and
the method is standardized. That means even if you lose your hardware wallet,
you can recover all of the associated accounts by importing the secret
recovery phrase into a software wallet’s interface and vice versa. Thus, if
you want a secure backup option, using an HD wallet is a great starting point.

#### **Backup Hardware Devices**

If you want to create an extremely secure backup, a great option is to create
a backup hardware device. With this method, you buy a second Ethereum hardware
wallet to import the same accounts onto. Instead of storing a piece of paper
with your secret recovery phrase as backup, you have two devices that allow
you to access the same accounts.

#### **Through a Centralized Entity**

Using a non-custodial wallet, you must look after your own backup. This is
preferable, as it gives you true ownership over your assets. However, some
wallets are custodial. This means that you don’t own your private keys, thus,
if you want to restore your account, you must typically undergo a more
familiar password recovery process, much like you would with any other web2
financial platform. However, it’s important to note that centralized entities
may not restore your access, as they have the final say over your assets.

#### **Via Backup Services**

Some wallet providers may also offer services to help you manage your wallet
backup. For example, using a Ledger device, you can sign up to Ledger Recover;
a paid optional service that can help you secure a backup and access it
whenever you need using just your identity.

## How Much Does an Ethereum Wallet Cost?

Choosing an Ethereum wallet comes down to what you’re comfortable spending and
the level of security you’re after. Sure, you can start with software and
custodial wallets without spending a penny, but they’re not without their
risks, which could end up costing you more down the line.

Then you’ve got hardware wallets. Yes, they’re a bit of an upfront investment.
They need to be made, and designed, and all that tech has to be paid for. But
if you’re serious about keeping your crypto safe, that investment makes sense.
Think about it: losing your crypto to a hacker is going to hit your pocket
much harder than the $79 you’d spend on a Ledger device.

## How To Use an Ethereum Wallet

### **Creating an Ethereum Wallet**

Creating an Ethereum wallet means choosing a wallet provider.

Using a custodial wallet, you will have to set up login details, such as an
email address and password. Typically, custodial wallets will also force you
to undergo a KYC, which means showing the provider a copy of your government
identification.

Using a non-custodial wallet, the process is a little different. With a
software wallet, you will have to download and install the interface on your
web2 device, such as your PC or smartphone. For hardware wallets, you will
need to buy the device and install its companion software on your internet-
connected device.

From there, both non-custodial wallet types will provide you with a secret
recovery phrase. This is a string of 12-24 English words that will allow you
to restore your wallet using any HD wallet provider. Think of this as the
golden key to your digital kingdom.

From there, you will need to create a new Ethereum account to send and receive
ETH and Ethereum tokens. Your Ethereum wallet uses your SRP to generate key
pairs for each new account you create. The private key is like the secret
password to your account, giving you the power to manage it, while the public
key is more like your account’s address or ID, letting the world know where to
send your Ether.

### **Storing ETH in a Wallet**

It’s important to clarify that Ethereum wallets do not store ETH, they store
the private keys needed to control your Ethereum accounts. To store ETH you
must move it to an account managed by a private key you control.

### **Sending & Receiving ETH with a Wallet**

To send ETH, you need to initiate and confirm the transaction using your
wallet’s interface. At this point, your wallet uses your private key to sign
the transaction and then transmits it to the blockchain.

To receive ETH, you will need to share your blockchain address with the
sender. Each Ethereum account has a different blockchain address, which is
derived from its public key. This public key is generated by your Ethereum
wallet and serves as a unique identifier for your account.

## Ledger Ethereum Wallets

With Ledger devices, you can access the Ethereum ecosystem with the comfort of
security. Ledger Ethereum wallets are multi-faceted, allowing you to secure
and manage ETH and Ethereum tokens such as memecoins, stablecoins, NFTs, and
more. Not only that, but via Ledger Live you can buy, sell, swap, and stake
ETH with ease. Plus, Ledger Live offers a wide range of Ethereum apps and
services that each benefit from Ledger’s clear signing plugin. That means you
can start exploring NFT and DeFi platforms without blind signing—the biggest
threat to your Ledger device.

All in all, Ledger devices and their Ethereum apps, offer the perfect
environment to start exploring the Ethereum ecosystem.

## Conclusion

Ethereum wallets are essential tools for anyone engaging with the Ethereum
blockchain. They offer not just a means to store and manage digital assets but
also serve as a gateway to the broader Ethereum ecosystem. Understanding the
types, features, and security aspects of these wallets is crucial for making
informed decisions and effectively managing your digital assets.

So what are you waiting for? Get yourself a Ledger device and start managing
your Ethereum assets with a wallet designed for security.

## Frequently Asked Questions About Ethereum Wallets

### **What is Ethereum?**

Ethereum is a layer 1 blockchain that enables the development of decentralized
applications (dApps) and smart contracts, with its native cryptocurrency,
Ether (ETH), facilitating transactions within this ecosystem.

### **What are the Features of Ethereum?**

Ethereum is distinguished by its smart contract functionality, Ethereum
Virtual Machine (EVM) that executes complex contract operations, and a
thriving decentralized finance (DeFi) landscape that offers alternatives to
traditional financial services.

### **How to Set Up an Ethereum Wallet?**

Setting up an Ethereum wallet involves selecting an appropriate wallet type,
downloading and installing the application, creating or importing an Ethereum
account, and securely storing the recovery phrase or seed phrase. This process
varies slightly based on the type of wallet chosen.

### **What’s the Most Secure Ethereum Wallet?**

Hardware wallets are widely regarded as the most secure option for storing
ETH, as they keep private keys completely offline, rendering them inaccessible
to online hacking attempts.

### **Why Use an Ethereum Wallet?**

An Ethereum wallet is essential for securely managing ETH and related digital
assets, executing transactions, and engaging with the vast array of
applications and services on the Ethereum network.

### **What Is BIP-39?**

BIP 39, or Bitcoin Improvement Proposal 39, is a protocol that outlines how to
generate a mnemonic phrase—a series of words used to back up and recover
blockchain wallets. This mnemonic phrase, often consisting of 12, 18, or 24
words, acts as a human-readable form of your wallet’s private keys, making it
easier to record and remember. Think of BIP 39 as a secret codebook that turns
a complex digital key into a list of simple words, like “apple sunshine
river.” It’s a way to back up and access your digital wallet using words
instead of hard-to-remember numbers and letters.

### **What are Public and Private Keys?**

Public keys, which can be safely shared, are used to receive funds. In
contrast, private keys, which should be kept secret, are used to authorize and
sign transactions, thereby proving ownership of the associated assets.

### **Do I Need an Ethereum Wallet?**

If you intend to interact with the Ethereum network, hold or utilize ETH or
other tokens, an Ethereum wallet is indispensable for ensuring the security
and functionality of your digital assets.

**Vineet Nair**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20An%20Ethereum%20Wallet%20and%20How%20Does%20it%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-
work&title=What%20Is%20An%20Ethereum%20Wallet%20and%20How%20Does%20it%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=746dd8ac-994d-470e-94cf-f695f6bf1f61&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fe0333e6-1ad9-46cc-
af0c-b94c6d23bb9d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=746dd8ac-994d-470e-94cf-f695f6bf1f61&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fe0333e6-1ad9-46cc-
af0c-b94c6d23bb9d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=73a36289-28e1-4846-b54a-70244ee6a8b6&sid=16c16e201cfd11efa623dd93175c2523&vid=16c180801cfd11efb4a0c1d9c66bb027&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20An%20Ethereum%20Wallet%20and%20How%20Does%20it%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-
work&r=&lt=2571&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=528536)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A00%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20An%20Ethereum%20Wallet%20and%20How%20Does%20it%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
is-an-ethereum-wallet-and-how-does-it-work&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

