[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYm9vc3RpbmctZmluYW5jaWFsLWxpdGVyYWN5LWFuZC1lcXVhbGl0eS1iaW5hbmNlLWFuZC13dGVjaC10YWtlLXdlYjMtZWR1Y2F0aW9uLWZvci13b21lbi10by10aGUtZWFydGhxdWFrZS16b25lLTQ2Mzc2NjU2MjY4ODM0Nzg3NT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYm9vc3RpbmctZmluYW5jaWFsLWxpdGVyYWN5LWFuZC1lcXVhbGl0eS1iaW5hbmNlLWFuZC13dGVjaC10YWtlLXdlYjMtZWR1Y2F0aW9uLWZvci13b21lbi10by10aGUtZWFydGhxdWFrZS16b25lLTQ2Mzc2NjU2MjY4ODM0Nzg3NT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Boosting Financial Literacy and Equality: Binance and WTech Take Web3
Education For Women to the Earthquake Zone

2024-04-05

## Main Takeaways

  * The _Binance Women in Technology Academy_ , organized in collaboration with the Women in Technology Association (WTech), extended its training programs to reach women in earthquake-affected areas of Turkey. 

  * Held in the city of Hatay on March 26-27, the educational series welcomed 80 young women from the earthquake zone. 

  * The Academy was designed to increase the presence of women in the fields of crypto, blockchain, and Web3, promoting gender equality in the industry and contributing to the growth of the high-tech sector of Turkey's economy.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240405/0c90bc64-1f7b-4b21-8e6b-afeeaa7e8e15)

With a mission to promote equal opportunities in the crypto sector and
increase women's financial literacy, Binance has collaborated with Turkey’s
Women in Technology Association (Wtech) to launch the Binance Women in
Technology Academy. By bringing its educational programs to Hatay, the academy
reached young female university students living in earthquake-affected areas.

Taking place in the Antakya district of Hatay on March 26-27, 2024, the
program provided training sessions on financial literacy, blockchain
technology, artificial intelligence, NFTs, cybersecurity, and more to equip
learners with the knowledge and skills necessary to participate in the Web3
world. At the end of the program, certificates were presented to the 80
participants. Binance also provided 270 Ramadan meal packages to the families
that live in the container city where the courses took place.

## Preparing Women to Lead

The Binance Women in Technology Academy, launched in January 2024, has
recently completed its pilot 8-week program, graduating its first cohort of
students. The collaboration between Binance and Wtech aims not only to
introduce young women to the world of technology but also to provide them with
opportunities to lead both in their careers and society. The initiative aims
to increase the presence of women in the fields of crypto, blockchain, and
Web3, addressing gender inequality in the industry. Following the success of
its initial cohort of 50 students, the team decided to take the program to
Hatay.

Speaking at the graduation ceremony held at the end of the two-day intensive
educational series in Hatay, Mücahit Dönmez, General Manager of Binance
Turkey, emphasized Binance’s relief efforts in the wake of the February 6th
earthquake: "Here at Binance Turkey, we have taken important steps to show our
support for earthquake victims. Binance donated $100 worth of BNB to each of
its users in the earthquake-affected areas of the country. Additionally,
donations collected through Binance Charity were sent to the Turkish Red
Crescent to support earthquake victims, and steel houses were built through
our donation to AHBAP and opened for use as schools.”

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240405/b69a8b97-053e-4eb3-babe-b33436218b5a)

Turkey is not only a country with a crypto adoption rate of around 40% but
also one of the global leaders in terms of popular excitement for crypto and
new technologies. Still, as Dönmez highlighted, despite the positive global
trend in gender equality in the crypto sector in recent years, inequality
persists. Binance is committed to promoting equality and diversity both within
the company and across the entire ecosystem. Our mission goes beyond
education, and we aim to empower our students to shape the future by giving
them courage.

## “More than an Educational Program”

Zehra Öney, Founding Chair of the Women in Technology Association, partner of
the Binance Women in Technology Academy, also spoke at the ceremony, noting,
"As the Women in Technology Association, our main goal has always been to
train expert and competent individuals in the field of technology and to carry
out focused efforts to increase the number of women in the workplace,
production processes, and entrepreneurship. There was a very high interest in
this program. With this program, we made a good start in training strong
qualified women leaders who will fill the gap in Turkey and beyond.”

Finally, Harika Eldoğan, Marketing Director of Binance in Turkey, emphasized
the project’s goal of providing education to 5,000 women in 5 years. She said,
"We are working to expand the crypto ecosystem in Turkey. Especially for us,
it is very important to include young people and women in this ecosystem. We
support women in evaluating new opportunities in their journey towards
financial freedom and supporting their development in these areas.”  Eldoğan
added that the Binance Women in Technology Academy is as much an educational
program as it is an initiative to create a community. Through this program,
women working in different fields can come together, connect, and share
knowledge and experiences.

The program concluded with a graduation ceremony, during which over 80
students were awarded their completion certificates and gift tablets from
Lenovo to support them throughout their educational and professional journeys.
Also, the Binance team demonstrated support for Hatay’s local community by
donating 270 Ramadan food packages to families residing in the area’s
container city instead of hosting its annual iftar dinner in Istanbul. The
container city, built by Needs Map, was constructed last year after the
earthquake to house families who lost their homes, and it was also where the
educational series took place.

## Further Reading

  * [Binance Academy Teams Up with BNB Chain to Introduce a Tailored Developer Education Program](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-academy-teams-up-with-bnb-chain-to-introduce-a-tailored-developer-education-program-5364403793792536138)

  * [Binance Academy and Blockchain Center to Educate Over a Million Students Globally by 2026](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binance-academy-and-blockchain-center-to-educate-over-a-million-students-globally-by-2026-988442039799527620)

  * [Binance Donates $100,000 to Turkish Non-Profit Ahbap for Earthquake Recovery Efforts](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-donates-$100000-to-turkish-nonprofit-ahbap-for-earthquake-recovery-efforts-3030991298381489453)

195,057,719 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Boosting Financial Literacy and Equality: Binance and WTech Take Web3
Education For Women to the Earthquake Zone

Main Takeaways

Preparing Women to Lead

“More than an Educational Program”

Further Reading

195,057,719 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

