[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/ar/buy-bitcoin)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/kaufen-sie-bitcoin)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/ru/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/es/buy-bitcoin)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/bitcoin%E3%81%AE%E8%B3%BC%E5%85%A5)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/ko/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/tr/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/buy-bitcoin)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Buy Bitcoin

On this page, you'll learn how to buy Bitcoin aka digital gold. Bitcoin is the
first cryptocurrency ever created. Today, it is the most valuable and widely
adopted crypto asset. Find out everything you need to know about buying,
using, holding, and securing your BTC.

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/buy-bitcoin-
cover.svg)

Quick access

  * Quick access __
  * __  Bitcoin History
  * __  Why Bitcoin?
  * __  How to get Bitcoin?
  * __  Secure Bitcoin

![What is Bitcoin \(BTC\)?](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/buy-bitcoin-what.svg)

## What is Bitcoin (BTC)?

Bitcoin [BTC] is the first cryptocurrency. It was introduced in 2009 by an
unknown person named Satoshi Nakamoto in the famous whitepaper “Bitcoin: A
Peer-to-Peer Electronic Cash System.”



The very first sentence of the whitepaper couldn’t portray its purpose more
clearly: “A purely peer-to-peer version of electronic cash would allow online
payments to be sent directly from one party to another without going through a
financial institution.” Bitcoin removes (not so) trusted third parties, giving
everyone complete control over their own money.

## Is Bitcoin (BTC) a good investment?

Bitcoin is more than just money. It’s a digital revolution, a new system where
you can make your own moves.

### True Ownership

Bitcoin allows you to truly own your funds. Bitcoin blockchain is a
decentralized network that removes the need to trust third-parties. No bank or
institution controls your money. With Bitcoin, you have complete freedom to
choose what you want to do with your assets.

### Borderless

Bitcoin is a truly borderless network. Whether you are in the United States or
in Japan, you can access your cryptocurrencies. Crypto helps bring the world
closer together, giving you the choice to quickly make transactions with
anyone, anywhere.

### Open and Inclusive

Bitcoin has been created by individuals rather than governments and is
maintained by a growing community— giving the network stability and power.
Bitcoin is transparent. You can see every transaction that was ever made due
to its public nature. Most importantly, anyone can join.

### Fast

A Bitcoin transaction would take only around 10 minutes, and some other crypto
assets can even do this in a few seconds. Compared to cryptocurrencies, a
traditional wire transaction takes quite a bit longer: about 24 hours if it’s
a national transaction. For international ones, this can be anywhere between 1
to 4 days.

### Low fees

In traditional banking systems, national transfers can contain fees for wire
transactions, and charges increase with the transactions’ size. If you make an
international transaction, this fee increases even more. With Bitcoin,
transaction fees are lower than traditional wire transfers. Whether you send a
little or a lot – this has little impact on your fees.

## How to use Bitcoin (BTC)?

### HODL your Bitcoin Long-term

A long-term investment is one where you expect a cryptocurrency to perform
better over a longer period of time. This strategy is often referred to as
[holding your BTC in a Bitcoin
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) for a long time period
while betting on continuous and gradual growth. When choosing this strategy,
it is really important to be well-informed, educate yourself, before
investing, and, ideally, to really believe in the cryptocurrency you invest
in. Many people like to purchase some and put them to the side in the hopes
that they will be worth more in the future.

  

  

### Trade your Bitcoin Short-term

These are investments made over shorter time periods in the hope of making
quick profits and can take seconds, minutes, days or more. Although crypto
like Bitcoin or Ethereum can be traded in the short term, you could be more
interested in young and new cryptocurrencies with quick growth potential. Of
course, as a financial asset, cryptocurrency can be part of an investment
strategy, bought, traded or held in an attempt to make money.  
The investment potential got a lot of public attention during the Bitcoin boom
of 2017.

### Buy Bitcoin with Ledger Live

You can [**buy Bitcoin** directly](https://changelly.com/buy/btc) through the
Ledger Live app with our partners.



When using the Buy feature on Ledger Live, the crypto you bought is
automatically sent by our partners to the address created by your Ledger
wallet. This makes sure your freshly bought bitcoin is kept secure and in your
control from the moment you finish the purchase.



[Learn more about Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Learn more
about Ledger Live")

![Buy Bitcoin with Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/buy-bitcoin-ledger-live.jpg)

## How to safely  
buy Bitcoin

[Why choose Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/why-you-
should-choose-ledger-hardware-wallets "Why choose Ledger")

When buying Bitcoin, two things really matter: the security and the ownership
of your coins. If you purchase Bitcoin online, you don’t own your private key,
the exchange platform does. This means two things:



  * You are not in control as you are not the true owner of your crypto.
  * You are prone to being hacked because your security relies on an exchange platform which is the ideal target for hackers.



Ledger created a solution that enables you to secure and own your key. Our
hardware wallet, combined with Ledger Live, is the best way to secure and
manage your digital assets. Your private key always remains offline in the
hardware wallet. No one can access it or use it except you. You’ll need your
key to access Ledger Live.



With Ledger, buy, sell and grow your crypto all in one single place without
ever compromising the security of your coins.

## Buy Bitcoin (BTC)  
and other cryptocurrencies with Ledger Live

Buy and securely manage bitcoin (BTC) and more cryptocurrencies with Ledger
Live

[ ![Bitcoin Cash](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/bitcoin-cash.svg) Bitcoin Cash BCH
](/buy-bitcoin-cash) [ ![Ethereum](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/ethereum.svg) Ethereum ETH ](/buy-
ethereum) [ ![Stellar](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/stellar.svg) Stellar XLM ](/buy-
stellar) [ ![Tether](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/11/tether.svg) Tether USDT ](/buy-usdt)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/faq/ledger-card-faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__Can I buy Bitcoin with a credit / debit card?

[Buying Bitcoin (BTC) with a credit or debit card](https://www.ledger.com/buy-
bitcoin/credit-card) is possible in Ledger Live through our partner Coinify.
Your newly bought crypto is immediately sent to the safety of your Ledger
hardware wallet.

__Can I buy Bitcoin with Paypal?

Ledger Live users based in the United States can buy crypto using PayPal.
Crypto you can currently buy with PayPal through Ledger Live: BTC, ETH, LTC,
BCH.  If you already have an eligible account with PayPal, you can proceed
more quickly. If not, you’ll have to go through the ID verification process.
Find step-by-step instructions on how to buy crypto with PayPal through Ledger
Live [here](https://support.ledger.com/hc/articles/11906356899869?docs=true).

__Is it safe to buy Bitcoin?

Bitcoin is only as secure as the wallet storing it.

Ledger hardware wallets and Ledger Live app are designed to make buying and
securing crypto easy.

__How to buy Bitcoin with Ledger Live?

You can buy Bitcoin with different providers through the Ledger Live app. Once
payment is processed, your Bitcoin is sent to the security of your Ledger
hardware wallet. Check how the process works
[here](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-
ledger-live).

__Can I buy Bitcoin Instantly?

With Ledger Live, you can buy Bitcoin quickly using a variety of providers.

__Can I buy less than 1 BTC?

You can buy less than 1 BTC.

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/ar/buy-bitcoin)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/kaufen-sie-bitcoin)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/ru/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/es/buy-bitcoin)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/bitcoin%E3%81%AE%E8%B3%BC%E5%85%A5)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/ko/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/tr/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/buy-bitcoin)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5d884fe9-df95-4eda-8e60-ea5efb4e9788&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c1ba3953-65d5-4f1e-8c90-cf203ba0162e&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=5d884fe9-df95-4eda-8e60-ea5efb4e9788&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c1ba3953-65d5-4f1e-8c90-cf203ba0162e&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=9fb072b6-7839-4087-a90e-8e0020470f94&sid=d465a9801cfd11efa7dd65a0b6981eee&vid=d465af501cfd11efa1c07bc0fa75d694&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Buy%20Bitcoin%20with%20Credit%20Card%20or%20PayPal%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin&r=&lt=2426&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=198943)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A23%3A19%20GMT&n=0&b=Buy%20Bitcoin%20with%20Credit%20Card%20or%20PayPal%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

