[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# TERMS OF USE

By accessing this website and any materials presented herein (the "Site"), you
agree to the following terms and conditions pertaining to the use of the Site.
Jump Trading Group, including Jump Operations, LLC and its subsidiaries and
affiliates (collectively, “Company”) reserves the right to change the terms,
conditions and notices under which this Site is offered without notice at any
time. Each use of the Site constitutes your agreement to be bound by the then-
current terms and conditions set forth in these Terms of Use. The Terms of Use
incorporates the Privacy Policy.  
  

### 1\. LIMITED LICENSE

Nothing contained in these Terms of Use or the Site itself grants or will be
construed to grant to you or any third party any title or interest in or any
license or right to use or reproduce, any image, text, software, code,
trademark, logo or service mark contained in the Site, including without
limitation the names or logos of the Company. The Company reserves, and will
enforce to the fullest extent possible, all rights that it may have with
respect to copyright and trademark ownership of all material contained in the
Site. The Company grants you a limited, nonexclusive license to display and
otherwise use portions of the Site solely for your own private, non-commercial
informational purposes only, and to print pages from the Site only in
connection with that use. You may not modify, distribute, transmit, perform,
reproduce, publish, license, create derivative works from, transfer or sell
any text, graphics, logos and other source-identifying symbols, designs,
icons, images, or other information, software or code obtained from the Site.  
  

### 2\. NO WARRANTY

THE COMPANY AND ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, MANAGERS, DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS,
AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, SUITABILITY OR
OTHER CHARACTERISTICS OF THE INFORMATION AND MATERIALS CONTAINED ON OR
PRESENTED THROUGH THE SITE. ANY CONTENT OF THE SITE IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE
WITHOUT NOTICE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION AND MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY HEREBY FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO SUCH INFORMATION AND MATERIALS,
INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND AVAILABILITY.  
  

### 3\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, AND ITS RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, MANAGERS,
DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS, AGENTS AND EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIMS,
LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH (I) THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR WITH ANY DELAY
IN USING THE SITE, OR (II) ANY INFORMATION AND MATERIALS OBTAINED THROUGH THE
SITE, OR (III) OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE; IN ANY CASE
WHETHER BASED ON THEORIES ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR
OTHERWISE. SUCH LIMITATIONS APPLY EVEN IF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS RESPECTIVE
OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, PRINCIPALS, AGENTS OR EMPLOYEES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES.  
  

### 4\. GENERAL

If any provision of these Terms of Use is held to be invalid or unenforceable
in any jurisdiction, then such provision shall be deemed modified to the
minimum extent necessary so that such provision shall no longer be held to be
invalid or unenforceable and these Terms of Use shall be interpreted so as to
achieve the intent expressed herein to the greatest extent possible in the
jurisdiction in question. Any such modification, invalidity or
unenforceability shall be strictly limited both to such provision and to such
jurisdiction.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/eb6d2994562972bdf43ee890baeb02ae/80e7e/lines.svg)![](/static/eb6d2994562972bdf43ee890baeb02ae/80e7e/lines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

