[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

news

### Introducing the Wormhole Fellowship

Mar 04, 2024

·

2 min read

![https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3wJ5En5mJsOiXS1FjYJ6YY/69de624d2afc3c5886276724964c7187/Fellowship.png](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3wJ5En5mJsOiXS1FjYJ6YY/69de624d2afc3c5886276724964c7187/Fellowship.png?w=1080&q=75)

##### What is the Wormhole Fellowship?

The Wormhole Fellowship serves as a launchpad for community members and aims
to spread awareness about Wormhole. Our goal is to cultivate a passionate
community & make our community members the true fellows of Wormhole,
representing Wormhole and its values to the public, and helping reach more
people worldwide.

The program’s focus is chain-specific, meaning you will have the opportunity
to represent Wormhole by serving the communities of one or more chains for
which you have specialized knowledge.

Through active participation and progress within the program, you can connect
with like-minded individuals, display your passion and talents, earn exclusive
rewards & recognition, and unlock potential full-time career opportunities in
the world of Web3.

##### How Does the Program Work?

The Wormhole Fellowship is divided into several different levels, each
offering distinctive rewards, benefits, and recognition. Advancement to higher
ranks requires individuals to actively engage in the community, create
exceptional content, propagate the essence of the program, attract quality
members, and maintain consistent involvement.

> An initiative that aims to engage and empower our community members to
> become representatives of the Wormhole ecosystem and contribute actively
> towards its growth.

##### How Can I Contribute?

We encourage members of the fellowship to contribute in any way that best
suits their individual skills and interests. Here are a few examples of ways
to contribute to the program.

  * Content Creation: Create educational content aimed at informing and engaging the Wormhole community. This can be any form of content including Twitter threads, YouTube videos, TikTok videos, blog posts, memes, artwork, or emojis.
  * Translations: Translate or create content in your chosen language(s), run regional Twitter accounts, moderate language-specific channels in Discord, and attend regional events.
  * Event Organizing: Host in-person or online events, attend conferences, moderate or join Twitter spaces to talk about Wormhole, and help manage and support builder communities or regional community groups.
  * Technical Contributions: Contribute to Wormhole’s open source repository, help work on our documentation, create technical writing pieces, build bots for the Wormhole discord server, or build analytics tooling and dashboards.
  * Community Relations and Support: Engage with the community and provide support in Wormhole’s social channels or in the social channels of your favorite chain or d’app in Wormhole’s ecosystem.

The program also has a task board system detailing specific tasks members of
the Wormhole Fellowship can work on. This board will be updated on a regular
basis to ensure that you’ll always have choices of ways to get involved!

![boys](//images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1dIh4q31VgPbcdhIMLVZlC/81cc352852c3b1322229c868780691e7/boys.jpg?w=1080&q=75)

##### Rewards, Recognition and Benefits

The Wormhole Fellowship brings a spectrum of unique opportunities for
recognition, rewards, and benefits that become accessible as fellows ascend
the ranks.

These opportunities range from Wormhole merch packages, the chance to rise to
leadership roles, and even the possibility of advancing into a full-time
position within the Wormhole ecosystem. Wormhole fellows may also have the
opportunity to earn additional rewards.

##### How Do I Join?

We're seeking trailblazers who can help spread the word about Wormhole,
attract new members, and create exceptional content. If you can facilitate
outreach efforts in different countries and help expand our reach within local
communities, then you're just who we're looking for.

To apply, follow these three steps:

  1. Follow Wormhole on our social media platforms (Twitter, Telegram, YouTube) and check out our Website and Blog to stay up to date with all significant announcements.
  2. Join our [Discord](http://localhost:3000/) and actively engage with our community.
  3. Fill out the program signup form and embark on your journey.

##### About Wormhole

Wormhole is the leading interoperability platform that powers multichain
applications and bridges at scale. Wormhole provides developers access to
liquidity and users on over 30 of the leading blockchain networks, enabling
use cases that span DeFi, NFTs, governance, and more.

The wider Wormhole network is trusted and used by teams like Circle and
Uniswap. To date, the platform has facilitated the transfer of over 40 billion
dollars through over 1 billion cross-chain messages. To learn more about
Wormhole, [Twitter](https://twitter.com/wormhole),
[Discord](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto), or
[blog](https://wormhole.com/blog/).

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

