Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Block proposal

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
January 17, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Who produces blocks?
    * Random selection
  * How is the block created?
  * What happens to the block?
  * Block rewards
  * Further reading

Blocks are the fundamental units of the blockchain. Blocks are discrete units
of information that get passed between nodes, agreed upon and added to each
node's database. This page explains how they are produced.

## Prerequisites

Block proposal is part of the proof-of-stake protocol. To help understand this
page, we recommend you read about [proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) and [block
architecture](/en/developers/docs/blocks/).

## Who produces blocks?

Validator accounts propose blocks. Validator accounts are managed by node
operators who run validator software as part of their execution and consensus
clients and have deposited at least 32 ETH into the deposit contract. However,
each validator is only occasionally responsible for proposing a block.
Ethereum measures time in slots and epochs. Each slot is twelve seconds, and
32 slots (6.4 minutes) make up an epoch. Every slot is an opportunity to add a
new block on Ethereum.

### Random selection

A single validator is pseudo-randomly chosen to propose a block in each slot.
There is no such thing as true randomness in a blockchain because if each node
generated genuinely random numbers, they couldn't come to consensus. Instead,
the aim is to make the validator selection process unpredictable. The
randomness is achieved on Ethereum using an algorithm called RANDAO that mixes
a hash from the block proposer with a seed that gets updated every block. This
value is used to select a specific validator from the total validator set. The
validator selection is fixed two epochs in advance as a way to protect against
certain kinds of seed manipulation.

Although validators add to RANDAO in each slot, the global RANDAO value is
only updated once per epoch. To compute the index of the next block proposer,
the RANDAO value is mixed with the slot number to give a unique value in each
slot. The probability of an individual validator being selected is not simply
`1/N` (where `N` = total active validators). Instead, it is weighted by the
effective ETH balance of each validator. The maximum effective balance is 32
ETH (this means that `balance < 32 ETH` leads to a lower weight than `balance
== 32 ETH`, but `balance > 32 ETH` does not lead to higher weighting than
`balance == 32 ETH`).

Only one block proposer is selected in each slot. Under normal conditions, a
single block producer creates and releases a single block in their dedicated
slot. Creating two blocks for the same slot is a slashable offence, often
known as "equivocation".

## How is the block created?

The block proposer is expected to broadcast a signed beacon block that builds
on top of the most recent head of the chain according to the view of their own
locally-run fork choice algorithm. The fork choice algorithm applies any
queued attestations left over from the previous slot, then finds the block
with the greatest accumulated weight of attestations in its history. That
block is the parent of the new block created by the proposer.

The block proposer creates a block by collecting data from its own local
database and view of the chain. The contents of the block are shown in the
snippet below:

    
    
    1class BeaconBlockBody(Container):
    
    2    randao_reveal: BLSSignature
    
    3    eth1_data: Eth1Data
    
    4    graffiti: Bytes32
    
    5    proposer_slashings: List[ProposerSlashing, MAX_PROPOSER_SLASHINGS]
    
    6    attester_slashings: List[AttesterSlashing, MAX_ATTESTER_SLASHINGS]
    
    7    attestations: List[Attestation, MAX_ATTESTATIONS]
    
    8    deposits: List[Deposit, MAX_DEPOSITS]
    
    9    voluntary_exits: List[SignedVoluntaryExit, MAX_VOLUNTARY_EXITS]
    
    10    sync_aggregate: SyncAggregate
    
    11    execution_payload: ExecutionPayload
    
    Show all

The `randao_reveal` field takes a verifiable random value that the block
proposer creates by signing the current epoch number. `eth1_data` is a vote
for the block proposer's view of the deposit contract, including the root of
the deposit Merkle trie and the total number of deposits that enable new
deposits to be verified. `graffiti` is an optional field that can be used to
add a message to the block. `proposer_slashings` and `attester_slashings` are
fields that contain proof that certain validators have committed slashable
offenses according to the proposer's view of the chain. `deposits` is a list
of new validator deposits that the block proposer is aware of, and
`voluntary_exits` is a list of validators that wish to exit that the block
proposer has heard about on the consensus layer gossip network. The
`sync_aggregate` is a vector showing which validators were previously assigned
to a sync committee (a subset of validators that serve light client data) and
participated in signing data.

The `execution_payload` enables information about transactions to be passed
between the execution and consensus clients. The `execution_payload` is a
block of execution data that gets nested inside a beacon block. The fields
inside the `execution_payload` reflect the block structure outlined in the
Ethereum yellow paper, except that there are no ommers and `prev_randao`
exists in place of `difficulty`. The execution client has access to a local
pool of transactions that it has heard about on its own gossip network. These
transactions are executed locally to generate an updated state trie known as a
post-state. The transactions are included in the `execution_payload` as a list
called `transactions` and the post-state is provided in the `state-root`
field.

All of these data are collected in a beacon block, signed, and broadcast to
the block proposer's peers, who propagate it on to their peers, etc.

Read more about the [anatomy of blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/).

## What happens to the block?

The block is added to the block proposer's local database and broadcast to
peers over the consensus layer gossip network. When a validator receives the
block, it verifies the data inside it, including checking that the block has
the correct parent, corresponds to the correct slot, that the proposer index
is the expected one, that the RANDAO reveal is valid and that the proposer is
not slashed. The `execution_payload` is unbundled, and the validator's
execution client re-executes the transactions in the list to check the
proposed state change. Assuming the block passes all these checks, each
validator adds the block to its own canonical chain. The process then starts
again in the next slot.

## Block rewards

The block proposer receives payment for their work. There is a `base_reward`
calculated as a function of the number of active validators and their
effective balances. The block proposer then receives a fraction of
`base_reward` for every valid attestation included in the block; the more
validators attest to the block, the greater the block proposer's reward. There
is also a reward for reporting validators that should be slashed, equal to
`1/512 * effective balance` for each slashed validator.

[More on rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

## Further reading

  * [Introduction to blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)
  * [Introduction to proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)
  * [Ethereum consensus specs(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs)
  * [Introduction to Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)
  * [Upgrading Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://eth2book.info/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Who produces blocks?
      * Random selection
    * How is the block created?
    * What happens to the block?
    * Block rewards
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

