Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Blog](/blog/)

#  Crime

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/drainers-blog-
header-800x436.jpg) Crime  Understanding Crypto Drainers May 16, 2024
Malicious actors targeting crypto assets continue to employ diverse tactics to
steal user funds, including private key theft, smart contract…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-drainers/) [ ![Hands holding Bitcoin
and a magnifying glass](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/bitcoin-and-magnifying-glass-800x533.jpg) Crime  How
To Use Blockchain Intelligence To Investigate Crypto Crime May 9, 2024  With a
global market capitalization exceeding $2 trillion, regulation increasing
worldwide, and adoption growing each year, cryptocurrency is here to…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/investigate-crypto-crime-blockchain-
intelligence/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/hamas-min-copy-800x364.jpg) Crime  Assessing Terrorism
Financing On-chain is Crucial and Complex May 7, 2024  The use of
cryptocurrency by terrorist organizations represents a small share of illicit
transactions in the cryptocurrency ecosystem, but it…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/assessing-terrorism-financing-on-chain/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/shutterstock-2422166115-800x503.jpg) Crime
International Agencies Sanction Russian National Dmitry Yuryevich Khoroshev,
Leader of Cybercrime Group LockBit, for Developing and Distributing Ransomware
May 7, 2024  On May 7, 2024, the United States Department of the Treasury’s
Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) sanctioned Russian national…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/nca-ofac-sanctions-dmitry-khoroshev-
lockbit-ransomware-2024/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/ransomware-qakbot-lockbit-alphvblackcat-800x450.png)
Crime  Examining the Impact of Ransomware Disruptions: Qakbot, LockBit, and
BlackCat May 6, 2024  A historic surge of ransomware incidents and payment
totals in 2023 was not without resistance, as significant actions were taken…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ransomware-disruptions-impact/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/shutterstock-1417710644-800x554.jpg) Crime  OFAC and
Department of State Sanction Nearly 300 Individuals and Entities Involved in
Russia’s War Machine, One Known to Have Accepted Crypto May 1, 2024  On May 1,
2024, the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets
Control (OFAC) and the Department… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-
sanctions-russia-war-machine-2024/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/ftc-blog-header-800x396.jpg) Crime  Case Study:
Tracking On-Chain Activities of Suspected FTC Impersonators April 26, 2024
The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) recently issued a press release, warning
consumers of scammers impersonating FTC staff members in attempts…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ftc-impersonators-crypto-activity/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/labhost-
min-800x533.jpg) Crime  London’s Metropolitan Police Lead Disruption of
Phishing-as-a-Service Provider LabHost April 19, 2024  On April 17, 2024,
London’s Metropolitan Police announced the disruption of LabHost, a notorious
phishing-as-a-service (PhaaS) provider that enabled cybercriminals…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/labhost-disruption-phishing-as-a-service/)
[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/shutterstock-1219767667-800x542.jpg) Crime
Intellectual Property Infringement: Crypto Used in Sales for Illicit Streaming
Services and Counterfeit Pharmaceuticals March 29, 2024  As with all new
technologies, malicious actors have found ways to exploit cryptocurrency,
despite its transparency and traceability. These actors…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-intellectual-property-infringement-
streaming-pharmaceuticals/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/section-headers-final-darknetmarket-800x347.png) Crime
Darknet Market Revenues Rise In 2023 As Markets Develop Role Specialization
March 28, 2024  Darknet markets were one of two categories of crypto crime
that saw revenues rise in 2023. In total, darknet markets…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/darknet-revenue-2023/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/treasury-2024-min-800x585.jpg) Crime  OFAC and OFSI
Sanction Social Media News Outlet Gaza Now for Hamas Fundraising in Wake of
October 7 Attacks [Updated 4/1/24] March 27, 2024  Update, 4/1/24: NBCTF
issues seizure order for Gaza Now addresses, Tether freezes funds Today,
Israel’s National Bureau for Counter Terror…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-ofsi-gaza-now-sanctions/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/shutterstock-553962586-800x532.jpg) Crime  OFAC
Sanctions Russia-based Blockchain Companies, Including Netex24 and Bitpapa,
for Facilitating Sanctions Evasion March 25, 2024  On March 25, 2024, the
United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC) sanctioned twelve entities… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-
sanctions-russia-blockchain-companies-netex24-bitpapa/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/ofac-blog-
cover-800x533.jpg) Crime  OFAC Sanctions Russian Nationals Ilya Andreevich
Gambashidze and Nikolai Aleksandrovich Tupikin for Facilitating Disinformation
on Behalf of the Government of Russia, Funds Frozen by Tether March 20, 2024
On March 20, 2024, the United States Department of the Treasury’s Office of
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) sanctioned Russian nationals…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-sanctions-russia-crypto-foreign-
election-influence-2024/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/pig-butchering-min-800x347.jpg) Crime  The On-chain
Footprint of Southeast Asia’s ‘Pig Butchering’ Compounds: Human Trafficking,
Ransoms, and Hundreds of Millions Scammed February 24, 2024  Romance scams,
also known as “pig butchering scams” for the way bad actors say they “fatten
up” their victims to… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/pig-butchering-human-
trafficking/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/lockbit-min-800x558.jpg) Crime  U.S. and U.K. Disrupt
Lockbit Ransomware Group and Indict Two Russian Nationals While OFAC Levies
Sanctions February 21, 2024  On February 20, 2024, the U.K.’s National Crime
Agency (NCA), alongside the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), announced the
disruption of… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/lockbit-takedown-sanctions-
february-2024/)

## Posts navigation

1 [2](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crime/page/2/)
[3](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crime/page/3/) …
[10](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crime/page/10/)
[11](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crime/page/11/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crime/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/blog/category/crime-ja/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/blog/category/crime/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/blog/category/crime/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/blog/category/crime/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=b456674b-ca66-49f3-ad0c-580a9b69eec7&sid=bdd822f01cfe11ef86cbf9b49045c423&vid=bdd81c601cfe11ef87c13f07e4ed9fa8&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Crime%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrime%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=469707)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=aacb798a-e859-4c67-a236-c69079d75125&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=2869dfd2-9a52-4a24-8b02-a0f828003837&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrime%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=aacb798a-e859-4c67-a236-c69079d75125&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=2869dfd2-9a52-4a24-8b02-a0f828003837&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrime%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=69b5571c7ebf4f7db453c10272c2d27e&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrime%2F&_biz_t=1716906590076&_biz_i=Crime%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=878470&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906590660)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=69b5571c7ebf4f7db453c10272c2d27e&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrime%2F&_biz_t=1716906590661&_biz_i=Crime%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=375753&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906590662)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

