[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9taW5pbmcvYm9vc3QteW91ci1taW5pbmctYW5kLWluY3JlYXNlLXlvdXItcmV2ZW51ZS13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2Utc21hcnQtcG9vbC00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDA2NzA%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9taW5pbmcvYm9vc3QteW91ci1taW5pbmctYW5kLWluY3JlYXNlLXlvdXItcmV2ZW51ZS13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2Utc21hcnQtcG9vbC00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDA2NzA%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Boost Your Mining and Increase Your Revenue With Binance Smart Pool

2021-06-16

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20200616/7be88e4b-3286-4cd3-8262-9f92e60e8a05.jpg)

It's not that long ago since we introduced our [inclusive Binance Pool mining
platform](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684900541/Introducing-
Binance-Pool-an-Inclusive-Crypto-Mining-Platform-That-Empowers-Miners). In
less than 50 days since our launch, we've reached more than 6000 registered
miners who brought over 6.52 EH/s in hash rate. This took Binance Pool to
eighth place in mining pool rankings based on the total hash rate. However,
this is just the start, and we're thrilled to be the first exchange-backed
mining pool to launch an innovative mining service Smart Pool.

## Introducing Binance Smart Pool

Miners are a vital element of cryptocurrencies. They provide computing power
to mine new blocks, process transactions, keep the network stable and
transaction times low. At [Binance Pool](https://pool.binance.com/en/home),
we're aware of the importance of miners, and our mission is to provide miners
with tools and services that empower their operations. Without miners, there
won't be blockchain, and without blockchain, there won't be cryptocurrencies.
Our vision of the freedom of money would evaporate in the air. For this
reason, it's necessary to make mining sustainable and profitable.

The latest addition to our mining platform - the Binance Smart Pool, is a
service that enables all Binance Pool miners to increase their mining revenue
by automatically mining the most profitable cryptocurrency. The Smart Pool
allows miners to auto-switch their hash rate to mine different
cryptocurrencies with the same algorithm.

Currently, Smart Pool supports the [SHA256
algorithm](https://academy.binance.com/security/what-is-hashing) and allows
miners to use their computing power to mine BTC, BCH, and BSV. And even though
you are mining different cryptocurrencies, we'll pay you the final mining
settlement in BTC.

## The main benefits of Binance Smart Pool

  * Instant settlements in BTC. No matter which cryptocurrency you decide to mine, we will always pay your settlements in BTC to your BTC wallet.

  * Guaranteed minimum BTC income. With real-time hedging, we can ensure that your final revenue will never be lower than the general income from the FPPS models. If your final revenue hits levels lower than the general FPPS income, we will pay the difference.

  * Direct access to a wide range of Binance services. Our all-in-one mining platform allows miners to use the same account for mining, Binance financial products and services, trading, and wallet.

  * Revenue and funds management via Binance App. All miners can check and sell, store, or trade their mining funds via the Binance App.

  * Extra rewards, competitions, and giveaways. Since the launch of Binance Pool, we've distributed more than $30,000 USD to support and incentivize our users. We’re currently [giving away over $10,000 USD](https://www.binance.com/en/support/articles/360044108572-Binance-Pool-Launches-Smart-Pool-Service-Connect-a-New-Account-to-Share-10-000-USDT-in-Rewards-) in different activities.

## Join Binance Smart Pool today and boost your revenue

If you're an existing Binance Pool user, there's nothing easier than switching
to Smart Pool. The one-click switch available in the Binance Pool interface
will get you up and running automatically—no need to change the mining stratum
URL or user ID.

Are you new to Binance Pool? Follow our [simple Smart Pool
guide](https://www.binance.com/en/support/articles/8c8e416889904c9d82d289c82f1cc313)
that will get you up and running in no time. Joining Binance Smart Pool is so
simple anyone can do it.

[Join Binance Pool today and take your mining to the next
level!](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register)

195,047,824 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Boost Your Mining and Increase Your Revenue With Binance Smart Pool

Introducing Binance Smart Pool

The main benefits of Binance Smart Pool

Join Binance Smart Pool today and boost your revenue

195,047,824 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

