[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2NvcHktdHJhZGluZy1lc3NlbnRpYWwtY3JpdGVyaWEtZm9yLXNlbGVjdGluZy1sZWFkLXRyYWRlcnMtNTA2MTIxNTI5NTcwMzAwOTE0OT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2NvcHktdHJhZGluZy1lc3NlbnRpYWwtY3JpdGVyaWEtZm9yLXNlbGVjdGluZy1sZWFkLXRyYWRlcnMtNTA2MTIxNTI5NTcwMzAwOTE0OT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Copy Trading: Essential Criteria for Selecting Lead Traders

2023-11-20

**Disclaimer** : _Digital asset prices can be volatile. Do your own research.
Not financial advice. See full terms_[
__](https://www.binance.com/en/live/content-
terms)[__here__](https://www.binance.com/en/live/content-terms) _and our risk
warning_[ __](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-
warning)[__here__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _and below.
Binance Futures products are restricted in certain countries and to certain
users. This communication is not intended for users/countries to which
restrictions apply._

##  Main Takeaways

  * Copy trading allows traders to copy the trades of more experienced traders, enabling them to leverage the advanced strategies of skilled traders.

  * When selecting the right lead trader to copy, it’s essential to consider factors such as past performance, strategy preference, and Return on Investment (ROI).

  * Copy traders can analyze the risk management approach of lead traders by evaluating metrics such as position size, stop-loss settings, and diversification.

_Explore the fundamentals of copy trading, key metrics, and what to consider
when choosing the right lead trader to copy._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231120/ed306671-eda6-4eef-998f-bba1489b25ab)  
The crypto market is complex and often unpredictable. Traders employ various
strategies to navigate its intricacies. For newcomers, understanding these
nuances can be daunting, and acting without a clear plan can be challenging.
Beginners and intermediate traders can navigate the market more effectively
through Binance [_Copy Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading).

## Copy Trading on Binance Futures

[ _Copy trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-
trading-leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150) is a dynamic method
of social trading that allows novice traders to leverage the expertise,
knowledge, and strategies of more skilled and seasoned traders. With copy
trading, every trading action the lead trader takes is automatically mirrored
in the copy trader’s account. This technique serves as a learning curve and
gateway for new and less experienced traders to take advantage of the market
understanding and advanced strategies of industry leaders.

[_Binance Futures Copy Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading) , an
automated trading system, offers an option for newer traders to replicate the
trades of more experienced ones. This process is straightforward; copy traders
determine their investment amount, and then the system matches the trades of
their chosen lead traders.

### Benefits of Binance Copy Trading

Leveraging Binance Copy Trading allows individuals to tap into its thriving
ecosystem, with high liquidity and low slippage. This feature has two trading
modes: fixed amount and fixed ratio. The **fixed amount** mode lets traders
allocate a consistent sum for every trade, while the **fixed ratio** mode
adjusts trade amounts based on the overall investment.

Thanks to this system, traders have access to over 150 Binance Futures trading
pairs. Its interface is designed to be user-friendly, enabling trades to be
copied effortlessly. Additionally, users have the flexibility to both lead and
copy trades, though there are limits to the number of portfolios one can
manage at a time.

For those who opt to be lead traders, there’s a potential to earn from profit
sharing and trading fee commissions. The minimum to be a lead trader is 1,000
USDT, whereas copy traders can start with as little as 10 USDT. This structure
aims to accommodate both experienced and novice traders.

## Why Choosing the Right Lead Trader Is Important

Copy trading typically revolves around the lead trader, whose actions are
automatically replicated by others. Besides opening trades, they are
responsible for defining trading strategy, risk management, measuring
performance, and communicating to copy traders. Ultimately, the success of a
copy trader depends on the strategy defined by the lead trader. They select
the cryptocurrency pairs to trade in as well as the entry and exit points.

In addition, lead traders are responsible for devising risk management
approaches that safeguard yields while reducing potential losses. They also
have to refine their trading strategies based on performance metrics and
clearly communicate the changes to their networks.

Put simply, copy traders look to lead traders to lead them to potential
success. A loss suffered by lead traders may also be reflected in the accounts
of copy traders. Hence, selecting the right lead trader is a critical aspect
of copy trading.

## What Metrics to Look for When Choosing a Lead Trader

While substantial power rests in the hands of lead traders, the responsibility
to select the right trader to copy is still in the hands of the copy trader.
This is where **metrics** come in. Metrics aid traders in making more informed
trading decisions backed by trends, patterns, and past data.

Metrics can help traders determine whether a lead trader is the right fit for
them based on their individual risk-reward and personal trading objectives.
Studying data pools can also help them analyze the strategies and performance
of lead traders. This allows them to select the candidate that is best suited
to help them achieve their trading goals.

Key metrics to look for include:

### Return on Investment (ROI)

[_Return on investment_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/return-on-
investment) is the percentage or ratio that reflects the efficiency or
profitability of a portfolio. It can be used as a benchmark to gauge the
success rate of lead traders based on their trading history. ROI is calculated
by dividing the net profit by the initial trading capital or the capital at
risk. Binance Copy Trading calculates [_Copy Trading
ROI_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/portfolio-performance-indicators-
in-binance-futures-copy-trading-54aa6d3b43bc4f6eb4a3a6e3aea40acd) similarly to
the yield rate (net asset value), which prevents the changes in capital (e.g.,
deposits and withdrawals). _ROI = (Net Asset Value Today - Initial Net Asset
Value) * 100%_

###  Preferred strategy

Copy traders should consider replicating trades of traders whose trading
strategy aligns with theirs. This is because different strategies have
different risk levels. For instance, short-term lead traders are a perfect fit
for short-term copy traders.

To put this into perspective, short-term traders may be less risk-averse and
are in favor of “high-risk-high-reward” ventures. In contrast, their long-term
counterparts tend to be more risk-averse. A trader aiming for short-term gains
who mimics the strategies of a lead trader focused on long-term objectives
might inadvertently disrupt their own trading plan. When selecting their
preferred strategy, copy traders should take into account metrics such as
[_maximum drawdown (MDD)_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/portfolio-
performance-indicators-in-binance-futures-copy-
trading-54aa6d3b43bc4f6eb4a3a6e3aea40acd) and the lead trader’s maximum
leverage. The leverage used can be found on the trader’s profile, as
illustrated in the figure below.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231120/b6404bf5-8d07-4e91-982c-f9d55f3585a5)

### Past performance

What’s the lead trader’s track record in the long-term? Is it more losses than
gains or vice versa? Looking into the lead trader’s long-term track record can
provide insight into their performance, trading patterns, and trading
strategy. A short-term perspective may hide past failures and poor performance
by only considering recent successes. A consistent performance over a longer
timeframe points to a solid trading strategy and potential gains even in
volatile markets.

While a lead trader’s historical performance is a valuable indicator of their
trading acumen and strategy effectiveness, it’s important to remember that
past results are not a guarantee of future success. Nonetheless, a thorough
analysis of their long-term track record can offer meaningful insights into
their ability to navigate the complexities of the market.

### Risk management approach

How a lead trader controls risk is an important aspect of copy trading. It
assures copy traders of how their returns will be protected and losses
mitigated. Copy traders can study lead traders’ risk management approach using
metrics such as position size, stop-loss limits, diversification, and
drawdowns. Position size and drawdown determine their risk-aversion levels. A
**maximum drawdown (MDD)** refers to the maximum loss the trader has
experienced after a series of losing positions.

_MDD = (M - N) / M * 100%,_

_Where M represents the peak net asset value within the timeframe, and N is
the trough net asset value after the peak within the timeframe._

It all comes down to how the lead trader approaches market risks and losses.
For instance, does the lead trader use stop-loss to mitigate any unexpected
outcomes? Is their portfolio diversified with different coins? What is their
position size compared to their total capital? Understanding a lead trader’s
risk management strategies, such as the use of stop-loss orders, the
diversification of their portfolio, and their approach to position sizing, is
crucial in evaluating their trading proficiency. These elements not only
reveal their ability to manage and mitigate risks but also offer insights into
their overall trading philosophy.

### How do you customize copy trade settings to manage risks?

To align with individual risk preferences, copy traders have the flexibility
to tailor their settings when replicating a portfolio. When copying the
portfolio, traders can customize the following parameters:

  * **Preferred cost per order:** In Fixed Amount mode, copy traders can define their desired margin per order.

  * **Margin mode:** While they can opt to mirror the lead trader’s margin mode, copy traders also have the choice between cross and isolated margin modes. Cross margin allows the positions to share the total margin balance in the portfolio. With isolated margin, position margin is independent for each trading pair. If one position is liquidated, other positions will not be affected. 

  * **Leverage** : Copy traders can also choose whether to follow the lead trader’s leverage or choose a leverage level that they are more comfortable with.

  * **Position risk:** To further retain control, traders can customize parameters, including  take profit and stop loss, as well as maximum position per symbol. 

After copying a portfolio, traders retain the flexibility to make adjustments
on different parameters, including:

  * **Add or withdraw funds:** Traders can infuse more capital or withdraw existing funds as needed.

  * **Edit settings:** If market conditions change or if traders reassess their strategy, they can modify their copy settings.

  * **Stop copying:** If traders decide that copying a particular portfolio no longer aligns with their goals, they can halt the process at any time.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231120/a31173c7-9534-4fa0-a399-0f8ec56c46fd)

## How to Select the Right Trader to Copy?

Selecting the right trader to copy is crucial for success. The Binance Copy
Trading homepage simplifies the process by providing copy traders with access
to different sorting tools. For instance, copy traders can sort lead traders
by performance metrics such as PNL, ROI, MDD, AUM, and number of copiers.
Copiers can also check the copy trader PNL since a profitable leader doesn’t
always translate to a profitable copy trader.

You can also filter traders by 7d/30d/90d to evaluate their recent
performances. Alternatively, you can directly search for the trader of your
choice or uncover new portfolios that are still unknown but have good
performance. After selecting a lead trader, copiers can add them to their
“Favorites” by clicking on the star to easily find them later or monitor their
performance.

##
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231120/9899cae0-ba1b-4d18-b49a-dd1efa42ca58)  
Closing Thoughts

Selecting the right lead trader relies on their track record, risk management
methods, and win rate, among other metrics. However, it may require copy
traders to consider factors such as their own trading goals, preferred
strategy, risk tolerance, and personal circumstances. While copy trading is a
fairly simple technique, it is important to note that cryptocurrency markets
can be volatile and unpredictable. Always do your own research, and make sure
you are fully aware of all risks before investing.

## Further Reading

  * [ _(FAQ) How to Use Copy Trading on Binance Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-use-copy-trading-on-binance-futures-0b3a91eea664402f812fe41358c8a206)

  * [ _(FAQ) Portfolio Performance Indicators in Binance Futures Copy Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/portfolio-performance-indicators-in-binance-futures-copy-trading-54aa6d3b43bc4f6eb4a3a6e3aea40acd)

  * [ _(Blog) Introducing Copy Trading: Leverage the Power of Experts_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/introducing-copy-trading-leverage-the-power-of-experts-7211002276810535150)

  * [ _(Blog) Binance Trading Bots: Characteristics and Use Cases_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/binance-trading-bots-characteristics-and-use-cases-4987930405804222569)

**Risk Warning** : _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You
are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable
for any losses you may incur. Futures trading, in particular, is subject to
high market risk and price volatility. All of your margin balance may be
liquidated in the event of adverse price movement. You should only invest in
products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks. You should
carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. Trading by following and/or copying the trades
of other traders involves a high level of risk, even when following and/or
copying the top-performing traders. No partnership/affiliation between top-
performing traders and Binance. Such risks include the risk that you may be
following/copying the trading decisions of possibly
inexperienced/unprofessional traders, or traders whose ultimate purpose or
intention, or financial status may differ from yours. Past performance is not
a reliable predictor of future performance. Before trading, you should make an
independent assessment of the appropriateness of the transaction in light of
your own objectives and circumstances, including the risks and potential
benefits. Consult your own advisers, where appropriate. This information
should not be construed as financial or investment advice. To learn more about
how to protect yourself, visit our Responsible Trading page. Copy trading is
restricted in certain countries and to certain users.   This content is not
intended for users/countries to which restrictions apply. For more
information, see our Terms of Use and Risk Warning._

_The products and services referred to herein may be restricted in certain
jurisdictions or regions or to certain users in accordance with applicable
legal and regulatory requirements. You are solely responsible for informing
yourself about and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with
respect to the access to and use of any products and services offered by or
available through Binance in each country or region from which they are
accessed by you or on your behalf. Binance reserves the right to change,
modify or impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use
of any products and/or services offered from time to time in its sole
discretion at any time without notification._

195,014,700 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

353

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Copy Trading: Essential Criteria for Selecting Lead Traders

Main Takeaways

Copy Trading on Binance Futures

Why Choosing the Right Lead Trader Is Important

What Metrics to Look for When Choosing a Lead Trader

How to Select the Right Trader to Copy?

Further Reading

195,014,700 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

