  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >
[Top 5 Meme Coins 2024](/blog/top-5-memecoins-2024)

##### MEME Coins

# Top 5 Meme Coins 2024

Published on: Mar 11, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Meme Coins?**
  * **What Are the Top 5 Meme Coins for 2024?**
  * **Investing in Meme Coins**

##### In Brief

Join us as we take a look at some of the most popular meme coins making waves
in 2024. From old mainstays like DOGE to newcomers like BONK.

![Top 5 Meme Coins 2024](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmemecoins_2024_9a8387394f.png&w=3840&q=75)

In the fast-paced crypto world, there's a category of coins that stand out for
their unique blend of humor, creativity, and speculative manner. [Meme
coins](https://blog.trustwallet.com/blog/5-trending-meme-coins) have gained
popularity for their ability to capture the spirit of internet culture, and
transform it into a digital asset. In this article we’ll explore some of the
top meme coins of 2024 so far. And although this list can change over time,
these meme coins have gained huge popularity in recent times.

Before we jump in, it’s important to remember that [meme
coins](https://blog.trustwallet.com/blog/5-trending-meme-coins) constitute a
niche within the crypto space that relies heavily on internet culture to
flourish. It is, therefore, vital to do your own research (DYOR) before
investing in any meme coin.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What are Meme Coins?

[Meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/5-trending-meme-coins), also known
as meme cryptocurrencies, are digital currencies that usually gain popularity
through internet memes, pop culture references, and viral online trends. These
coins feature playful or humorous branding. Meme coins are typically created
as a joke or satire, but can gain significant attention and value.

Unlike traditional cryptocurrencies like
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) or
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), which serve as
decentralized digital currencies or platforms for executing smart contracts,
meme coins usually lack fundamental use cases or technological innovations.
While many meme coins have little to no utility or real-world application,
some have gained substantial followings and trading volumes, leading to price
volatility and speculative investment activity.

One defining feature of meme coins is their reliance on social media and
online communities for promotion. Platforms like X (previously Twitter),
Reddit, and Discord, play a crucial role in driving the hype and adoption of
meme coins through memes, jokes, and viral marketing campaigns. The success of
meme coins often hinges on their ability to capture the imagination of
internet users and generate a buzz around their unique brand or narrative.

Investing in meme coins carries inherent risks. Meme coins have a speculative
nature and lack fundamental value. In turn, this makes meme coins highly
volatile assets. Meme coins are prone to dramatic price fluctuations, as
driven by market sentiment and social media trends.

### Meme Coin Storage Options

Like other digital currencies, meme coins can also be stored and managed in a
secure [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/crypto-wallet) like Trust
Wallet. Before we take a closer look at some of the top meme coins, remember
that you can buy, sell, [swap](https://trustwallet.com/swap) and manage meme
coins using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet can be downloaded as a mobile app, or you can install the [Trust
Wallet Extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension) for your desktop
browser.

## What Are the Top 5 Meme Coins for 2024?

In 2024, the meme coins dominating the cryptocurrency space encompass a
diverse range of quirky and community-driven digital assets. Let’s take a
closer look at the top 5 meme coins:

### Dogecoin (DOGE)

[Dogecoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-dogecoin-doge) is
the largest meme coin by market capitalization (market cap), as of March 2024.
Developed in 2013 by Jackson Palmer and Billy Markus, Dogecoin is considered
to be the world's first meme coin. [DOGE](https://trustwallet.com/dogecoin-
wallet) was initially created as a light-hearted parody of Bitcoin, it
features the Shiba Inu dog from the "Doge" meme as its logo. Despite its
humorous origins, Dogecoin has gained significant popularity, especially since
Elon Musk publicly endorsed it.

Functionally, Dogecoin operates similarly to other cryptocurrencies, utilizing
blockchain technology for secure and decentralized transactions. DOGE is often
used for tipping content creators on social media platforms, and for small
online transactions.

One of the defining features of Dogecoin is its active and enthusiastic
community. This has contributed to its widespread adoption and integration
into various online platforms. While initially created as a joke, Dogecoin's
value has experienced significant fluctuations, influenced by market trends
and social media attention.

DOGE has an unlimited supply of coins.

### Shiba Inu (SHIB)

[Shiba Inu (SHIB)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/shibarium-comprehensive-
overview) is the second-largest meme coin by market cap, as of March 2024. The
meme coin was launched in August 2020 by an anonymous individual or group
known as "Ryoshi." SHIB is named after the Japanese dog breed [Shiba
Inu](https://trustwallet.com/shiba-inu-wallet), which is also the same breed
featured in the Doge meme.

Similar to Dogecoin, SHIB started as a playful and community-driven project,
aiming to capitalize on the meme culture surrounding cryptocurrencies. It
gained attention for its mascot, a Shiba Inu dog, and its humorous marketing
tactics.

One of SHIB's distinguishing features is its decentralized exchange,
ShibaSwap, which allows users to trade various tokens within the Shiba Inu
ecosystem. Additionally, [SHIB](https://trustwallet.com/shiba-inu-wallet) has
introduced other tokens like LEASH and BONE, further expanding its ecosystem.

Despite its meme origins, SHIB has seen significant fluctuations in value and
has attracted a dedicated community of supporters who continue to promote and
develop the project.

SHIB has a max supply of 1 quadrillion coins.

### Pepe (PEPE)

[Pepe (PEPE)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-pepe-coin) is
the third-largest meme coin by market cap, as of March 2024. PEPE launched in
2023 as a meme coin. It is named after the popular internet meme character
Pepe the Frog, which has been widely used across various online communities.
[PEPE](https://trustwallet.com/pepe-wallet) positions itself as one of the
"most memeable meme coins in existence," featuring the beloved Pepe the Frog
as its mascot. The PEPE token gets its inspiration from Pepe the Frog, a
character in Matt Furie’s comic series ‘Boy’s Club.’

Despite its humorous origins, Pepe aimed to carve out its niche in the crypto
world, offering a platform for meme enthusiasts to engage with blockchain
technology. The token's website emphasizes its entertainment value, stating
that it had no intrinsic value or expectation of financial return.

PEPE has a max supply of just over 420 trillion coins.

### Bonk (BONK)

[Bonk (BONK)](https://trustwallet.com/bonk-wallet) is the fourth-largest meme
coin by market cap, as of March 2024. BONK is a Solana-based meme coin that
was launched with a massive airdrop on December 25, 2022, as a Christmas gift
to the Solana community. 50% of the total supply of 100 trillion coins were
distributed to Solana users who contributed to the development and growth of
the network.

BONK has a unique burning mechanism, which involves permanently removing a
percentage of every transaction from circulation. This feature aims to
incentivize holding and discourage selling, potentially increasing the value
of each remaining BONK over time.

One of Bonk's notable features is its viral marketing campaign on TikTok,
where it gained popularity as the "meme coin for intellectuals." Leveraging
meme culture and the robust Solana blockchain infrastructure, Bonk has
attracted attention within the crypto community.

Additionally, the Bonk ecosystem comprises platforms like BonkSwap, BonkDex,
and BonkVault, providing trading, DeFi, and secure storage solutions,
respectively.

BONK has a max supply of 93.5 trillion coins.

### Dogwifhat (WIF)

[Dogwifhat (WIF)](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-wallet) is the fifth-
largest meme coin by market cap, as of March 2024. WIF is a-dog-with-a-hat
[Solana-based meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins),
launched in November 2023. The Mame coin showcases a Shiba Inu wearing a
distinctive hat

Dogwifhat has grown exponentially since its launch, despite the fact that it
has zero utility. The project’s website states that “WIF is a symbol of
progress, for futuristic transactions, a beacon for those who think ahead.”

## Investing in Meme Coins

Investing in meme coins carries inherent risks due to their speculative nature
and reliance on social media trends.

While meme coins can be tempting because of their viral nature and potential
for quick gains, it's essential for people to exercise caution when investing
in them. Meme coins often lack substantial fundamentals, relying primarily on
hype and social media trends for their valuation. As a result, they can be
highly volatile and susceptible to rapid price fluctuations, making them risky
investments.

Before diving into meme coin investments, conduct thorough research,
understand the tokenomics and underlying technology.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

