  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Staking](/blog?category=Staking)  >  [What is
Restaking?](/blog/what-is-restaking)

##### Staking

# What is Restaking?

Published on: May 8, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Mechanics of Restaking**
  * **EigenLayer: A Real-World Application of Restaking**
  * **Challenges and Risks Associated with Restaking**
  * **The Future of Restaking**

##### In Brief

Uncover the concept of restaking in the world of decentralized finance,
exploring how it enhances staking rewards generation and more.

![What is Restaking?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_restaking_16a3fb7841.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction to Restaking

Restaking is an innovation in the area of
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-web3) and decentralized finance
(DeFi) that allows staked assets to be reused for additional
[staking](https://trustwallet.com/staking), thereby generating extra yields.
This concept extends the functionality of traditional staking, where users
lock up their cryptocurrencies to support network operations, such as
transaction validation on blockchain networks. Restaking not only amplifies
the earning potential from these staked assets but also enhances the overall
liquidity and efficiency of the blockchain ecosystem.

Before we dive in, remember that you can buy and manage restakable assets such
as [ETH](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/ethereum) using Trust Wallet, via
our trusted partners. You can also explore restaking protocols via Trust
Wallet’s dApp browser on mobile or extension for web browsers.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## The Mechanics of Restaking

Restaking in decentralized finance (DeFi) represents an advanced strategy in
the management and optimization of blockchain assets. It extends the utility
of staked cryptocurrencies beyond their primary function of network security
to enhance returns and engage in multiple network activities simultaneously.
This process leverages existing staked assets, allowing them to be utilized in
a variety of additional financial operations without necessitating further
capital investment.

![what-is-restaking-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_restaking_1_ffe2dc8fd7.png&w=3840&q=75)

### How Restaking Functions Technically

At the core of restaking is the concept of **utilizing already staked assets
more than once**. This is typically enabled by blockchain protocols that issue
secondary tokens or derivatives that represent the original staked assets.
These secondary tokens maintain the attributes of the staked assets, including
their value and staking capabilities, but also provide additional flexibility.
For example, in some protocols, when you stake primary tokens like
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum), you
may receive a derivative token that can be used just like the original staked
token for further staking or lending purposes in the
[DeFi](https://trustwallet.com) ecosystem.

### The Role of Smart Contracts in Restaking

Restaking relies heavily on smart contracts to manage the relationships
between original assets and their derivatives. These contracts handle the
issuance, management, and retirement of derivative tokens based on the status
of the underlying staked assets. Smart contracts automate these processes,
ensuring that they are executed based on predefined rules without requiring
manual intervention, thus maintaining the integrity and security of the
transactions.

### Multiplicative Effects on Yield Generation

By restaking staked assets, users can potentially multiply their yield
sources. This is because the derivative tokens can also earn staking rewards,
similar to the primary staked assets. Thus, restaking amplifies the capital
efficiency of the staked assets. It enables token holders to engage in
multiple yield-generating activities across different protocols or within the
same ecosystem, significantly enhancing the overall return on investment.

## EigenLayer: A Real-World Application of Restaking

[EigenLayer](https://trustwallet.com/blog/eigenlayer-and-restaking-explained)
represents a significant advancement in the utilization of blockchain
technology by enabling the restaking of
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), which brings both
enhanced security and diversified utility to the [Ethereum
network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-ethereum-using-trust-wallet-
a-visual-guide). This innovative approach allows Ethereum stakers to leverage
their staked assets further without needing to commit additional funds or
compromising the security of their assets.

![what-is-restaking-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_restaking_2_475147e009.png&w=3840&q=75)

### The Concept of EigenLayer

At its core, EigenLayer extends the functionality of Ethereum's existing
staked assets. Instead of solely securing the Ethereum blockchain, these
assets can now also secure other protocols and layers that are built on top of
Ethereum. This is done through a process where the security provided by these
staked assets is repurposed or "restaked" to support additional networks and
applications, enhancing the overall capabilities and resilience of the
Ethereum ecosystem.

EigenLayer utilizes a sophisticated framework where staked Ethereum (ETH) can
be used to participate in securing additional decentralized applications and
services. This does not require stakers to unstake their ETH, thus maintaining
the original security and integrity of the Ethereum network. Essentially,
stakers grant permissions to EigenLayer to use their staked ETH as a form of
collateral or security for other projects within the Ethereum space.

### Diversifying Income Streams Through Restaking

One of the key benefits of EigenLayer is the ability for stakers to earn
additional rewards from multiple sources. By restaking their assets in various
applications, from data availability layers to new consensus mechanisms,
stakers can increase their yield without additional investments. This is
particularly appealing in a blockchain environment where maximizing asset
utility and returns is crucial.

By allowing the restaked ETH to support various protocols, EigenLayer not only
diversifies the income streams for Ethereum stakers but also contributes to
the robustness and security of the entire network. These additional layers and
protocols can include everything from scalability solutions to innovative DeFi
applications, each benefiting from the secured and reliable staking foundation
provided by the base Ethereum layer.

### Technological Innovations and Challenges

Implementing the restaking concept at the scale offered by EigenLayer requires
sophisticated technology. It relies heavily on smart contracts that manage the
relationships between the staked assets and their derivative uses in a secure,
efficient, and transparent manner. The complexity of these contracts and the
need for high reliability pose significant technical challenges, necessitating
ongoing development and rigorous security assessments.

As the DeFi and broader blockchain landscape continue to evolve, platforms
like EigenLayer that facilitate innovative uses of staked assets will be
crucial for the growth and sustainability of these technologies. By enabling
more efficient use of staked assets, EigenLayer not only enhances the yield
potential for individual stakers but also strengthens the overall
infrastructure of the Ethereum network, paving the way for more advanced
blockchain functionalities.

## Challenges and Risks Associated with Restaking

Restaking, while revolutionary in maximizing the potential yields on staked
assets, introduces a complexity that can be daunting for many users. The
operation of restaking relies on intricate smart contracts and an advanced
understanding of blockchain technologies, which might limit its accessibility
and appeal primarily to those who are already well-versed in digital finance
and technology. This complexity not only narrows the pool of potential
participants but also increases the learning curve, potentially slowing down
adoption rates among general users.

Moreover, the involvement of multiple smart contracts in restaking processes
heightens the risk of exposure to bugs or vulnerabilities within these
contracts. Each additional layer or protocol that interacts through restaking
can potentially introduce new points of failure, complicating the security
landscape. Furthermore, platforms like EigenLayer that enable restaking are
dependent on the performance and security of the external protocols they
interact with, adding another layer of risk. If these external systems face
issues, they could adversely affect the returns from restaking activities,
impacting overall trust and stability in restaking as a viable investment
strategy.

## The Future of Restaking

As blockchain technologies evolve and mature, restaking is likely to become a
more prominent feature in DeFi. Innovations in smart contract design and
blockchain interoperability may allow for even more seamless and secure
restaking opportunities. The growth of the DeFi sector, along with a greater
focus on multi-chain strategies, suggests that restaking could play a crucial
role in the financial systems of the future.

Restaking represents a significant advancement in how digital assets are
managed and utilized in the blockchain space. By allowing staked assets to be
used more dynamically and efficiently, restaking enhances yield opportunities,
bolsters network security, and improves liquidity. As exemplified by protocols
like EigenLayer, restaking can substantially increase the utility and value of
blockchain networks. As the blockchain ecosystem continues to innovate,
restaking will likely become a standard feature, offering profound
implications for investors, developers, and the broader financial landscape.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

