  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >
[The BOME Meme Coin: Explained](/blog/bome-meme-coin-explained)

##### MEME Coins

# The BOME Meme Coin: Explained

Published on: Mar 19, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is BOME?**
  * **BOME Utility**
  * **BOME Tokenomics**
  * **What Caused the Initial Price Surge of BOME?**
  * **How to Deposit BOME to Your Trust Wallet Address**
  * **Exploring New Meme Coins**

##### In Brief

Discover everything you need to know about the BOME meme coin. Learn about its
origins, how it grew to popularity and how to manage it using Trust Wallet.

![The BOME Meme Coin: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbome_coin_25e8aead29.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Book of Meme](https://trustwallet.com/bome-wallet) (BOME) has gained
widespread attention from crypto enthusiasts since its launch on March 14,
2024. The [Solana-based meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-
memecoins) experienced a massive surge, and in only two days after its launch,
BOME managed to exceed a market cap of $1 billion. But what exactly is the
Book of Meme crypto? Join us as we explore everything you need to know about
BOME.

Before we get started, remember that you can easily manage BOME using Trust
Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is BOME?

Book of Meme, or [BOME](https://trustwallet.com/bome-wallet), is a project set
to revolutionize [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) meme culture. BOME merges
memes, decentralized storage solutions, and speculative crypto trading. This
project aims to capture the dynamic essence of meme culture in a comprehensive
digital collection, the Book of Meme.

### BOME Presale

In March of 2024, Darkfarms, a well-known crypto artist, initiated a 24-hour
presale for BOME. Instead of setting a fixed price for the presale,
participants were invited to contribute Solana (SOL) to a designated address.
The allocation of tokens was determined by the proportion of SOL each
participant contributed.

The presale was a massive success, topping over 10,000 SOL, over $2 million at
the current price. Thus, BOME launched at a price of $0.0000496. In just two
days, the Book of Meme crypto soared to a price of $0.02805 to secure a market
cap of over $1 billion.

![bome-coin-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbome_coin_1_fe44203ef7.png&w=3840&q=75)

## BOME Utility

Cryptocurrencies that fall into the typical "meme coin" category, often rely
solely on hype and community sentiment. BOME, however, seeks to establish a
more comprehensive ecosystem centered around memes.

Here's a breakdown of its core components:

### Updatable Decentralized Electronic Magazine

[BOME](https://trustwallet.com/bome-wallet) envisions a platform that acts as
a permanent repository for memes. By leveraging blockchain technology BOME
could create a verifiable and immutable record of meme history. The
decentralized magazine would be intricately connected with metadata to the
BOME meme coin. Additionally, the book could contain numerous links to images
stored on various decentralized platforms like IPFS, Arweave, and potentially
directly on the blockchain itself (on-chain). This could potentially safeguard
memes from disappearing due to platform changes or internet amnesia.

### DF1 Meme Enhancer

The DF1 Meme Enhancer is a cutting-edge tool bringing the iconic DF1 effect to
your memes and drawings. Recalling the digital frontier of 1994, this tool
breathes life into your creations with retro-inspired pixel noise and glitch
crayons.

### A Decentralized Meme Social Network App

Imagine a platform specifically designed for creating and sharing memes. BOME
aspires to offer such a platform, empowering users to contribute to the ever-
growing meme landscape. This could potentially foster a more interactive and
community-driven meme creation experience.

### CC0 Meme ClipArt Gallery

Copyright issues can often hinder the free flow of memes. BOME aims to address
this by offering a library of memes licensed under CC0, also known as
"Creative Commons Zero." This designation allows users to freely share,
modify, and distribute these memes without copyright restrictions.

## BOME Tokenomics

BOME's tokenomics, the structure behind the distribution and use of its BOME
token, play a crucial role in understanding the project's goals and potential
value. Here's a breakdown of the key points:

**Total Supply:** 69,000,000,420 BOME.

### Bome Token Distribution

BOME's initial token distribution allocates a portion of the tokens to
different purposes:

  * **Presale (50%):** Half of the tokens went to a presale event, letting early investors acquire BOME tokens before they became publicly available.

  * **Liquidity Pools (30%):** Designated for liquidity pools, 30% of the allocation ensures smooth trading on cryptocurrency exchanges by providing readily available BOME tokens for buying and selling.

  * **Community Fund (20%):** The remaining 20% is allocated to a community fund. This fund could serve various purposes, such as funding marketing initiatives, supporting community development programs, or rewarding project contributors.

Keep in mind that BOME is a very new project. The details surrounding
tokenomics, especially regarding the total supply and exact allocation
percentages, might be subject to change. It's essential to rely on official
BOME resources for the most accurate and current information.

## What Caused the Initial Price Surge of BOME?

Some analysts believe that the meme coin’s popularity is largely attributed to
its controversial presale model. The presale model of BOME crypto required
participants to send funds to a wallet address in exchange for a weighted
distribution of tokens once the token went live.

Another reason behind the surge could also include excitement and fear of
missing out (FOMO). Meme coins have taken the crypto market by storm recently,
creating hype around the meme coin crypto category. Many investors who missed
other opportunities to profit from the likes of
[Dogwifhat](https://trustwallet.com/blog/beginners-guide-to-dogwifhat) (WIF)
would not have wanted to miss another opportunity. These factors likely
contributed to the successful presale and recent surge of BOME.

Lastly, there’s no doubt that BOME listing on prominent exchanges would have
contributed to the surge. These listings would have likely boosted credibility
and investor confidence. With its unprecedented surge and widespread
attention, BOME has firmly established itself as a key player to keep an eye
on.

## How to Deposit BOME to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit BOME crypto from another wallet address or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “BOME” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

![bome-coin-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbome_coin_2_c042b5f753.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## Exploring New Meme Coins

New [meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-spot-a-trending-meme-
coin) draw a lot of attention due to their viral nature and potential for
quick gains. However, it’s important to approach them with caution. Meme coins
often lack real-world utility and their value is heavily influenced by social
media trends and hype. This makes them prone to sudden and significant price
fluctuations.

Before [jumping into any new meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-
spot-a-trending-meme-coin), best practice includes thorough research and
understanding of the tokenomics, technology, and potential risks behind them.

Remember that in addition to BOME, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

