s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Squads Receives Allocation of $PYTH Tokens

Feb 8, 2024

![pyth-token-airdrop-solana-squads-multisig-pyth-allocation-grant-team-pyth-
staking-token-governance-squads-app-squads-
protocol](https://framerusercontent.com/images/owWa2e8vUVngZkQfEWqZ8xinX0.png)

We are excited to announce that we have received a $PYTH allocation of tokens
from Pyth Network as part of their Retrospective Airdrop. Pyth is the leading
price feeds provider for Solana and powers many leading decentralized
applications. We are proud to have worked side by side with them from the
early days, helping them in 2022 to build a custom multisig implementation of
Squads for Pyth governance, and have been close ecosystem partners ever since.

Pyth recently launched its governance token, $PYTH, which was airdropped to
users from the 27 different blockchains where Pyth is available. Initially
airdropped to dApp users, Pyth also decided to reward projects and partners
that have contributed to making Pyth what it is today with a $PYTH allocation.
Squads has been selected for this second $PYTH retrospective airdrop and is
thankful to have received an allocation of $PYTH tokens.

Squads is today Solanaâs leading multisig solution, helping the largest
teams and organizations secure their on-chain assets such as treasuries and
programs. We contribute to reinforcing the security of Solana-based projects
and their on-chain operations through our platform, Squads, as well as our
protocol codebase for projects like Pyth who want their unique applications on
top of it.

As recipients of the $PYTH token allocation, we plan to actively participate
in Pyth governance and support many of the other recipients of $PYTH token
allocations looking to secure their assets with multisig security on Solana.
The Squads app offers $PYTH airdrop recipients the secure environment they
need to manage their $PYTH airdrop with their team members and participate in
governance collectively, rather than using a cold/hot wallet not built for
teams and management of their company assets.

For any project operating on Solana and in need of reliable price feeds for
their dApp, we confidently recommend checking out Pyth:

  * Website: [https://pyth.network](https://pyth.network/)

  * Price Feeds: <https://pyth.network/price-feeds>

  * Docs: [https://docs.pyth.network](https://docs.pyth.network/)

  * Twitter: <https://twitter.com/PythNetwork>

  * Discord: <https://discord.com/invite/PythNetwork>

  

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

**About Squads Protocol**

Squads is a multisig protocol that helps web3-native teams manage and secure
digital assets on-chain. Squads Protocol v3 is the first formally verified
program on Solana. Squads Protocol v4 introduces time locks, spending limits,
roles, sub-accounts, fee relayers, multiple-party payments, support for
SquadsX and more. Squads v4 has been audited by Neodyme, OtterSec, Trail of
Bits and Certora. It has also undergone two formal verifications, one by
OtterSec and the other by Certora. To learn more about Squads Protocol, please
visit <https://squads.so/protocol>

  

Continue reading

[![solana-treasury-stablecoins-landscape-solutions-usdc-usdt-usdy-ybx-
diversify-stable-treasury-euroe-vchf-maple-credix-stablecoin-yield-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/0bRVstnkv4oB5BpXjXmmQiSc.png)The
Current Stablecoin Landscape on Solana for Enterprise TreasuryMarch 13,
2024](./stablecoins-overview-solana)[![marginfi-solana-lending-protocol-
borrow-lend-mrgnlend-solana-interest-rate-apy-lending-sol-jitosol-
msol](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Mpc9bwmMGA7OcH76Is4QDFyyQg.png)Project
Spotlight: marginfi - A New Borrow/Lend ProtocolAugust 22, 2023](./marginfi-
lending-protocol-solana)[![solana-defi-ecosystem-state-overview-solana-defi-
projects-list-ecosystem-defi-solana-
summer](https://framerusercontent.com/images/rVTc4yu2ZCZ4qqXFy0sVEIyptc.png)An
Overview of the Solana DeFi Ecosystem (2023)July 14, 2023](./state-solana-
defi-ecosystem)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

