[ New Project ](https://home.otoy.com/ "Otoy")

[![An image](assets/images/rndr-logo-no-text.png)](index "Otoy")[ New Project
](https://home.otoy.com/ "Otoy") Toggle menu![An image](assets/images/rndr-
logo-text.png)

  * About
  * Render Network
  * [Whitepaper](https://renderfoundation.com/whitepaper)
  * Team & Advisors
  * [Knowledge Base](https://know.rendernetwork.com/)

[Artist Portal](https://rndr.x.io/ "Get Started with RNDR")

[ **Upgrade to Solana** Click here to begin your upgrade process
](https://upgrade.rendernetwork.com/)

#  Rendering the Metaverse

## Distributed GPU rendering on the blockchain

Advancing the Next Generation of Rendering and AI Technology

#### Subscribe to Render Network for updates.

Subscribe to our email list to receive news and updates.

Enter your email addressSubmit This email address is invalid

Subscribe

  * [ ](https://twitter.com/rendernetwork)
  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/rendernetwork)
  * [ ](https://t.me/rendernetwork)
  * [ ](https://www.reddit.com/r/RenderNetwork/)
  * [ ](https://rendernetwork.medium.com/)
  * [ ](https://discord.gg/rendernetwork)

  * About
  * Render Network
  * [Whitepaper](https://renderfoundation.com/whitepaper)
  * Team & Advisors
  * [Knowledge Base](https://know.rendernetwork.com/)

Toggle menu

### About

![An image](assets/images/rndr-logo-no-text.png)

### The Render NetworkÂ®

## The Render NetworkÂ® Provides Near Unlimited Decentralized GPU Computing
Power For Next Generation 3D Content Creation.

The Render Network is the first decentralized GPU rendering platform,
empowering artists to scale GPU rendering work on-demand to high performance
GPU Nodes around the world. Through a blockchain marketplace for idle GPU
compute, the network provides artists the ability to scale next generation
rendering work at fractions of the cost and at orders of magnitude increases
in speed when compared to the centralized GPU cloud.

Launched in 2017, the Render Network is built to provide a platform for a wide
array of computation tasks - from basic rendering to artificial intelligence -
which are facilitated swiftly and efficiently in a blockchain-based peer-to-
peer network, free from error or delay, while ensuring secure property rights.

###### About

OctaneRenderÂ® is the worldâs first and fastest GPU-accelerated, unbiased,
physically correct renderer. Octane uses the graphics card in your computer to
render photo-realistic images super fast. With Octaneâs parallel compute
capabilities, you can create stunning works in a fraction of the time.

OTOYâs Academy AwardÂ®-winning technology is used by leading visual effects
studios, artists, animators, designers, architects, and engineers, providing
unprecedented creative freedom, new levels of realism, and new economics in
content creation and distribution powered by the cloud.

OTOYÂ® was founded in 2008 by Jules Urbach, Alissa Grainger and Malcolm
Taylor. Since then, the company has grown to over 60 employees across four
offices with headquarters in Los Angeles, CA.

###### About

###### Introduction

#### Our vision is to democratize GPU cloud rendering

The Render Network creates a much more efficient, powerful, and widely-
scalable rendering network.

![An image](assets/images/poster.jpg)

The Render Network creates a much more efficient, powerful, and widely-
scalable rendering network.

Read more

###### Introduction

The Render Network is designed to connect users looking to perform render jobs
with people who have idle GPUs to process the renders. Owners would connect
their GPUs to the Render Network in order to receive and complete rendering
jobs using OctaneRender. Users would send RNDR to the individual performing
the render work and OTOY would receive a small percentage of RNDR for
facilitating the transaction and running the Render Network.

Once theyâve registered their idle GPUs on the Render Network, these GPU
owners become âNode Operatorsâ and are able to earn RNDR Tokens. They do
this by accepting jobs from users in need of rendering work, known as
âCreatorsâ, who send their files to the Render Network, where they are
assigned to Operators. the Render Network receives a small percentage of the
RNDR paid out in order to maintain the network and facilitate the transaction.

###### Introduction

###### The Problem

#### Our visual world is evolving at breakneck speed.

Authoring and publishing state-of-the-art graphics is an immense challenge
that is growing each day. The future demand for advanced rendering will lead
to even more complexity and require higher resolution and more interactivity.

### Network Scalability

Making next generation 3D rendering widely accessible for the content demands
of immersive media requires exponential increases in computing scale that is
only possible through a decentralized global network.

### Efficient Infrastructure

Most GPUs sit idle when not in use locally. Meanwhile, artists and developers
struggle scale cloud rendering and computing work. The Render Network provides
a two-sided marketplace for efficiently coordinating global GPU compute supply
and demand.

### A Better Use of GPU Power

Decentralized GPU resources are wasted in âproof of workâ cryptocurrency
mining. Render unlocks the full productive potential of decentralized GPU
computing to power next generation 3D content creation and artificial
intelligence.

### Digital Rights Management

Next generation immersive media and artificial intelligence require new forms
of authentication and provenance. The Render Network provides granular digital
rights management through on-chain traceability of a node based render graph.

1/4

###### How It Works

#### The Render NetworkÂ®

The Render Network is the first network to transform the power of GPU compute
into a decentralized economy of connected 3D assets.

  

Please Read the **[Whitepaper](https://renderfoundation.com/whitepaper)** for
More Details

Tap to expand Render Network  Flowchart

Blockchainâs widespread adoption was the key to realizing the Render
Network. Instead of GPUs being used to only mine currencies, the network uses
their intrinsic function to render and leverage the features of the
blockchain: network, incentives and trust.

##### Uses for the Render NetworkÂ®

Media

Industry

Augmented Reality

Mixed Reality

Gaming

Medical

Virtual Reality

![An image](assets/images/close.png)

###### The Render Ecosystem

Swipe left and right to scroll

![An image](assets/images/infographic.jpg)

Ethereumâs widespread adoption was the key to realizing our vision. Instead
of GPUs being used to only mine currencies, we use their intrinsic function to
render and leverage the features of the blockchain: network, incentives and
trust.

###### The Render Ecosystem

###### Team

#### Meet the founder & our advisors

![An image](assets/images/jules.png)

#### Jules Urbach

##### Founder @ Render

######

Jules sets the strategic vision for OTOY, and is the chief architect of the
companyâs technology roadmap. Widely hailed as a pioneer in computer
graphics, streaming and 3D rendering with over 25 years of industry
experience.

He made his first game, at 18, and went on to make the webâs first 3D video
game platform and licensed the software to Macromedia, Disney, Warner
Brothers, Nickelodeon, Microsoft, Hasbro and AT&T.

His lifeâs work has been to revolutionize 3D content capture, creation and
delivery.

![An image](assets/images/ari.png)

#### Ari Emanuel

##### CEO, Endeavor

Ariel Emanuel is Chief Executive Officer of Endeavor (NYSE: EDR), a global
sports and entertainment company, home to many of the worldâs most dynamic
and engaging storytellers, brands, live events and experiences.

In 2009, Emanuel orchestrated the largest talent agency merger in history when
Endeavor, the original agency he founded in 1995, joined forces with agency
William Morris to form William Morris Endeavor (WME). Three years later, WME
forged a strategic partnership with Silver Lake, a global leader in private
investments in technology. In 2014, the group acquired premier sports,
fashion, events and media company IMG before acquiring premier mixed martial
arts organization UFCÂ® in 2016 â Emanuel helped accelerate the growing
sportâs popularity through a series of blockbuster media rights deals,
including a multi-year broadcast partnership with ESPN. UFCÂ® now produces
more than 40 live events annually in some of the most prestigious arenas
around the world, broadcasting to nearly 900 million TV households across more
than 170 countries. One year later, Endeavor was formed as the holding company
for the global portfolio of businesses. Since then, Endeavor has been named
one of Inc.âs Fastest Growing Companies in America and one of Fast
Companyâs Most Innovative Companies, debuting on the New York Stock Exchange
in 2021.

A graduate of Macalester College, Emanuel is an associate member of the
Academy of Motion Pictures Arts & Sciences. He is based in Beverly Hills.

![An image](assets/images/jj.png)

#### J.J. Abrams

##### Chairman & CEO @ Bad Robot Productions

âAs technology continues to become democratized â including the sort of
remarkable results you can get with Octane â more diverse and unique stories
will be told. Worlds, familiar and extraordinary, will be created and
distributed in ways that could not have been imagined a decade ago.â

![An image](assets/images/brendan.png)

#### Brendan Eich

##### Founder & CEO @ Brave Software & BAT

âAs an advisor to OTOY since the beginning, I applaud their new architecture
for transactions and security. The Render Token is by far the most interesting
project that I've seen in the space, as there is already a vigorous market for
the service, dominated by OTOY, that can be rationalized and harvested through
blockchain technology.â

![An image](assets/images/beeple.jpeg)

#### Mike Winkelmann

##### Artist @Beeple

Beeple is Mike Winkelmann, a graphic designer living in Charleston, SC, USA
who does a variety of digital artwork including short films, Creative Commons
VJ loops, everydays and VR / AR work. He has done work for Apple, Space X,
Nike, Coca-Cola, Adobe, Pepsi, Samsung and many more.

After he began releasing a set of widely used Creative Commons VJ loops he has
worked on concert visuals for Ariana Grande, Justin Bieber, Childish Gambino,
Imagine Dragons, One Direction, Katy Perry, Nicki Minaj, Eminem, Zedd,
Skrillex, deadmau5 etc..

Beeple's artwork was featured on Louis Vuittonâs Women's Spring 2019 ready
to wear collection as well as window displays at their flagship stores all
over the world. They also worked together to build a bespoke custom handbag
featuring bendable LED screens that featured his videos.

One of the originators of the current "everyday" movement in 3D graphics, he
has been creating a picture everyday from start to finish and posting it
online for over thirteen years without missing a single day.

![An image](assets/images/jennifer.png)

#### Jennifer Zhu Scott

##### Principal @ Radian & Council Member @ WEF

âIn a world where originality, creativity, and deep talent don't always come
from the most obvious places, the RNDR token can bring cutting-edge rendering
tools to empower countless content creators and users. In BRIC countries and
other emerging markets, the decentralized nature of this blockchain technology
makes the RNDR network's impact exponential. The dawn of a new form of
creative economy is here, and here to stay.â

![An image](assets/images/demian.jpg)

#### Demian Brener

##### Co-Founder & CEO @ Zeppelin Solutions

Demian is co-founder and CEO of Zeppelin Solutions.

He sets the strategic direction of OpenZeppelin and zeppelinOS, and leads
Zeppelin Solution's auditing and consulting business.

Demian has been active in the space since the early days and pioneered the
first implementation of Bitcoin's payment channel protocol - Streamium.

His work has been featured in major publications including Forbes, Bloomberg
and Techcrunch, and industry-specific publications including 'Blockchains in
the Mainstream' book and 'A Securities Law Framework for Blockchain Tokens'

![An image](assets/images/manuel.jpg)

#### Manuel Araoz

##### CTO @ Zeppelin Solutions & Partner @ INB

Manuel has been working with smart contracts for the past 4 years, building
popular apps and libraries in the space (Proof of Existence, Streamium,
Bitcore and Decentraland).

He's currently CTO at Zeppelin Solutions and lead developer of OpenZeppelin,
an open-source framework to build secure smart contracts in Ethereum.

He's also advisor to several high-profile projects in the blockchain industry,
and a partner at INBlockchain.

![An image](assets/images/david.jpg)

#### David Vorick

##### CEO, Cofounder, Core Developer @ Sia.tech

David is the CEO and founder of the Sia project (since 2015). His contribution
to reinventing cloud storage through blockchain technology has opened up new
possibilities to the computing industry and created a necessary storage layer
to a distributed cloud storage market.

âThe past decade has seen the emergence of numerous disruptive marketplaces,
and the product being built at RNDR is bringing that same power to the
rendering industry. At Sia, weâre honored to be able to assist RNDR with
their goals by providing a storage solution for the projects and renderings
that move through the RNDR network.â

#### And the core team

![An image](assets/images/kalin.png)

#### Kalin Stoyanchev

Head of Blockchain

![An image](assets/images/charlie.png)

#### Charlie Wallace

Chief Technology Officer

![An image](assets/images/phil.jpg)

#### Phillip Gara

Director of Strategy

![An image](assets/images/jayson.jpg)

#### Jayson Kleinman

Project Manager

![An image](assets/images/patrick.png)

#### Padi Frigg

Product Manager

![An image](assets/images/matthew.jpg)

#### Matthew McClure

Blockchain Developer

![An image](assets/images/tim.jpg)

#### Tim Maclean

Developer

![An image](assets/images/daniel.jpg)

#### Daniel Torres

Developer

#### People handling community outreach

![An image](assets/images/mathis.png)

#### Mathis Lesieur

3D Artist & Success Manager

Jules sets the strategic vision for OTOY, and is the chief architect of the
companyâs technology roadmap. Widely hailed as a pioneer in computer
graphics, streaming and 3D rendering with over 25 years of industry
experience.

He made his first game, at 18, and went on to make the webâs first 3D video
game platform and licensed the software to Macromedia, Disney, Warner
Brothers, Nickelodeon, Microsoft, Hasbro and AT&T.

His lifeâs work has been to revolutionize 3D content capture, creation and
delivery.

###### In the news

In the News

[ ](https://www.forbes.com/sites/alicebonasio/2018/07/18/scaling-ar-with-
blockchain-technology/#95fb83a1ecc2)

[ ](https://venturebeat.com/2017/09/09/otoy-is-planning-a-blockchain-peer-to-
peer-gpu-rendering-network/)

[![An image](assets/images/uploadvr.png)](https://uploadvr.com/jules-urbach-
holodeck-quest-otoy/)

[ ](https://www.fxguide.com/featured/more-than-a-token-effort-at-rendering-
with-blockchain/)

[ ](http://variety.com/2017/digital/news/otoy-blockchain-token-
rndr-1202548625/)

[ ](http://www.nasdaq.com/article/otoy-plans-to-raise-134-million-via-token-
sale-for-blockchain-powered-cloud-rendering-exclusive-cm841783)

[Maybe weâve already answered your question.Visit our FAQs ](faqs "Visit the
FAQs page")

#### Subscribe to receive news & updates.

This email address is invalid

#### Join the community on Telegram

[ Join the Render Network Community](https://t.me/rendernetwork "Join RNDR
Community")

[RNDR Logo![An image](assets/images/rndr-logo-no-text.png)](index "rndr")

The first network to transform the power of GPU compute into a decentralized
economy of connected 3D assets.

###### Find us on

  * [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/rendernetwork)
  * [ Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/rendernetwork)
  * [ Telegram ](https://t.me/rendernetwork)
  * [ Reddit ](https://www.reddit.com/r/RenderNetwork/)
  * [ Medium ](https://rendernetwork.medium.com/)
  * [ Discord ](https://discord.gg/rendernetwork)

###### Render Network

  * Watch Intro Video
  * About
  * Render Network
  * [Whitepaper](https://renderfoundation.com/whitepaper)
  * Team & Advisors
  * [Knowledge Base](https://know.rendernetwork.com/)
  * [Privacy Policy](privacy-policy)

2023 Â© OTOY Inc.

Team or press esc

![An image](assets/images/jules.png)

#### Jules Urbach

##### CEO

###### Founder @ Render

Jules sets the strategic vision for OTOY, and is the chief architect of the
companyâs technology roadmap. Widely hailed as a pioneer in computer
graphics, streaming and 3D rendering with over 25 years of industry
experience.

He made his first game, at 18, and went on to make the webâs first 3D video
game platform and licensed the software to Macromedia, Disney, Warner
Brothers, Nickelodeon, Microsoft, Hasbro and AT&T.

His lifeâs work has been to revolutionize 3D content capture, creation and
delivery.

#### Jules Urbach

###### CEO

#### Ari Emmanuel

###### Advisor

Subscribe

  * [Interest Form](https://rndrteam.typeform.com/to/OyZwsp)
  * About
  * Render Network
  * [Whitepaper](https://renderfoundation.com/whitepaper)
  * Team & Advisors
  * [Knowledge Base](https://know.rendernetwork.com/)

  * [ ](https://twitter.com/rendernetwork)
  * [ ](https://www.facebook.com/rendernetwork)
  * [ ](https://t.me/rendernetwork)
  * [ ](https://www.reddit.com/r/RenderNetwork/)
  * [ ](https://rendernetwork.medium.com/)

#### You're Subscribed!

We got your email, and well be in touch.

We use cookies to improve your experience on our website. By continuing to use
this website, you agree to the use of cookies. To learn more about how we use
cookies, please see our [Cookie Policy.](/privacy-policy)

Accept

