[![hawksight defi project white full
logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fassets%2Fimages%2Fgraphics%2Fwhite-
hawksight.png&w=384&q=75)](/)

  * [![hawksight defi project white full logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fassets%2Fimages%2Fgraphics%2Fwhite-hawksight.png&w=384&q=75)](/)

  * [Strategies](/strategies)
  * [Dashboard](/dashboard?tab=positions)
  * Ecosystem

    * [$HAWK Token Staking](https://staking.hawksight.co/)
    * [ DDH PFP UpgradeNew](https://upgrade.hawksight.co/)
    * [DDH NFT Staking](https://nft.hawksight.co/staking)
    * [NFT Raffles](https://nft.hawksight.co/raffle)

  * [Docs](https://hawksight.gitbook.io/whitepaper/)
  * [LP Simulator New](https://simulate.hawksight.co/)

Connect wallet

  * Change wallet

Dashboard

-

Your Total Balance

-

Your Past 24h Yield

-

Your Average 24h APR

24h

7d

Wallet not connected

Activity Log

Wallet not connected

  * Positions

  * Rewards

* * *

* * *

Sort by Your Balance, High to Low

Sort by Yield/TVL, Low to High

Sort by Yield/TVL, High to Low

Sort by APR, Low to High

Sort by APR, High to Low

Sort by TVL, Low to High

Sort by TVL, High to Low

Sort by Volume, Low to High

Sort by Volume, High to Low

Sort by Your Balance, Low to High

Sort by Your Balance, High to Low

Sort by Yield, Low to High

Sort by Yield, High to Low

ðŸš§ Pool 24h APR

Balance

ðŸš§ Past 24h Yield

No matching strategies

Check the spelling or try to clear all filters

Showing 1 - 0 of 0 strategies

Prev

|

Next

![hawksight defi project white full
logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fassets%2Fimages%2Fgraphics%2Fwhite-
hawksight.png&w=384&q=75)

Hawksight is the protocol that optimizes your yield on Solana DeFi. Earn
optimized yields from Solana's Top DeFi Protocols and manage your positions
all in one protocol. Show your support and earn additional yield from our
Hawksight NFTs & HAWK Token.

Our mission is to maximize your experience on Solana DeFi. Join our Discord &
Telegram \- we have a team ready around the clock to get you started.

[Discord](https://discord.gg/7ZDVwAaqWk)[Telegram](https://t.me/joinchat/XAIUa0s3WuZlOTM9)[Twitter](https://www.twitter.com/hawksightco)[Whitepaper](https://hawksight.gitbook.io/whitepaper/)[Medium](https://hawksight.medium.com/)[Instagram](https://instagram.com/hawksightco/)

Hawksight is building Solana's Yield Optimizer. Our mission is to maximize
your experience on Solana Defi, by aggregating and automating DeFi yield
strategies in 1-click so users can instantly get the best yield to grow their
Solana tokens ($SOL) and USDC stablecoins ($USDC) from various yield
strategies such as liquidity providing, borrow lending, options derivatives,
NFT lending, and GameFi yield. Hawksight has and will integrate with leading
Solana DeFi protocols including but not limited to: Solend, Marinade Finance,
Raydium, Lido, Tulip Protocol, Orca, Quarry, Port Finance, Francium, Saber,
Friktion, Mercurial, Socean, JPool, Hubble, UXD, Hedge Labs, Lifinity, Frakt,
PsyFi, and many more.

Hawksight has been audited by leading smart contract security firms including
CertiK and Sec3 (previously Soteria). Hawksight's $HAWK utility tokens are
available on crypto exchanges like KuCoin, MEXC, and Raydium. And Hawksight's
DeFi utility NFTs, the Debonair Degen Hawks, are available on Magic Eden, the
largest Solana NFT marketplace. Hawksight is backed by Solana Ventures, NGC
Ventures, Solar Eco Fund, One Block Capital, Big Brain VC (SOL Big Brain),
Mirana, Petrock Capital, Entrepreneur First, Skyvision Capital, Global
Founders Capital, Everest Ventures Group, and Double Peak Group. Visit
hawksight.co to get the best yield APYs to easily grow your SOL & USDC.

Estimated returns based on the past 24h yield of this pool considering
Hawksight default price range.

Annual Percentage Rate (APR) is the yearly interest rate return earned from
depositing to a pool.

Each number below does not reflect your actual Orca positions' 24h APR yet.

How much yield you've earned in this pool, not including Hawksight incentives.
This USD value is based on current token prices.

Fees from Orca claimed from each of your positions in the past 24h, priced at
the hour of claim.

Each number below does not include rewards from Orca or Hawksight yet.

