![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/bitcoin-core/bitcoin-core.svg?1716491272)](/en/bitcoin-core/)

  * Features
    * [Overview](/en/bitcoin-core/features/)
    * [Validation](/en/bitcoin-core/features/validation)
    * [Privacy](/en/bitcoin-core/features/privacy)
    * [Requirements](/en/bitcoin-core/features/requirements)
    * [User Interface](/en/bitcoin-core/features/user-interface)
    * [Network Support](/en/bitcoin-core/features/network-support)
  * [Get Help](/en/bitcoin-core/help)
  * Contribute
    * [Bug reports](/en/bitcoin-core/contribute/issues)
    * [Code](/en/development)
    * [Documentation](/en/bitcoin-core/contribute/documentation)
    * [Translations](/en/bitcoin-core/contribute/translations)
    * [Tech Support](/en/bitcoin-core/contribute/support)
  * [News](/en/version-history)
  * [Download](/en/download)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Bitcoin](/en/) > [Core](/en/bitcoin-core/) > [Contribute](/en/bitcoin-
core/contribute/) > Documentation

# Writing Bitcoin Core Documentation

Bitcoin Core documentation is spread across three projects: Bitcoin Core, the
Bitcoin Wiki, and Bitcoin.orgâand is further subdivided into different
parts. The sections below briefly describe what documentation is available and
how you can contribute.

## Bitcoin Core Docs Directory

The [developer.bitcoin.org GitHub repository](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-
org/developer.bitcoin.org) contains various files describing aspects of
Bitcoin Core. Almost all of the files are meant for developers and testers
rather than users.

The files can be easily edited in GitHubâs web interface:

  1. Create a GitHub account, or if you already have one, log in.

  2. Find the file you want to edit.

  3. Click the Edit icon (a pencil).

  4. Make your change and click the Preview button to preview it. Revise and edit until youâre happy with it.

  5. At the bottom of the page, fill out the Propose File Change form and submit it.

_Need help getting started? Stop by the[#bitcoin-
dev](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=bitcoin-dev&uio=d4) IRC chatroom
and tell us what documentation you want to write._

## Bitcoin.org Bandwidth Sharing Guide

The [Bitcoin.org bandwidth sharing guide](/en/full-node) currently provides
instructions for how to install Bitcoin Core on multiple operating systems,
configure it to automatically start at boot, and manually open port 8333 so it
accepts incoming connections.

To contribute, you can [edit the guide](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-
org/bitcoin.org/edit/master/en/full-node.md) using the same GitHub web
interface as described in the previous section.

_Need help getting started? You can[open an issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-
dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new) or email Bitcoin.org documentation maintainer
[Will Binns](mailto:will@bitcoin.org)._

## Bitcoin Wiki

The Bitcoin Wiki uses the popular MediaWiki software, so you may already know
how to edit it and create new pages. To reduce spam, you need to [create an
account](https://en.bitcoin.it/w/index.php?title=Special:UserLogin&type=signup)
and then follow the [instructions to enable
editing](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Bitcoin_Wiki:Editing_privileges).

Current documentation can be found in the [Bitcoin Core documentation
category](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Category:Bitcoin_Core_documentation). If
you create a new page, be sure to add it to the [Bitcoin Core documentation
template](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Template:Bitcoin_Core_documentation) and
then add the following code to the very bottom of the page:

    
    
    {{Bitcoin Core documentation}}
    

Adding the line above to a page will also add that page to the Bitcoin Core
documentation category.

_Need help getting started? Stop by the[#bitcoin-
wiki](https://webchat.freenode.net/?channels=bitcoin-wiki&uio=d4) IRC chatroom
and tell us what documentation you want to write._

## Bitcoin.org RPC/REST API Reference

The [Bitcoin.org developer reference](https://developer.bitcoin.org/) contains
over 100 printed pages worth of documentation for the Bitcoin Core RPC and
REST interfaces, which are mainly used by Bitcoin Core command line users and
developers of apps depending on Bitcoin Core.

To contribute RPC edits, the easiest way is to:

  1. Go to the [developer.bitcoin.org GitHub repository](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/developer.bitcoin.org).

  2. Create a GitHub account, or if you already have one, log in.

  3. Find the file you want to edit.

  4. Click the Edit icon (a pencil).

  5. Make your change and click the Preview button to preview it. Revise and edit until youâre happy with it.

  6. At the bottom of the page, fill out the Propose File Change form and submit it.

_Need help getting started? You can[open an issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-
dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new) or email Bitcoin.org documentation maintainer
[Will Binns](mailto:will@bitcoin.org)._

  

[PREV](/en/development) [NEXT](/en/bitcoin-core/contribute/translations)

  

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)  
Bitcoin Core pages on Bitcoin.org are [maintained separately](/en/bitcoin-
core/about-site) from the rest of the site.

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

