[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * F) Blockchain Basics __
  * ... __
  * What Is a Mempool?

The Classroom

PATHWAY F) Blockchain Basics

chapter 3/4

# What Is a Mempool?

May 1, 2023 | **Updated Sep 13, 2023**

__Read 5 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Mempool%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-mempool
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool&title=What%20Is%20a%20Mempool%3F "Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— A mempool is a blockchain node’s waiting room for queued and pending
transactions.  
  
— There isn’t just one mempool for a blockchain, but many – one for each node
on the network.  
  
— A transaction is only included in a block on the chain after it has been
verified and approved in the mempool.  
  
If you’ve ever bought an NFT, exchanged crypto or simply sent funds from your
wallet to another address, you may have experienced delays with your
transaction. But have you ever considered where your transaction is during
that delay?

Seeing your funds in a pending state can be stressful. You might be thinking,
“Did it work?” or “Has my transaction failed? While the transaction is still
pending, it goes to a specific place to await approval called a crypto
mempool. But what is a mempool exactly, and how does it work?

For a simple definition, the term “mempool” is a contraction of the words
“memory” and “pool”. However, when it comes to the mempool’s role in
[blockchain technology](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain),
it’s a bit more complex than that.

So let’s dive in.

## What Is a Mempool?

A mempool is a [blockchain node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-
node-and-why-should-i-operate-one)’s version of a waiting room for not-yet-
approved transactions. Once you initiate it, your transaction automatically
joins the queue in the mempool, before being processed on the blockchain.

## What Is a Mempool For?

Mempools are an integral part of how a blockchain node functions. To explain,
approving a [blockchain transaction](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-
a-blockchain-transaction-work) involves including it in a new block on the
blockchain. However, not all participants in a network can create new blocks.
For example, on [proof-of-
work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-work)
blockchains like Bitcoin, only [crypto
miners](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-mining-what-is-it) can create
blocks. Then on [proof-of-
stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-stake)
blockchains like Ethereum, only
[validators](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-blockchain-validator)
can create blocks.

So, when you sign a transaction, you have to rely on either a miner or a
validator to add it to a block and broadcast it to the network. However, there
may be some time between you approving the transaction and its broadcasting to
the network. In the meantime, the transaction needs a place to wait, and it
does so in a place called the mempool.

## How Does a Mempool Work?

It’s important to note that there isn’t just one mempool for each chain. In
fact, there is a mempool in every node on each chain, and they each receive
different transactions at different times.  So, how does that work exactly?

Well, transactions in a mempool have two possible states, queued or pending.
Queued transactions become pending transactions when the nodes validate them.
Then miners can only add pending transactions to a block.

Imagine you decide to send 1 ETH to a friend. You input your friend’s wallet
address, set the gas fee, and click on “Send”. At this point, your transaction
enters your mempool as a “queued” transaction. From there, it is broadcast
across the system of nodes. But it’s not added to the blockchain just yet.

Instead, each node runs checks to ensure the queued transaction is valid. If
the nodes don’t find an issue, the transaction moves from a “queued” to a
“pending” status. At some point, a miner or validator will pick up the pending
transaction from their node’s mempool and add it to a new block. Next, your
transaction is approved, and your friend receives that 1ETH. Then the rest of
the nodes communicate with each other to remove the transaction from their
mempools.

## Why Is My Transaction Still in the Mempool?

There are a few key reasons your transaction could be stuck. So let’s explore
what they may be.

### **Network Congestion  **

The biggest reason why transactions get stuck in the mempool is network
congestion.

Remember how the miners and validators will eventually add a valid transaction
to a block? Well, thousands of transactions are submitted at any given moment.
So, how do they choose which transaction to process first?

Simply, miners and validators choose to process transactions with the highest
rewards first.  Thus, when the network is congested, fees spike as some
participants are more willing to pay higher transaction fees so their
transaction will be processed first. That means if you submit a transaction in
a busy period, you must match the price others on the network are willing to
pay.

In essence, it’s not dissimilar to how some countries’ taxi prices work. If
it’s a busy Friday night, your taxi might be expensive and leave you waiting a
long time. On a quiet afternoon, the same distance will be half the price and
twice as fast. Well on the blockchain, that taxi driver is your miner or
validator, and they get the power to accept the transactions they want the
rewards for.

While that might make these block creators look greedy, the system is built
like that. When the system is too busy, it will automatically prioritize
transactions offering the biggest rewards. This means that transactions with
too low a fee may get dropped, but don’t think that’s the end of the story.
Even a transaction that’s pushed out of the mempool at one point may be picked
up by a node and replayed at a later date.

### **You Set the Gas Fee Too Low**

Another reason your transaction may be stuck in the mempool, is that you may
have accidentally set the gas fee too low for a miner or validator to ever
pick it up. If you offer something obscenely too low, the network will never
be quiet enough to process your transaction. To learn more, make sure you read
the full article on [crypto gas
fees](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-gas-fees).

### **The Hash Rate Drops**

 If you’re transacting on the Bitcoin network sometimes transactions get stuck
because the hash rate drops. Put simply, in these situations the network
doesn’t have the physical computing power to execute the number of pending
transactions.

So now you have an idea why, let’s explore some of the solutions there are to
the problem.

## How Can I Release My Transaction from the Mempool

Releasing your transaction from the mempool can be tricky. You have a few
options and it’s certainly not a one-size-fits-all operation. What you decide
to choose will depend on how your transaction got stuck in the mempool in the
first place.

There are three main options to choose from, but it’s important to note that
their exact methods will vary from blockchain to blockchain.

### **Cancel The Transaction**

You can cancel your transactions on blockchains. However, it will cost another
transaction fee to do so. This is not possible directly through Ledger Live.
So if you want to cancel an Ethereum transaction with your Ledger, make sure
to read the Academy guide on how to connect your [Ledger to a third-party
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-safest-way-to-use-
metamask) such as Metamask. Using this method, it’s as simple as hitting
“cancel” on your wallet’s interface.

You can also cancel Ethereum transactions using a more advanced method. This
involves sending a transaction with the same nonce. If you want to use this
method, check out the Ledger support article on [how to cancel a transaction
using a nonce](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/9330590476829-How-
to-cancel-a-stuck-transaction-in-Metamask-using-nonce?support=true).

### **Speed The Transaction Up**  

You can also speed up transactions on both Ethereum and Bitcoin by connecting
your Ledger to third-party wallets such as Metamask and Electrum respectively.
However, it will cost you more of your cryptocurrency to do so.

### **Wait a Bit Longer**

Your last option is to wait a little longer. If your gas fee wasn’t too low
and the network is just congested, your transaction should eventually go
through. In the worst-case scenario, you may have to wait a few days.

## Final Thoughts on Mempools

So now you know all about mempools, and how they take part in processing
transactions. You know they exist in every node in the network, and they are
integral for a blockchain’s validation process. Plus, you even know what to do
if your transaction gets stuck in the mempool!

While they aren’t often talked about, mempools provide a core function for
blockchain networks; they act as a sort of halfway house for transactions
still in processing. That’s why it’s so important to know how they function.
How your transaction behaves in the mempool determines its future on the
blockchain.

So, before you start transacting, you might want to check out the terms of the
deal. It’s all too easy to set up a transaction you wish you didn’t. To avoid
that, the best weapon is information. Understanding the transactions you sign
is important when navigating the crypto space. Even crypto veterans can make
mistakes, and once you send a transaction to the mempool, it’s not always
possible to cancel it before someone processes it.  If you accidentally buy an
expensive NFT, or worse, agree to trade your assets for nothing—there’s no
going back once it’s approved.

So, keep your wits about you! Only you have the power to control what you send
to the mempool, and which of your transactions get picked up first. You have
the agency over your crypto and your blockchain transactions—because that’s
what true self-custody is all about.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Mempool%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-mempool
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool&title=What%20Is%20a%20Mempool%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-
secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding)

[What is Sharding?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-proof-
of-stake-npos)

[What Is Nominated Proof of Stake
(NPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-
proof-of-stake-npos)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-ripple)

[What Is Ripple (XRP)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-ripple)

__Read

9 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=df0bf7b1-b76e-4d92-a492-0c0430bffd6f&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=21e8685e-c9c1-4959-a7ee-53c7e07c0872&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-
mempool&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=df0bf7b1-b76e-4d92-a492-0c0430bffd6f&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=21e8685e-c9c1-4959-a7ee-53c7e07c0872&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=73ea9f38-02ae-4914-934b-b5b3d797352b&sid=2fdbe4e01cfd11efac6021bc93f6eda0&vid=2fdc0a501cfd11ef93d101939aff86f7&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20a%20Mempool%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool&r=&lt=2280&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=716811)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A43%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20a%20Mempool%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-mempool&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

