[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWJvdXQ%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYWJvdXQ%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[About](/about)[Careers](/careers)[Press](/press)[Community](/community)

Welcome to Binance

At Binance, we believe that everyone should have the freedom to earn, hold,
spend, share and give their money - no matter who you are or where you come
from.

$65 bn

Average daily volume

300 bn

Spot transactions in 2022

24/7

Customer Support in 40 languages

Our Mission

Today, Binance is the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem, with a product
suite that includes the largest digital asset exchange. Our mission is to be
the infrastructure provider for crypto in tomorrow’s world.

[Learn More](/mission)

Our Ecosystem

Our platform is trusted by millions worldwide, and features an unmatched
portfolio of financial product offerings.

Binance Exchange

Binance Exchange is the largest crypto exchange by trade volume.

Binance Research

Binance Research provides institutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and
unbiased information to all participants in the digital asset industry.

Binance Academy

Binance Academy is an open-access learning hub, providing free blockchain and
crypto education in over 10 languages.

Binance Charity

Binance Charity is a non-profit organization dedicated to building a future
where Web3 technology is used as a force of good.

Binance NFT

Binance NFT is the official NFT marketplace of Binance, dedicated to building
a community-focused platform that enhances user experience.

Binance Square

Binance Square is a single touchpoint for the latest trends in Web3,
displaying a range of content from crypto experts, enthusiasts, and media
sources as it goes live.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/new-hompage/trusted-section.png)

Putting Our Users First

Users are at the heart of everything we do. From the beginning, we’ve made
user protection our top priority. That is why we’ve embedded state-of-the-art
security measures and strict data privacy controls across the entire Binance
ecosystem.

[User Protection](/event/user_protection)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/fair-m.png)

Working with Regulators

We’re also committed to meeting the highest standards for regulatory
compliance to maintain our responsibility to our users and further build a
sustainable path forward for the blockchain industry.

[Learn More](/legal/licenses)

Our Founders

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/cz2.png)

CZ (Changpeng Zhao)

Co-Founder & Former CEO

Changpeng Zhao, known as CZ, is a serial entrepreneur with an impressive track
record of successful startups. He launched Binance in July 2017 and, within
180 days, grew Binance into the largest digital asset exchange in the world by
trading volume. An pioneer within the blockchain industry, CZ has built
Binance into the leading blockchain ecosystem, comprised of Binance Exchange,
Labs, Launchpad, Academy, Research, Trust Wallet, Charity, NFT, and more. CZ
spent his youth flipping burgers before studying at McGill University
Montreal. In 2005, CZ quit his role as head of the Bloomberg Tradebook Futures
Research & Development team and moved to Shanghai to start Fusion Systems.
Soon thereafter, he learned about Bitcoin and joined Blockchain.com as Head of
Technology.

View More

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/heyi3.png)

Yi He

Co-Founder

Yi He leads business, marketing, and branding strategy at Binance. Yi has led
the business strategy behind Binance’s growth to become the world’s largest
crypto exchange – having pivoted the company from just a crypto-to-crypto
trading platform to a global blockchain ecosystem. Before co-founding Binance,
Yi served as Vice President at Yixia Technology, the leading mobile video tech
company behind popular mobile apps like Miaopai, Xiaokaxiu, and Yizhibo, where
she led branding strategy and marketing operations. She was also a fundamental
part of the fundraising strategy that drove the firm’s valuation to USD$3+
billion. Additionally, Yi was co-founder of the digital asset exchange OKCoin
between 2014 and 2015. Yi is recognized as one of the most influential
entrepreneurs in the blockchain industry and has helped to create a trend of
hiring female executives in the male-dominant tech industry, increasing the
market’s trust in women leaders.

View More

Binance Board of Directors

Gabriel Abed

Chairman of the Board (Independent Board Member)

Gabriel Abed is a globally recognized technology entrepreneur, seasoned board
member and former diplomat specializing in the intersection of regulatory
innovation and financial technologies. He has over 13 years of experience
within the blockchain industry and has navigated complex financial landscapes
within regulated environments across several industries and countries. Mr.
Abed launched the first Barbadian Embassy in the Middle East, serving as
Ambassador of Barbados to the United Arab Emirates and Non-Resident Ambassador
to Kuwait.

In 2013, Mr. Abed was the founding CEO of Bitt, the trailblazing company that
introduced one of the world’s earliest Central Bank Digital Currencies
(CBDCs). In 2016, he co-founded Digital Asset Capital Management (DACM), a
hedge fund that quickly became best-performing in its category. Today, he
continues to be a leading authority on digital economy affairs, regulation and
blockchain technologies.

In April 2018, Mr. Abed was appointed as the Special Technology Advisor to the
Honourable David Burt of Bermuda. In 2020 he had a leadership role in the
World Economic Forum’s Global Future Council on Cryptocurrencies’ Regulatory
Framework Group. He was also a board member of the Barbados Stock Exchange and
of ANSA Bank (Trinidad). Mr. Abed serves as an honorary member for the
Barbados Financial Services Commission’s subcommittee for FinTech.

Mr. Abed graduated with honors from the Ontario Technology University, with a
Bachelor’s Degree in Information Technology, majoring in Network Security. Due
to his contributions to blockchain and regulation technology, Mr. Abed was
also conferred an Honorary Doctorate in Law by the University of the West
Indies.

As Chairman of Binance’s Board of Directors, Mr. Abed remains dedicated to
forging multilateral relationships across governments, governance, technology
and regulation.

Xin Wang

Independent Board Member

Xin Wang is a qualified lawyer in the State of California and a Solicitor of
England and Wales with extensive experience in leveraged, acquisition and
project financings as well as mergers and acquisitions (M&A). Ms. Wang serves
as an independent board member of Binance’s Board of Directors.

Ms. Wang is the CEO of Bayview Acquisition Corp, a special purpose acquisition
company listed on NASDAQ. She also serves as consulting partner at BHR
Partners, a firm that focuses on strategic private equity investments in
cross-border M&A deals with specific focus on high-end manufacturing and
natural resource sectors. Prior to BHR, she served as Counsel with the
international law firm of White & Case. Ms. Wang received her Bachelor of
Commerce from McGill University and Juris Doctorate from Boston University
School of Law.

Arnaud Ventura

Independent Board Member

Arnaud Ventura is Managing Partner of Gojo & Company, a Tokyo Based investment
holding company. He is a serial entrepreneur focusing on businesses that
generate strong social impact. Mr. Ventura founded and led two of the leading
financial inclusion groups worldwide, PlaNet Finance and Baobab (formally
known as MicroCred Group), a microfinance holding company which he led as its
founder and CEO till 2019. Mr. Ventura was also the Founder of mBank Holding,
a mobile banking-based group and of the Positive Economy Forum, a series of
events focusing on developing a positive economy. Mr. Ventura is Co-Founder
and President of the France-China Young Leader Programme and the France Asia
Foundation. Mr. Ventura is a French-American Young Leader Fellow and a WEF
Young Global Leader. He is a graduate of one of the top French engineering
schools.

Mr. Ventura is also an Independent Board member with: NSIA Group and MANZI
Holding; Ard Financial Services, where he is also chairman of the Audit & Risk
committee; and, Humo Bank, where he also chairs the Risk committee. Mr.
Ventura is also the Chairman of the Board of Binance France, a registered VASP
in France.

Richard Teng

[Richard Teng](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/bio-richard-teng-
binances-new-ceo-6819833624741779461) is the CEO of Binance; previously
serving as CEO of Binance Singapore and held roles looking after the MENA
region, the European region, and ultimately all regions outside of the U.S. as
the Head of Regional Markets at Binance.In this role, he led regional teams to
secure strategic partnerships, foster an ecosystem of innovation, and expand
the cryptocurrency ecosystem within the respective regions.

Prior to joining Binance, Mr. Teng was a former regulator. He was the CEO of
the Financial Services Regulatory Authority at Abu Dhabi Global Market (ADGM),
where he showcased his capabilities as one of the world’s foremost innovative
regulators. Mr. Teng’s vast experience also includes previous roles as the
Chief Regulatory Officer of the Singapore Exchange (SGX) and Director of
Corporate Finance at the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS). Mr. Teng
received his Masters in Applied Finance (Distinction) from the University of
Western Australia and a Bachelor of Accountancy (1st Class) from Nanyang
Technological University.

Lilai Wang

Lilai Wang is the top product expert in Binance and a founding member of the
organization. He developed the cutting-edge technology that drives Web3
innovation through the Binance platform. He is responsible for the design and
implementation of the exchange platform and wallet system, ensuring its
security, stability, and scalability. He has been working in the financial
industry for over 10 years. Prior to joining Binance, Mr. Wang played a
leading role in the development of the credit booking, analytics and marking
systems in Nomura and the equity system in Morgan Stanley.

Heina Chen

Heina Chen is a Senior Executive and Co-Founder of Binance. With deep Web3
experience, Ms. Chen manages the clearing, settlement and treasury at Binance
and is also responsible for the strategy implementation, company policies
enhancement and business operation management. Ms. Chen has over 14 years of
operations management and entrepreneurial experience. The breadth of her
experience includes overseeing the whole back office covering Finance, HR,
Admin, Clearing, and Treasury functions for the world’s largest cryptocurrency
exchange. Prior to Binance, Ms. Chen was Chief Operating Officer and Co-
Founder of Bijie Tech, a software development company providing exchange-as-a-
service platforms to other exchanges. Ms. Chen has a Master EMBA from the
National University of Singapore and Bachelor’s Degree in Finance and
Accounting from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics.

Rock He

Rock He dedicated himself to the digital currency field in 2014 and joined
Binance in 2017 as one of the founding team members, where he has led a number
of business units including one of the most critical, Fiat, for the on-ramps
and off-ramps. Mr. He has over a decade of experience in team management and
more than four years of experience in Internet and media companies leading
operations, branding and business.

Mr. He has more than 10 years of experience in the blockchain industry,
including as an independent researcher, with strong institutional knowledge
with respect to Binance’s product offerings and product development strategy.
Mr. He oversees daily business operations, including the setting of key
performance indicators, and ensuring teams achieve their performance targets.
Mr. He focuses on plans to increase efficiency and reduce operational costs;
coordination with the regional and global management team to ensure alignment;
and, ensures operational processes stay compliant with local laws and
regulations. Mr. He has a Master EMBA from the National University of
Singapore.

Global Advisory Board

Max Baucus

USA

Former U.S. Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China; Former U.S. Senator
Montana; Former Chairman of Senate Committee on Finance

HyungRin Bang

Korea

Advisor of the Korea Presidential Committee; PR/Communications Advisor of Yoon
Seuk-Yul’s 2022 Presidential Campaign; Former CEO, SoftForum Inc.; Former
Executive Director, Hyundai; Former Executive Director, Samsung;

Henrique de Campos Meirelles

Brazil

Former Minister of the Economy, Former President of the Central Bank of
Brazil, Former Chair of J&F’s board of directors, Former Member of the Board
of Directors of Azul Brazilian Airlines, Former President, BankBoston; Former
President of Global Banking, FleetBoston Financial; Former Board member,
Raytheon Corporation, Bestfoods and Champion International. Former Member of
the Council of Lloyd’s of London; Former Chairman of Lazard Americas.

Adalberto Palma

Mexico

Honorary Board Member of The Aspen Institute Mexico; Former Senior Advisor at
the Chief of Staff Office to the President of Mexico; Director of Business
Development at BEworksMX Consulting; Former President of the CNBV; Founding
Chairman of The Center for Excellency in Corporate Governance; Independent
Director of the Institute for Savings Protection; President of Bankers Trust
Mêxico, Colombia and Venezuela; Managing Director of Citibank Mexico.

David Plouffe

USA

Business, Non-Profit and Political strategist; Author, Member of Various
Boards of Directors; Former Campaign Manager Senior Advisor to President Obama
in the White House

Christin Schäfer

Germany

Founder and Managing Director of acs plus; Former Group Risk Operating
Officer, Erste Group Bank; Former Global Head of Quantitative Solutions,
Deutsche Bank, Member of the Data Ethics Commission, German Federal Government

Lord Vaizey

UK

Member of the House of Lords; Former Minister and Member of Parliament

David Wright

Europe

Chair, EUROFI; Former Secretary General, IOSCO, Former European Commission;
Deputy Director General Financial Markets, European Commission

Working at Binance

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/careers/grow.png)

Working at Binance

At Binance, we give people the freedom to own their decisions, collaborate
openly, and serve our users with passion and integrity. Join the Binance team
today and work with some of the world’s most talented, hardworking, and
passionate people.

[Explore Jobs](/careers)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

