[ALL.ART](/)

Products

[Certification Platform](/#credentee)

Issue and manage digital certificates

[Token Registry](/#tokenregistry)

Register and verify tokens

[RWA Launchpad and Marketplace Platform](/#rwamarketplace)

Tokenize and trade real-world assets

[Open NFT Marketplace on Solana](/#solsea)

Trade NFTs on our Solana-based marketplace

[Unity Solana Wallet](/#unitysolana)

Integrate Solana blockchain into Unity

[Unity Sui Wallet](/#unitysui)

Leverage Sui Blockchain in Unity

[Solutions](/#solutions)

[$AART token](/#aarttoken)

[News](/news)

Collective

[Join the collective](/collective/join-the-collective)

[Contact us](/collective/contact-us)

![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English

[![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English](/)[![ไทย
\(ไทย\) flag](/assets/flags/th.svg)ไทย (ไทย)](/th-TH)[![srpski \(latinica,
Srbija\) flag](/assets/flags/rs.svg)srpski (latinica, Srbija)](/sr-Latn-
RS)[![繁體中文 flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)繁體中文](/zh-Hant)[![Deutsch
\(Deutschland\) flag](/assets/flags/de.svg)Deutsch (Deutschland)](/de-
DE)[![中文（中国） flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)中文（中国）](/zh-CN)[![Indonesia
\(Indonesia\) flag](/assets/flags/id.svg)Indonesia (Indonesia)](/id-
ID)[![italiano \(Italia\) flag](/assets/flags/it.svg)italiano (Italia)](/it-
IT)[![Tiếng Việt \(Việt Nam\) flag](/assets/flags/vn.svg)Tiếng Việt (Việt
Nam)](/vi-VN)[![français \(France\) flag](/assets/flags/fr.svg)français
(France)](/fr-FR)

[ALL.ART](/)

Open language menu![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)

[ALL.ART](/)

[![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English](/)[![ไทย
\(ไทย\) flag](/assets/flags/th.svg)ไทย (ไทย)](/th-TH)[![srpski \(latinica,
Srbija\) flag](/assets/flags/rs.svg)srpski (latinica, Srbija)](/sr-Latn-
RS)[![繁體中文 flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)繁體中文](/zh-Hant)[![Deutsch
\(Deutschland\) flag](/assets/flags/de.svg)Deutsch (Deutschland)](/de-
DE)[![中文（中国） flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)中文（中国）](/zh-CN)[![Indonesia
\(Indonesia\) flag](/assets/flags/id.svg)Indonesia (Indonesia)](/id-
ID)[![italiano \(Italia\) flag](/assets/flags/it.svg)italiano (Italia)](/it-
IT)[![Tiếng Việt \(Việt Nam\) flag](/assets/flags/vn.svg)Tiếng Việt (Việt
Nam)](/vi-VN)[![français \(France\) flag](/assets/flags/fr.svg)français
(France)](/fr-FR)

[ALL.ART](/)

Products

[Certification Platform](/#credentee)[Token Registry](/#tokenregistry)[RWA
Launchpad and Marketplace Platform](/#rwamarketplace)[Open NFT Marketplace on
Solana](/#solsea)[Unity Solana Wallet](/#unitysolana)[Unity Sui
Wallet](/#unitysui)

[Solutions](/#solutions)[$AART token](/#aarttoken)[News](/news)

Collective

[Join the collective](/collective/join-the-collective)[Contact
us](/collective/contact-us)

![ALL.ART Collective to Launch New Gaming Project with Continued Support from
Sui Network](https://s3.eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/storage.digitalmind.rs/files/b3b16fd2fce64da97bbaaedd85c6709d72d8e4235a5ccb5ad8b68bf55440b2c4.png)

## ALL.ART Collective to Launch New Gaming Project with Continued Support from
Sui Network

ALL.ART Collective is set to launch an open-source hyper-casual game, backed
by a grant from the Sui Network. Integrating our Unity-Sui wallet, this
upcoming game will empower developers to accelerate their Web3 game
development.

Mar 23,
2024[Sui](/news/category/sui)[Gaming](/news/category/gaming)[Unity](/news/category/unity)

Scheduled for a showcase at the Sui Vietnam Hackathon, this new hyper-casual
game represents a significant opportunity for developers to explore the
capabilities of ALL.ART's Unity-Sui wallet and Sui blockchain. It encourages
developers to experiment and create their own games utilizing this open-source
product.

Sui is designed with inherent scalability and low, predictable gas fees,
making it a natural fit for Web3 gaming. Overcoming common blockchain
challenges provides an ideal environment for developers, like ALL.ART, to
craft games that utilize blockchain technology.

The significance of open-source in the ALL.ART and Sui ecosystem collaboration
extends far beyond the low fees, embodying many benefits for game developers
and projects. By leveraging open-source solutions, ALL.ART empowers a
community-driven approach that accelerates the creation of new games, while
simultaneously promoting a culture of shared knowledge and collective progress
within the Web3 ecosystem.

As the community awaits the full reveal of this exciting project, this
collaboration serves as a powerful teaser of the innovations set to redefine
the Web3 gaming landscape. Stay tuned, as more details about this initiative
are coming very soon.

[X](https://twitter.com/allartprotocol)[Telegram](https://t.me/allartprotocol)[Discord](http://discord.gg/WrHUhqgnBd)[Medium](https://allart.medium.com/)[CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/community/profile/all_art/)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/all-
art/)

© 2021 ALL.ART. All rights reserved.

