[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs") __
  * ... __
  * Digital Identity in Blockchain: What Is It About?

# Digital Identity in Blockchain: What Is It About?

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Feb 16, 2023 | **Updated May 29, 2023**

__Read 6 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-identity
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Digital%20Identity%20in%20Blockchain%3A%20What%20Is%20It%20About%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-identity "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-digital-identity
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-
identity&title=Digital%20Identity%20in%20Blockchain%3A%20What%20Is%20It%20About%3F
"Reddit")

![Grey background and computer with NFT text.](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/07_NFT_Cover_White-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
— A digital identity is a collection of unique attributes and properties that
describes your identity in the virtual sphere.  
  
— Using a blockchain-based solution for digital identities allows you to own
your data and boost security.  
  
— Digital identities unlock access to information, communities, and
applications, typically through verifiable NFTs.  
  
Our lives have become increasingly digital. We can bank online, store personal
documentation online, and even spend time in virtual worlds that also exist
online.

As a result, we store much of our life digitally — and the lines are becoming
blurred between real life and the [virtual
world](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/virtual-worlds-on-the-blockchain-
welcome-to-the-metaverse).

Within that virtual world is a scattered array of your personal data — a
collection of information that creates a unique digital fingerprint of you.

## What Is Digital Identity?

A Digital identity can be made up of multiple components, but essentially it’s
all digital information that represents an individual. This information is
generally non-transferable and thus reusable. Mainly, it’s used as
identification proof for an individual online. This unique, verifiable
representation of an individual allows users to interact and transact in the
virtual world.

In web2, your digital identity comprises of those components that make up your
online presence, such as your usernames, email addresses and purchase history.
However, for web3, this works a little differently.

Since the blockchain is immutable, digital identity in crypto is forever.
Thus, managing this unique and personal information is not so simple. For the
most part, we entrust it to big centralized companies and hope for the best.
While it may be convenient to do so, it is certainly not secure.

## The Need for a Decentralized Digital Identity

Generally speaking, a third party, such as the government, an institution or a
bank, is the guarantor of your most sensitive documents. For instance,
electricity bills or bank statements are often used as address proofs — where
the electricity board or the bank verifies your information.

But there are major problems with this setup. First, using a third party to
sign off on your identity means that they have your data, typically on paper
or in a centralized database somewhere.  This means that your data is at the
mercy of these service providers or governments.

Users have little digital sovereignty and virtually no say in how these
services use their data. Additionally, centralized companies that store large
amounts of personal data are a huge target for would-be hackers, leaving your
data at risk.

Hackers have to deal with just one attack surface or connected servers. While
that interface must repel every attack, it only takes one successful hacker to
breach an entire system. In short, although you trust these companies to keep
your data safe – there is no guarantee it will be.

## What Are the Benefits of Using the Blockchain for Digital Identity?

Using the [blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain) for
digital identities enables a secure digital footprint by providing a host of
benefits such as data ownership, immutability, and accessibility.

### Data Ownership, Digital Sovereignty

The blockchain adds a digital ownership infrastructure to the internet. It
provides a network of digital “addresses” where individuals can store digital
data, and enjoy sovereign control over it.

By using blockchain to manage your data, your identity will be stored within
your sovereign blockchain address instead of on a server or in a database run
by a third party. You yourself will enjoy control of that address via your
private key, providing the ultimate identity management system that gives
access exclusively to you.

The consequence of this goes even further: by using blockchain as a management
system (together with smart contracts, which can also be programmed with
sovereign conditions), you can also choose what, when, with whom, and for how
long you want to share that data.

### Trustless Data Means Better Security

Blockchain means you control your own data and digital existence without
trusting any third parties.

Hacking a blockchain network, on the other hand, requires controlling 51% of
the network (in terms of either computing power, or staked coins), which is
significantly harder – if not impossible – to execute. Once stored on the
blockchain, data cannot be changed, hacked or tampered with – it is immutable.

Therefore, all the information on your decentralized digital identity is safe
forever, with few of the security issues faced by centralized organizations.

### Accessibility & Interoperability

Another key benefit of a decentralized identity is that it can act as a
passport to access multiple ecosystem applications. For example, your access
to multiple different [metaverses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/your-guide-
to-the-metaverse), platforms, and private member groups might rely on the same
crypto wallet; and you may even be able to use the same assets across multiple
platforms and services.

In some ways, we’ve already achieved this with digital wallets like Metamask
functioning as a decentralized login for blockchain-based applications. This
is one nascent example of how digital identity might function in the future,
attaching identity verification for your entire virtual world to your private
key.

A good example of the practical implications is that [DHS is
](https://www.dhs.gov/science-and-technology/news/2020/10/09/news-release-dhs-
awards-alternative-identifier-social-security-number)exploring options to
phase out your social security number using decentralized technologies.

## Different Digital Identities in Blockchain

Your digital identity on the blockchain is characterised by the different
tokens and transactions that distinguish you as in individual. For personal
documents and certification, digital identity ususally comes in a type of
[non-fungible token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/nft-beginners-guide)
called a [soulbound
token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-soulbound-
token). This token is non-transferable, meaning you can’t send it to any other
wallet. As each token is linked to an individual, you can use them as proof of
identification.

You control and build your own digital identity based on the assets you own
and the platforms you interact with. So, let’s take a look at the different
digital identities in blockchain and how you can start building yours.

### 1\. Avatars

Avatars are a digital representation of yourself in the metaverse. Think of it
as a virtual “you” that is customizable to look and act the way you want.

In the emerging metaverse, avatars tend to exist as NFTs. NFT avatars are
popular since they  hold value as a unique digital identity, investment, and
“access card” for communities. Further, every NFT is uniquely verifiable
through the blockchain — which means your identity is yours and yours alone,
just like in the real world.

With these avatar-based NFTs, you can protect your identity, express
yourselves freely and gain digital sovereignty. The popularity of metaverse
games like The [Sandbox](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-sandbox-
alpha-season-3) and [Wilder World](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
wilder-world), where users can own their identity, proves how valuable these
benefits are. To give you an example of the perceived value of these avatars,
a Cryptopunk NFT owner refused a [$9.5
million](https://twitter.com/richerd/status/1449187165875826693?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1449187165875826693%7Ctwgr%5Ef42e08e5d7f0cd1e618af497fc2cdd1bc17c42f4%7Ctwcon%5Es1_&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.gadgets360.com%2Fcryptocurrency%2Fnews%2Fnft-
cryptopunk-6046-sale-richerd-costliest-eth-2500-record-breaking-purchase-
decline-reason-twitter-2579182) offer simply because of the brand identity he
built around his NFT.

Since most metaverses and NFTs are on the Ethereum blockchain, they can also
be designed to be interoperable. That translates to you being able to use the
same “avatar” or NFT across multiple metaverses and dApps, further cementing
the brand value of your digital identity.

### 2\. Web3 Domains

One of the most popular types of digital identity includes web3 domains. Your
web2 domain, such as a .com or .net domain allows people to find a specific
business or project. Web3 domains are NFTs names which represent a blockchain
address. These domains allow people and companies to use human-readable names
such as ‘Ledger.eth’ to label their long and complicated blockchain addresses.
For the Ethereum network, this service is provided by The Ethereum Name
Service ([ENS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-name-service-
ens)). Then for the Tezos network, you have [Tezos
Domains](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-tezos-domain), which offers
a similar service.

### 3\. Community Memberships

Not only do NFTs signal social “flex” similar to owning a luxury item, but
they also represent a bigger cause — you get access to a community by holding
the [NFT in your Ledger wallet](https://www.ledger.com/manage-your-nfts).

These communities provide gated access and exclusive channels to holders of
their NFTs. For instance, holding an NFT could give you access to courses or
conferences. Similarly, there are groups where NFTs gate access to their NFT
calls for trading calls. This is called token-gating.

In this case, NFTs act as a unique digital identity that unlocks access to the
community. This concept also extends to [decentralized social
media](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/decentralized-social-media-
why-and-how), where NFTs can unlock monetization opportunities and much more.

### 4\. Metaverse Property: Wearables, Land and More

Like an avatar, NFT-based properties or objects in the metaverse can also
serve as pieces of your digital identity. These objects can be virtual land
NFTs, accessories like clothing, weapons for avatars or even pets. You can
learn more about these properties and objects in our [Metaverse
glossary](https://www.ledger.com/academy/your-metaverse-glossary).

How does [Metaverse land](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-buy-land-in-
the-metaverse-2) contribute to your digital identity?

NFTs are tokenized assets bearing unique data, and this data is an essential
component of your unique identity within the metaverse, communicating with the
underlying infrastructure of the platform who you are and what rights you
have.

For instance, if you own a car in the metaverse, you might receive access to
bespoke races or invitations to particular groups. Here, your car is your
identifier — all your earnings would be tied to that specific NFT.

Ownership of a given token would also allow you to create rental agreements or
insurance policies for the object in question. Prime examples of this in
action include Sandbox LAND or houses, aircrafts and cars within Wilder World.

In short, ownership of metaverse objects via the blockchain bridges the gap
between real and virtual worlds. In short, it enables users to monetize their
virtual objects, or build further agreements on those objects. All of this is
thanks to your private key.

### 5\. Sensitive Information: Protecting Your Medical Records, Drivers
License & Degree

One of the best ways to streamline the ownership and distribution of personal
data such as medical records, drivers licenses, or degrees is through digital
identities.

For instance, say you must provide a clean bill of health for an insurance
claim. In this situation, the hospital or doctor would provide the necessary
information. This can be a long, cumbersome, and unnecessarily invasive
process.

Using digital identities for healthcare records can solve that. If your store
your healthcare data in an NFT’s metadata, a professional could verify your
current health status without seeing other confidential information. This way,
you can control the information you choose to share with the organization.

Similarly, your university could issue an NFT with your degree’s details. You
could use this NFT to prove ownership of your degree wherever you need it,
from job applications to residence permits. Associating degrees with a user’s
digital identity ensures that it can’t be lost, tampered with, or faked.

## How To Secure Your Digital Identity

Your digital identity is a digital version of your “physical identity.” And
just like your physical one, you should protect it from bad actors.

The most secure way to manage your digital identity is via blockchain. Here,
you’ll enjoy control and agency over your data via your [private
key](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key). If your private key
falls in the hands of a hacker, they could basically access your entire life,
so the biggest challenge lies in securing your private key from physical and
software attacks.

[Hardware wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet) like
Ledger devices are specifically designed to secure your private keys in an
offline environment, away from digital threats deployed via your internet
connection. Safeguarding your private keys, while making them easily
accessible to you as you transact in the digital space, enables you to control
your digital identity and be the master of your own data.

Owing your private keys equals owning your identity, and Ledger devices are
here to make that as secure and easy as possible.

## Knowledge is power

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/YT_THUMBNAILS_09-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/even-more-security)

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-identity
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Digital%20Identity%20in%20Blockchain%3A%20What%20Is%20It%20About%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-identity "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-digital-identity
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-
identity&title=Digital%20Identity%20in%20Blockchain%3A%20What%20Is%20It%20About%3F
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Staking: Your Different Options, and What They Mean
](https://www.ledger.com/?post_type=academy&p=255427 "Staking: Your Different
Options, and What They Mean")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-
currency-explained)

[Digital Assets Beyond
Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-
beyond-currency-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-tezos-domain)

[What Is a Tezos Domain and Do I Need
One?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-tezos-domain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-soulbound-token)

[What is a SoulBound
Token?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-soulbound-
token)

__Read

4 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-fashion-the-obvious-next-step)

[NFT Fashion: Perfect Match for Web3](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-
fashion-the-obvious-next-step)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-name-service-ens)

[What is Ethereum Name Service (ENS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
ethereum-name-service-ens)

__Read

5 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/whats-with-all-the-hype-about-crypto-
avatars)

[What’s With All the Hype About Crypto
Avatars?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/whats-with-all-the-hype-about-
crypto-avatars)

__Read

5 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=59a4ae44-33f4-4f64-bca1-8b27ee00155a&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=64175849-833c-4b0c-8231-5bccbeb2cd4b&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-
identity&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=59a4ae44-33f4-4f64-bca1-8b27ee00155a&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=64175849-833c-4b0c-8231-5bccbeb2cd4b&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-
identity&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=e080110b-c04e-400a-86e2-f74ade9d5481&sid=37c84f901cfd11efa1f995826d527525&vid=37c86ef01cfd11efb69a956cdf8c3b8d&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20is%20a%20Digital%20Identity%3A%20Explained%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-digital-identity&r=&lt=1833&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=341600)

