[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jbG91ZC93aHktaXMtYmluYW5jZS1jbG91ZC15b3VyLWJlc3QtY2hvaWNlLXRvLWNyZWF0ZS15b3VyLW93bi1jcnlwdG8tZXhjaGFuZ2UtMzYxMDgxNDE1ODI4ODg0MDM1Nj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jbG91ZC93aHktaXMtYmluYW5jZS1jbG91ZC15b3VyLWJlc3QtY2hvaWNlLXRvLWNyZWF0ZS15b3VyLW93bi1jcnlwdG8tZXhjaGFuZ2UtMzYxMDgxNDE1ODI4ODg0MDM1Nj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Why Is Binance Cloud Your Best Choice to Create Your Own Crypto Exchange?

2022-07-18

## Key Takeaways:

  1. Binance Cloud offers a one-stop infrastructure solution for local exchange businesses.

  2. Access to multiple liquidity pools and diverse exchange services.

  3. Designed to meet diverse regulatory requirements for markets globally.

  4. Advanced framework allowing rich customization.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220718/43c5ec63-c5de-4023-958d-46b6fb2c0dd7.png)

## Introduction

The crypto industry has been developing for the past 13 years, since Bitcoin’s
first genesis block was created. In these years, we have witnessed numerous
innovations and breakthroughs.

The industry has seen exponential growth in terms of
[blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-blockchain-
technology-a-comprehensive-guide-for-beginners) infrastructure and
applications, and exchange platforms continued to be a crucial part of it.
Crypto projects, communities, developers and all related stakeholders utilize
these exchanges for the final step of value realization. However, launching an
exchange can be challenging due to complex technical barriers and compliance
issues.

To help address these issues, we developed Binance Cloud, a comprehensive
exchange infrastructure solution to enable qualified entities to deploy and
launch a crypto exchange easily. It utilizes Binance’s industry-leading
technology and makes room for added flexibility. Binance Cloud deploys first-
class liquidity provision, robust regulatory compliance capacity, and battle-
tested system stability and reliability from
[Binance.com](http://binance.com), with room for customization. It provides
flexibility and deliverability through a B2B2C model that can help our
business partners run their business conveniently and efficiently.

In the past two years, Binance Cloud has attracted clients from all over the
world. Thanks to our engineers and product managers, it’s constantly evolving
on both the business and technical side. Binance Cloud provides more
innovative and appealing features to meet the market demands, as well as
specific business and customer needs.

## Architecture

To get access to a Binance Cloud-powered exchange, the local user can create
an account in that exchange via a web browser or iPhone/Android app. Next, the
user will be asked to verify their account (i.e., pass a
[KYC](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-kyc-know-your-
customer)/KYB process that meets local regulatory requirements). Once the
registration is completed, customers can deposit crypto assets from their
personal crypto wallets or fiat assets through different channels (if fiat is
allowed by local regulations). Afterward, the user will be able to enjoy the
exchange services and access the liquidity pools provided by Binance Cloud.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220718/98743189-e873-470a-87cb-d241895bca88.png)

## Effective Compliance Solutions

Operating an exchange requires rigorous compliance processes to meet
regulatory obligations. Many countries across the globe are beginning to roll
out regulatory frameworks to cover Web3 services and related crypto assets.
Binance Cloud offers the industry’s most advanced and customized compliance
solutions, including KYC, KYB, and AML. It renders the whole system
architecture more flexible and makes it easier for businesses and customers to
comply with local regulatory requirements. For on-chain and off-chain
screening, Binance Cloud integrates multiple industry-leading tools to perform
transaction monitoring and risk rating. Binance Cloud partners simply need to
work with local regulators to understand the requirements they must meet, and
then they can customize their platform as needed.

**Product architecture of KYC**

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220718/9a6c3e46-4241-435b-9c57-aa5501b539ae.png)

Binance Cloud has integrated with many global and local OCR providers to
verify users’ ID documents. We have partnered with many client screening tools
to check users’ risk ratings and provide tailored KYC/KYB flows for our
partners via KYC/KYB Transformer Engine (KTE). By using KTE, we are able to
deploy tailored KYC/KYB processes within weeks to launch our partners’
businesses. Moreover, we provide a risk engine to identify customers’ fraud
risk. This next-generation fraud detection tool can analyze users’ behavior,
device info, and historical behaviors consistent with local regulations.

As crypto continues to garner more and more popularity, the volume of hacks
and asset loss incidents has risen. Monitoring and validating on-chain and
off-chain transactions is our topmost priority. Our risk evaluation system
benefits from the Binance machine learning-powered risk control system, as
well as several sophisticated third-party vendors' solutions, which provide
the local compliance team with the ability to screen transactions and detect
potential issues. We strive to keep a balance between risk mitigation and user
experience whilst complying with local regulatory standards.

## Liquidity Pools and Exchange Services

As a one-stop-solution provider, Binance Cloud offers our partners a list of
comprehensive exchange services, as well as flexibility to assemble diverse
services to cater to their business demands. Our exchange services include:

### Order matching

  * Binance Cloud provides our own matching engine and isolated liquidity pool, which is flexible enough to list any trading pairs our partners need.

  * A Binance Cloud-powered site can also share liquidity with binance.com for the popular trading pairs in the regions where sharing liquidity is allowed by the local regulators. 

  * We can even offer customization on the order matching services. For example, in some regions we provide a broker-dealer model where users can not only take advantage of deep order books but are also able to execute against a local broker-dealer entity.

  * Both Spot and Perpetual Futures trading can be supported by Binance Cloud order matching exchange services.

### Convert services

Catering to the demand for a simple trading process, in some regions Binance
Cloud offers the Convert trading service, also known as One Click Buy Sell,
where we simply provide a buy and sell quote for clients to trade at. Behind
the scenes, we utilize our powerful quantitative service to aggregate the
prices from multiple liquidity providers, offering the best ask and bid price
to clients.

### Fiat deposit and withdrawal services

To bridge the gap between fiat and crypto, Binance Cloud can integrate local
banks or third-party fiat channels to perform deposits and withdrawals, and
support legal compliance in line with the local regulatory requirements.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220718/376aeef7-2fba-44bb-86bb-42cf30236719.png)

### More Flexibility With a Custom CMS

Binance Cloud provides a series of tools to improve user experience. A content
management system (CMS) helps customize the exchange's copywriting, pictures,
translations, themes, page layouts, etc. Customers can use the tools provided
within the CMS to easily post announcements as well to set up different themes
for the site.

If our customers need more control of the page layout, they can use the page
builder. Customers can choose components from a library and build web pages by
drag-and-drop. Along with the page builder, an online code editor is provided
to help the exchange operator customize business logic. Customers can also use
page-builder to post activities, make promotion pages, set Easter eggs, and
much more.

If there is a need for an even higher degree of customization, we provide an
open API and a Micro-Front-End (MFE) system to help the customer's team deploy
self-developed features to the exchange. With this feature, the customer's
team can develop bespoke features in any programming language, including JS,
PHP, Python, and Java.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220718/bf862531-42c5-4b1f-849d-456eae495929.png)

## Upcoming features

As the blockchain and Web3 industry keeps growing, Binance Cloud will explore
further into those areas to bring our clients to the new era. Our new products
may include staking features on POS tokens for clients to get considerable
rewards; NFT marketplace for users to list and trade NFTs; price and data
oracles for customers to fetch valuable information from off-chain on chain,
and much more. In sum, we will work hard to address the market demands and
enable our users to unleash their maximum potential through crypto, and
implement powerful yet easy-to-use features for our customers.

195,021,950 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Why Is Binance Cloud Your Best Choice to Create Your Own Crypto Exchange?

Key Takeaways:

Introduction

Architecture

Effective Compliance Solutions

Liquidity Pools and Exchange Services

Upcoming features

195,021,950 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

