Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

The Road to Devcon Grants support Ethereum education initiatives in and close
to Southeast Asia
![🦄](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f984.svg)
![🌏](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f30f.svg)
Learn more [here.(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation/devcon-
grants)

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Community](/en/community/)/
  3. [events](/en/community/events/)

Page last updated: May 15, 2024

On this page

  * Ethereum meetups

# Upcoming events

**Every month, there are major Ethereum events around the world.** Consider
attending one near you to meet more people in the community, learn about
employment opportunities, and develop new skills.

5/27/2024 - 5/30/2024🗓

Split,
Croatia![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### BlockSplit

Web3 Conference in the heart of the Mediterranean.

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://blocksplit.net)

5/28/2024 - 5/30/2024🗓

Lisbon,
PRT![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### Non Fungible Conference

NFC is an experimental Web3 event that brings the global NFT community
together

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://nonfungibleconference.com/)

5/29/2024 - 5/31/2024🗓

Austin, TX,
USA![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### Consensus2024

Consensus 2024 is your chance to be a part of important conversation in crypto
and Web3.

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://coindesk.com/consensus/)

5/31/2024 - 6/2/2024🗓

Prague,
CZ![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### ETHPrague

An event focused on the future of Ethereum and potential concepts or
applications that don't yet exist

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://ethprague.com)

5/31/2024 - 6/2/2024🗓

Dublin,
IRL![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### ETHDublin

ETHDublin brings together like-minded investors, builders and designers from
all over the world to solve industry problems, harnessing the power of Web3

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://ethdublin.io)

6/1/2024 - 6/9/2024🗓

Belgrade,
SRB![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### Belgrade Blockchain Week

Belgrade Blockchain Week is a week-long in-person gathering of the greatest
Web3 minds and professionals. It features independent events organized by top-
tier companies and communities throughout the week.

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://belgradeblockchainweek.com/)

6/1/2024🗓

Kyiv,
UKR![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### ETHKyiv

Through Hackathon, Conference, side events, discussions, collaborations, and
vast networking, we aim to further establish Kyiv as an innovation and
infrastructure development leader

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://ethkyiv.org)

6/3/2024 - 6/5/2024🗓

Belgrade,
Serbia![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### ETH Belgrade

ETH Belgrade is a playground for exploring Ethereum possibilities. As part of
Belgrade Blockchain Week, this three-day conference gathers extraordinary
minds and Ethereum enthusiasts to share knowledge and spark ideas that will
ignite the whole ecosystem.

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://ethbelgrade.rs/)

7/8/2024 - 7/11/2024🗓

Brussels,
Belgium![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### EthCC

The Ethereum Community Conference (EthCC) is the largest annual European
Ethereum event focused on technology and community. Four intense days of
conferences, networking and learning.

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://ethcc.io)

7/11/2024🗓

Brussels,
Belgium![📍](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cd.svg)

### Pragma Brussels

Pragma is a one-day, single-track, in-person summit hosted by ETHGlobal. With
a focus on intimacy, Pragma serves as a hub for high-quality talks and as a
forum of discussion for builders and leaders from Ethereum ecosystem and
beyond.

[View Event(opens in a new tab)](https://ethglobal.com/events/pragma-brussels)

Load more

This is a non-exhaustive list maintained by our community. Know of an upcoming
Ethereum event to add to this list? [Please add it(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/blob/dev/src/data/community-events.json)!

## Ethereum meetups

Don't see an event that works for you? Try joining a meetup. Meetups are
smaller events held by groups of Ethereum enthusiasts - a chance for people
interested in Ethereum to get together, talk about Ethereum, and learn about
recent developments.

results update as you type

  * 1

[Ethereum Buenos Aires(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-
ba/)

![🇦🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1f7.svg)

Buenos Aires

  * 2

[Bokky's Ethereum Workshop(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/BokkyPooBahs-Ethereum-Workshop/)

![🇦🇺](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1fa.svg)

Sydney

  * 3

[ETHSydney(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethsydney/)

![🇦🇺](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1fa.svg)

Sydney

  * 4

[Web3 Sydney(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3sydney/)

![🇦🇺](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1fa.svg)

Sydney

  * 5

[Ethereum Vienna(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-Vienna/)

![🇦🇹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1f9.svg)

Vienna

  * 6

[Crypto Wednesdays(opens in a new tab)](https://dao.brussels/)

![🇧🇪](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e7-1f1ea.svg)

Brussels

  * 7

[Ethereum Developers São Paulo(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-Developers-Sao-Paulo/)

![🇧🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e7-1f1f7.svg)

São Paulo

  * 8

[Calgary NFT (Non-fungible Tokens) Meetup Group(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/calgary-nft-non-fungible-tokens-meetup-group/)

![🇨🇦](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1e6.svg)

Calgary

  * 9

[Ethereum Edmonton Meetup(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-edmonton-meetup/)

![🇨🇦](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1e6.svg)

Edmonton

  * 10

[Ethereum Developers(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-
Developers/)

![🇨🇦](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1e6.svg)

Toronto

  * 11

[Ethereum Vancouver(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethvancouver-
meetup-group/)

![🇨🇦](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1e6.svg)

Vancouver

  * 12

[CryptoCanal(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cryptocanal.org/agenda)

![🇨🇭](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1ed.svg)

Zurich

  * 13

[ETH Nanjing(opens in a new tab)](https://lu.ma/ETHNanJing)

![🇨🇳](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f3.svg)

Nanjing

  * 14

[Ethereum Bogota(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-bogota)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 15

[Ethereum Eje Cafetero(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-
eje-cafetero)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 16

[Ethereum Medellin(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-
medellin)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 17

[Ethereum Caribe(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-caribe)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 18

[Ethereum Cali(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereumcali)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 19

[Ethereum Arauca(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-arauca)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 20

[Hash House Medellín(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/hash-house-
medellin/)

![🇨🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f4.svg)

Colombia

  * 21

[Ethereum Costa Rica(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/EthereumCR)

![🇨🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1f7.svg)

Costa Rica

  * 22

[BeerFi Prague - Web3 on-chain dev Meetup(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3-on-chain-dev-meetup-group/)

![🇨🇿](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1ff.svg)

Prague

  * 23

[Berlin Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Berlin-
Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇩🇪](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e9-1f1ea.svg)

Berlin

  * 24

[Ethereum and Web3 Copenhagen(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/copenhagen-ethereum-meetup/)

![🇩🇰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e9-1f1f0.svg)

Copenhagen

  * 25

[Ethereum Ecuador(opens in a new tab)](https://www.eventbrite.com/o/ethereum-
ecuador-64512134823)

![🇪🇨](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ea-1f1e8.svg)

Ecuador

  * 26

[Web3 Family(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3family/)

![🇪🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ea-1f1f8.svg)

Barcelona

  * 27

[BCN Ethereum Dev(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereumbcn)

![🇪🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ea-1f1f8.svg)

Barcelona

  * 28

[Ethereum Spain(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-Spain/)

![🇪🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ea-1f1f8.svg)

Madrid

  * 29

[Ethereum Madrid(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum-madrid/)

![🇪🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ea-1f1f8.svg)

Madrid

  * 30

[Web3Dubai(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3dubai/)

![🇦🇪](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1ea.svg)

Dubai

  * 31

[DeFi Dubai(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/defi-dubai/)

![🇦🇪](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e6-1f1ea.svg)

Dubai

  * 32

[Ethereum-France(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/fr-FR/ethereum-
france/)

![🇫🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1eb-1f1f7.svg)

France

  * 33

[Ethereum Paris(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-Paris/)

![🇫🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1eb-1f1f7.svg)

Paris

  * 34

[Brighton Blockchain(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/brighton-
blockchain/)

![🇬🇧](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ec-1f1e7.svg)

Brighton and Hove

  * 35

[Ethereum London(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethereum/)

![🇬🇧](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ec-1f1e7.svg)

London

  * 36

[ETHAnglia(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ethanglia.org/)

![🇬🇧](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ec-1f1e7.svg)

Norwich

  * 37

[ETHTbilisi(opens in a new tab)](https://lu.ma/ETHTbilisi)

![🇬🇪](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ec-1f1ea.svg)

Georgia

  * 38

[BUIDL Tegucigalpa(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/buidl-
tegucigalpa/)

![🇭🇳](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ed-1f1f3.svg)

Tegucigalpa

  * 39

[852dev.xyz(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/852devxyz)

![🇭🇰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ed-1f1f0.svg)

Hong Kong

  * 40

[Ethereum Hong Kong(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-Hong-
Kong/)

![🇭🇰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ed-1f1f0.svg)

Hong Kong

  * 41

[Ethereum Jakarta(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-jkt.github.io/)

![🇮🇩](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ee-1f1e9.svg)

Jakarta

  * 42

[Web3Mi(opens in a new tab)](https://www.eventbrite.it/o/web3mi-52766466683)

![🇮🇹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ee-1f1f9.svg)

Milan

  * 43

[Italian Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/it-
IT/Italian-Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇮🇹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ee-1f1f9.svg)

Milan

  * 44

[NapulETH Meetup(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.eventbrite.it/e/863744451907/)

![🇮🇹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ee-1f1f9.svg)

Naples

  * 45

[Ethereum Italia Hub (Telegram Group)(opens in a new
tab)](https://t.me/ethereumitalia)

![🇮🇹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ee-1f1f9.svg)

Remote

  * 46

[Ethereum Venezia Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/VMzVjCHN8k)

![🇮🇹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ee-1f1f9.svg)

Venice

  * 47

[Ethereum Japan(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereumjapan.connpass.com/)

![🇯🇵](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ef-1f1f5.svg)

Multiple locations

  * 48

[Jeju Blockchain Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Jeju-
Blockchain-Meetup)

![🇰🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f0-1f1f7.svg)

Jeju

  * 49

[Seoul Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Seoul-
Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇰🇷](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f0-1f1f7.svg)

Seoul

  * 50

[Ethereum Malaysia(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ETHMALAYSIA/)

![🇲🇾](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f2-1f1fe.svg)

Kuala Lumpur

  * 51

[Ethereum DEV NL(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-DEV-NL/)

![🇳🇱](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f3-1f1f1.svg)

Amsterdam

  * 52

[Lagos Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Lagos-
Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇳🇬](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f3-1f1ec.svg)

Lagos

  * 53

[CryptoCanal(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cryptocanal.org/agenda)

![🇳🇱](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f3-1f1f1.svg)

Amsterdam

  * 54

[ETH Warsaw(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethwarsaw-meetup/)

![🇵🇱](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f5-1f1f1.svg)

Warsaw

  * 55

[Web3 Timisoara(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3-timisoara/)

![🇷🇴](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f7-1f1f4.svg)

Timisoara

  * 56

[Ethereum Singapore(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-
Singapore/)

![🇸🇬](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f8-1f1ec.svg)

Singapore

  * 57

[Cape Town Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Cape-
Town-Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇿🇦](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ff-1f1e6.svg)

Cape Town

  * 58

[Matos Cryptobar(opens in a new tab)](https://matos.club/)

![🇸🇪](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f8-1f1ea.svg)

Stockholm

  * 59

[Geneva DevChain(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/devchain-geneva/)

![🇨🇭](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1e8-1f1ed.svg)

Geneva

  * 60

[Taipei Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/taipei-
ethereum-meetup/)

![🇹🇼](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f9-1f1fc.svg)

Taipei

  * 61

[Chiang Mai Dapps(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.facebook.com/groups/219236462407862/)

![🇹🇭](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f9-1f1ed.svg)

Chiang Mai

  * 62

[Web3 London(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3london/)

![🇬🇧](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1ec-1f1e7.svg)

London

  * 63

[DC Onchain(opens in a new tab)](https://dc-onchain.com/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Arlington, Virginia

  * 64

[Austin Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Austin-
Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Austin

  * 65

[Chicago Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Chicago-
Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Chicago

  * 66

[Ethereum Columbus(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/eth-columbus/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Columbus

  * 67

[Ethereum Denver(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-Denver/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Denver

  * 68

[Ethereum Los Angeles(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Ethereum-
Los-Angeles/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Los Angeles

  * 69

[Ethereum Community NYC(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ConsenSys-
Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

New York City

  * 70

[NYC Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/NYC_Ethereum/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

New York City

  * 71

[Blockchain Wall Street Tech(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/blockchain-wallstreet-tech/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

New York City

  * 72

[Web3.NE(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/web3-ne/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Omaha

  * 73

[EthPDX(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/ethpdx/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Portland

  * 74

[Silicon Valley Ethereum Meetup(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/SF-Ethereum-Developers/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

SF / Bay Area

  * 75

[SF Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/SF_Ethereum/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

SF / Bay Area

  * 76

[Chainlink San Francisco(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Chainlink-San-Francisco/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

SF / Bay Area

  * 77

[SF Ethereum Developers(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/SF-
Ethereum-Developers/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

SF/ Bay Area

  * 78

[Blockchain and Brews (San Diego)(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Blockchain-and-Brews/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

San Diego

  * 79

[ETH SD(opens in a new tab)](https://withkoji.com/@ethsd)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

San Diego

  * 80

[CryptoSD(opens in a new tab)](http://cryptosandiego.org)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

San Diego

  * 81

[Seattle(opens in a new tab)](https://www.meetup.com/Seattle-Ethereum-Meetup/)

![🇺🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1f8.svg)

Seattle

  * 82

[ETH Belgrade Community(opens in a new tab)](https://ethbelgrade.rs/community)

![🇷🇸](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1f7-1f1f8.svg)

Belgrade

  * 83

[Kyiv Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://kyivethereum.com/)

![🇺🇦](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f1fa-1f1e6.svg)

Ukraine

Interested in starting your own meetup? Check out the [BUIDL Network(opens in
a new tab)](https://consensys.net/developers/buidlnetwork/), an initiative by
ConsenSys to help support Ethereum’s meetup communities.

This is a non-exhaustive list built by our community. You can [find more
Ethereum meetups here(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.meetup.com/topics/ethereum/). Know of an active meetup group
to add to this list? [Please add it(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/blob/dev/src/data/community-meetups.json)!

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * On this page

    * Ethereum meetups

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

