[![ME
logo](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnext.cdn.magiceden.dev%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Flogo_2.8aa56045.png&w=128&q=75)![sticky
brand-
logo](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/logo_full_2.0e53796e.svg)](/)

CollectionsRunes

[Discover](/popular-collections)

[Mint](/launchpad)

Connect Wallet

Connect Wallet

# Welcome to Magic Eden

## Your destination for discovery, expression, and ownership across digital
cultures

[Explore marketplace](/)[Apply for
Launchpad](https://airtable.com/shrzLz2c3JAyAVorA)

22,000,000+unique monthly visitors

8,000+collections

70+people

100,000+daily wallet connections

$1.9 billionsecondary trading volume

## Magic Eden's Story

After four friends discovered NFTs and its tremendous potential, Magic Eden
was born. With backgrounds across crypto, DeFi, consumer internet companies
and management consulting, they identified gaps in existing NFT marketplaces
and created something new.

![](https://bafybeif4hxe2fvcd5nn2imj6tbs77oieqweklq3hpnrjzarcncqcv74swi.ipfs.nftstorage.link)Sidney
ZhangChief Technology Officer

![](https://bafybeiecyh7r5y5giiqnf7gb2sdjup4ipbkwseeryvxyoiab2qanff2wfi.ipfs.nftstorage.link)Jack
LuChief Executive Officer

![](https://bafybeiel7rme4vvd32ji7o5ecchugc7nyzbfbtsutxpwlq4x4dhbevwasq.ipfs.nftstorage.link)Zhuoxun
YinChief Operating Officer

![](https://bafybeiduvyzfrpk34zo5z3n3vm2vtpq6thkgl22nio2aey2jujg5ingzhm.ipfs.nftstorage.link)Zhuojie
ZhouChief Engineer

[@sidazhang](https://twitter.com/sidazhang)

Sidney started in crypto with his first crypto company working on the Bitcoin
Developer API in 2013. He joined Uber in 2015 as one of the Founding Engineers
at Uber Eats, where he worked on Uber Eats from zero till it hit the moon.
Sidney subsequently spent a few years at Uber Advanced Technologies Group
working on self-driving production modeling and research. focusing on computer
vision and prediction. He lastly joined Facebook’s AI team before co-founding
Magic Eden.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnext.cdn.magiceden.dev%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fabout-
name-
part-1.d32e4bfb.png&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fnext.cdn.magiceden.dev%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fabout-
name-
part-2.3ec63231.png&w=3840&q=75)![](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/hover-
to-reveal.2357b7f8.svg)

## The Story Behind Our Name

Jack came up with the name Magic Eden which represents a sense of limitless
possibility. NFTs are the future of art and culture. And, we consider
ourselves stewards of the NFT space. We’ve built the most liquid secondary
marketplace and we are the first marketplace to implement bidding, rarity
index, and a dedicated minting platform that automatically connects to our
secondary marketplace. We’re just getting started.

![](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/hover-to-reveal-
arrow.1db4a680.svg)

## Services

### Core secondary marketplace

We offer creators the greatest liquidity, holding over 90% market share for
secondary trading volume on certain Blockchains and majority share on others.

[Apply for Listing](https://creators.magiceden.io/dashboard)

### Launchpad

Launchpad is our exclusive minting platform. We accept 3% of all Launchpad
applications and feature only the best projects.

  * The greatest exposure and widest reach on Web 3
  * The greatest potential for secondary trading volume post-mint
  * A hassle-free mint with dedicated development support

[Learn more](/launchpad)

### Partnerships

Join global brands and leaders, and drop your NFT collections with us! From
white-glove partnerships to something completely new, we want to hear your
bright ideas.

[Get in
Touch](https://form.asana.com/?k=UrqLNsAAKLGUoyp_yO58UQ&d=1201548672850509)

## We are supported by the top firms who care about  crypto  and  web3

![paradigm](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/paradigm.d2b81331.svg)

![sequoia](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/sequoia.39208c14.svg)

![electricCapital](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/electric-
capital.38b497e3.svg)

![variant](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/variant.f88b1902.svg)

![kindred](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/kindred.90e964ab.svg)

![greylock](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/greylock.9690a317.svg)

![coinbaseVentures](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/coinbase.b9b698e5.svg)

![solanaVentures](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/solana-
ventures.b3040b43.svg)

![lightspeed](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/lightspeed.c9cf6c5a.svg)

## Get in Touch

#### Support

Need assistance? Want to find out more about Magic Eden? Visit our [help
desk](https://help.magiceden.io/en)!

#### Press

Want to feature Magic Eden? Looking for the Magic Eden logo? Feel free to
[reach out to us](mailto:press@magiceden.io)!

[Download ME
logo](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1LtIa_VFn7CVtygYKYTKRyIh4q9BwiFLq)

#### Careers

We're hiring. Lunatics only. Join our team! [Apply
here.](https://careers.magiceden.io)

![](https://next.cdn.magiceden.dev/_next/static/media/metaverse.d250441d.svg)

