[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2hvdy10by1tYWtlLXlvdXItYml0Y29pbi13b3JrLWZvci15b3Utd2l0aC1iaW5hbmNlLWVhcm4tMzAxNDM1OTIxMzEwOTM0MjM5MD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2hvdy10by1tYWtlLXlvdXItYml0Y29pbi13b3JrLWZvci15b3Utd2l0aC1iaW5hbmNlLWVhcm4tMzAxNDM1OTIxMzEwOTM0MjM5MD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How to Make Your Bitcoin Work for You With Binance Earn

2024-03-07

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Earn is a simple and secure platform that helps you grow your crypto holdings easily.

  * Among its suite of products and services, the Simple Earn and Dual Investment subscriptions allow you to receive rewards on your holdings.

  * Gear up for the upcoming Bitcoin halving with the convenience and efficiency of Binance Earn. To commemorate the event, we will be launching two promotional campaigns, so don’t miss your chance at exclusive BTC rewards!

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240307/fcd59d10-0928-48fb-81f6-d754754da436)

_Products and services mentioned here may not be available in your region._

If you’re looking for hassle-free ways to grow your digital assets, [_Binance
Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/earn) might be the ideal platform to help
you do so. With a suite of products and services on hand, the platform helps
you grow your crypto holdings easily. Gear up for the upcoming Bitcoin halving
through the convenience of Binance Earn and stand a chance at receiving
exclusive BTC rewards! Read on for more details.

## Simple Earn Flexible Products: Principal Protected

Are you holding digital assets such as BTC, BNB, FDUSD or USDT? If so,
consider maximizing your crypto's potential by subscribing these assets to
Binance's [_Simple Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/put-your-
hodled-crypto-to-work-with-binance-simple-earn-6295561391839829929) Flexible
Products. By doing so, you can earn Real-Time APR rewards. You’re also free to
redeem your funds at any time, subject to certain daily limits.

The Binance Earn platform charges zero fees. Rewards based on Real-Time APR
and Bonus Tiered APR (if available) accrue directly into your Earn Wallet
every minute. For selected tokens, Bonus Tiered APR rewards are distributed to
your Spot Wallet daily.

Please be aware that, while the principal is protected in terms of the token
amount, cryptocurrency prices can be extremely volatile and thus carry
inherent market risks.

### **For new Simple Earn users: Get up to $200 in BTC Rewards with Flexible
Products**

Mark your calendar for our latest promotion, which will be active from
**2024-03-14 00:00 (UTC)** to**2024-04-14 23:59 (UTC)**. During this period,
new Binance Earn users who confirm their participation and subscribe at least
0.01 BTC to [_Simple Earn Flexible
Products_](https://www.binance.com/en/earn/simple-earn?asset=BTC) will enjoy
both Bonus Tiered APR and Real-Time APR rewards. Additionally, they’ll stand a
chance at earning up to $200 in BTC token vouchers! This promotion is the
perfect opportunity to dive into Binance Simple Earn Flexible Products and
start earning more.

_This promotion is open to new users who have never subscribed to Simple Earn
Flexible Products before 2024-03-14 00:00 (UTC)._

[_Confirm Participation and Check Campaign Details
Here_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/47ee685eb86c4c1c8e585dc256d72f95)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240307/cec74939-16d3-4a66-8c96-c05240309d77)

##  Dual Investment: Customized High-Yield Crypto Investments

Binance Earn’s Dual Investment product simplifies the process of buying and
selling at your preferred future price and date for a variety of
cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH, BNB, and more. Automatically augment
your positions through our "Buy Low" or "Sell High" options.

Sell High helps secure profits by selling assets at a higher level than
current prices, while Buy Low lets you purchase cryptocurrencies at a
potential dip. These subscriptions also provide the option to compound
earnings and roll over your positions with the [_Auto-Compound
feature_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/exploring-dual-investments-new-
autocompound-feature-3479458420673452953) , enabling the automatic re-
subscription of your Dual Investment plan on each settlement date.

### **Subscribe to BTC Dual Investment products and share $9,000 in BTC token
vouchers**

Users who subscribe to any BTC Dual Investment product and achieve a net
subscription exceeding 10,000 USDT or an equivalent amount can enter this
promotion to stand a chance at getting a share of $9,000 in BTC token
vouchers! Eligible users who rank among the top 10 will each get $300 in BTC
token vouchers. This promotion will run from **2024-03-14 00:00 (UTC)**
to**2024-04-14 23:59 (UTC)**.

[_Join the Campaign and Check Details
Here_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/4cfce337c3ec49189b040aee011e330e)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240307/cc9cb60c-e5e2-45e5-834f-40c865470ebc)

##  Grow Your Crypto Today

Binance Earn empowers you to unlock the earning potential of your digital
assets. Rather than simply sitting idly in your wallet, you can use your
cryptocurrencies as tools for further growth. As we approach the next Bitcoin
halving, set for April 2024, don’t miss the opportunity to gear up with
Binance Earn and participate in these exclusive promotional campaigns. Harness
the power of Binance Earn today, and let your crypto do the work for you!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Introduction to Binance Simple Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/introduction-to-binance-simple-earn-8df6abf5930e4ef4977d84f45d99d491)

  * [ _What is Binance Dual Investment_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-binance-dual-investment-09911be9f5754c34806bd3ab4a427e0e)

  * [ _Halving Horizons: A Bitcoin Odyssey_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/halving-horizons-a-bitcoin-odyssey-7934432690785041221)

 _**Disclaimer:**__Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested.
You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses you may incur. Simple Earn Locked Products will return
the digital assets to users’ spot accounts after the agreed period ends or
upon early redemption. Binance does not guarantee that you will receive any
specific reward over time. APR is an estimate of rewards you will earn in
cryptocurrency over the selected timeframe. It does not display the actual or
predicted returns/yield in any fiat currency. APR is adjusted daily, and the
estimated rewards may differ from the actual rewards generated. For Dual
Investment, you may be better off holding your cryptocurrency and may be
required to trade at a rate less favorable than the market rate on the
Settlement Date. Not financial advice. For more information, see our_[ __Terms
of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,011,583 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How to Make Your Bitcoin Work for You With Binance Earn

Main Takeaways

Simple Earn Flexible Products: Principal Protected

Dual Investment: Customized High-Yield Crypto Investments

Grow Your Crypto Today

Further Reading

195,011,583 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

