[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

Program

V.0.013

Free to play trading card game

Welcome to Parallel

Parallel is a sci-fi based competitive card game where players build decks and
face off, bank energy, and build armies to decide the fate of humanity

[Play Now](/download)

Parallel

//

Game Features

Whether you're a TCG veteran or a new player to the genre, Parallel is built
for you.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_1.png)

Free To Play

Players can play and earn cards with no purchase necessary. Participate in
weekly and monthly giveaways every season.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_2.png)

Bank Cards For Energy

Players strategically choose which cards to bank each turn, gaining energy
that allows them to play units, relics, effects, and upgrades. Choosing what
card to bank and what card to play is critical, as the right combination can
create a powerful winning strategy.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_3.png)

Paragons & Factions

Parallel has 5 unique factions with 15 game changing leaders (Paragons) each
with their own active/passive abilities helping you craft a unique play style.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_4.png)

Play At Your Pace

Parallel has different game modes for all types of players. Beginners and
casual players can enjoy modes like unranked, AI, and rookie. Competitive
players can participate in the Ranked Ladder and Tournament Modes to earn
exclusive rewards and prizes.

Parallel TCG

How To Play

Learn how to play Parallel, a free to play digital trading card game, guided
by Alliestrasza.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/how_to_play_preview.png)

What's happening at Parallel

Follow us to stay up to date on all things Parallel

[See Blog posts](/blog)[Follow on Twitter](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)

Collections

[Avatars](/avatars/landing)[Cards](/cards)[Comics](/comics)[Redeemables](/redeemables)[Terminals](/terminals)[Payload](/payload)[Payload
Vault](/payload/withdraw)[Starter Decks](/starter-deck/kathari)

Parallel

[About Parallel tcg](/game)[Play Parallel](/play)[Game Manual](/game-
manual)[Colony
Paper](https://paper.parallel.life/colony_paper_v1.pdf)[Sanctuary
Marketplace](https://www.sanctuary.online/marketplace)

Discover

[Universe](/universe)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](/faq)

Labs

[Colony](/colony/signup)[ParaSets](https://parasets.parallel.life/)

Join our community

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/parallel_tcg/)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)//[Terms of Use](/terms-of-use)

© COPYRIGHT ⁨2024⁩ PARALLEL STUDIOS

01

10

Game Features

Whether you're a TCG veteran or a new player to the genre, Parallel is built
for you.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_1.png)

Free To Play

Players can play and earn cards with no purchase necessary. Participate in
weekly and monthly giveaways every season.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_2.png)

Bank Cards For Energy

Players strategically choose which cards to bank each turn, gaining energy
that allows them to play units, relics, effects, and upgrades. Choosing what
card to bank and what card to play is critical, as the right combination can
create a powerful winning strategy.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_3.png)

Paragons & Factions

Parallel has 5 unique factions with 15 game changing leaders (Paragons) each
with their own active/passive abilities helping you craft a unique play style.

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/home_game_features_4.png)

Play At Your Pace

Parallel has different game modes for all types of players. Beginners and
casual players can enjoy modes like unranked, AI, and rookie. Competitive
players can participate in the Ranked Ladder and Tournament Modes to earn
exclusive rewards and prizes.

Parallel TCG

How To Play

![game-features](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/home-page/how_to_play_preview.png)

Learn how to play Parallel, a free to play digital trading card game, guided
by Alliestrasza.

What's happening at Parallel

Follow us to stay up to date on all things Parallel

[See Blog posts](/blog)[Follow on Twitter](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)

Collections

[Avatars](/avatars/landing)[Cards](/cards)[Comics](/comics)[Redeemables](/redeemables)[Terminals](/terminals)[Payload](/payload)[Payload
Vault](/payload/withdraw)[Starter Decks](/starter-deck/kathari)

Parallel

[About Parallel TCG](/game)[Play Parallel](/play)[Game Manual](/game-
manual)[Colony
Paper](https://paper.parallel.life/colony_paper_v1.pdf)[Sanctuary
Marketplace](https://www.sanctuary.online/marketplace)

Discover

[Universe](/universe)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](/faq)

Labs

[Colony](/colony/signup)[Parasets](https://parasets.parallel.life/)

Join our community

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/parallel_tcg/)

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)//[Terms of Use](/terms-of-use)

© Copyright 2024 Parallel Studios

