[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# Stop the Chain! CosmWasm Stack Overflow

![Felix Wilhelm](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/02/image
--202-.jpg)

###### Felix Wilhelm

[Security](/writing/security/)

Jun 01 2023 _ 1 min read

![Stop the Chain! CosmWasm Stack Overflow](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/blog_cosmwasm_security.png)

This post announces a vulnerability we discovered in
[CosmWasm](https://github.com/CosmWasm/cosmwasm?ref=jumpcrypto.com), a smart
contract platform written for the Cosmos ecosystem. The vulnerability was a
stack overflow, which would have allowed users who can upload new smart
contracts on Cosmos-based blockchains to halt those chains fully.

_Jump Crypto aims to boost security assurance across the crypto ecosystem
through ongoing research and coordinated disclosure to identify and patch
vulnerabilities across various projects. This announcement is yet another
example of how we continue these efforts._

**You can find more details about this vulnerability in our[markdown
advisory](https://github.com/JumpCrypto/security-
research/blob/master/advisories/2023-003-cosmwasm.md?ref=jumpcrypto.com) or
the [CosmWasm
Advisory](https://github.com/CosmWasm/advisories/blob/main/CWAs/CWA-2023-002.md?ref=jumpcrypto.com).**

We would like to thank the CosmWasm contributors and the downstream-affected
Cosmos L1s for their professional handling of this issue and quick adoption of
the patch. Thanks to their partnership, this bug was addressed without any
user impact.

Share

![](/static/subscribe2-825809a798c6960f978785c6581f4afb.svg)

#### Stay up to date with the latest from Jump_

​

.Subscribe

#### More articles

![SAFU: Creating a Standard for Whitehats](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2022/10/Standards-for-Whitehats-Thread---
blog.png)SAFU: Creating a Standard for WhitehatsWhitehats and DeFi protocols
need a shared understanding of security policy. We propose the SAFU - Simple
Arrangement for Funding Upload - as a versatile and credible way to let
whitehats know what to...](/writing/safu-creating-a-standard-for-whitehats/)

Oct 24 2022 _ 17 min

Share

[![Huckleberry: IBC Event Hallucinations](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/09/New-Blog-Post.png)Huckleberry: IBC Event
HallucinationsThis blog post describes a vulnerability in ibc-go, the
reference implementation of the Interblockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)
used by most Cosmos blockchains](/writing/huckleberry-ibc-event-
hallucinations/)

Sep 06 2023 _ 4 min

Share

[![Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption
Potential](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---
Mapping-Markets_-Evaluating-Blockchain-s-Mass-Adoption-Potential.png)Mapping
Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption PotentialIn this post, we
propose a geographically-oriented framework, which we call “Pueyo Maps”
(inspired by Tomas Pueyo’s geo-history), as a way of evaluating the long-term
suitability of blockchain-based s...](/writing/mapping-markets-blockchain-
mass-adoption-potential/)

Jun 05 2023 _ 20 min

Share

Disclaimer

The information on this website and on the Brick by Brick podcast or Ship Show
Twitter spaces is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment
purposes only.  This information is not intended to be and does not constitute
financial advice, investment advice, trading advice, or any other type of
advice.  You should not make any decision – financial, investment, trading or
otherwise – based on any of the information presented here without undertaking
your own due diligence and consulting with a financial adviser.  Trading,
including that of digital assets or cryptocurrency, has potential rewards as
well as potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all
individuals. Recordings of podcast episodes or Twitter spaces events may be
used in the future.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

