[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL3BsYXlpbmctYnktdGhlLXJ1bGVzLWFuLW92ZXJ2aWV3LW9mLWJpbmFuY2VzLWNvbXBsaWFuY2UtcHJvZ3JhbS03Nzg3NTk5MjY5MzU1OTQ3MTQzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL3BsYXlpbmctYnktdGhlLXJ1bGVzLWFuLW92ZXJ2aWV3LW9mLWJpbmFuY2VzLWNvbXBsaWFuY2UtcHJvZ3JhbS03Nzg3NTk5MjY5MzU1OTQ3MTQzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Playing by the Rules: An Overview of Binance’s Compliance Program

2023-06-29

[Playing by the Rules](/blog/tag/playing-by-the-rules-45)

## Main Takeaways

  * In the second issue of our _Playing by the Rules_ series, we look at the structure of the Binance Compliance team, as well as the lines of work that each of its subdivisions handles.

  * The Binance Compliance team consists of professionals with diverse backgrounds, including former law enforcement officers, regulators, crypto, fintech, and traditional banking compliance experts. The company makes substantial investments in technology and strategic partnerships to enhance its compliance capabilities.

  * Binance has established specialized departments within its compliance team to address various areas such as financial crimes, global money laundering reporting, sanctions, corporate compliance, customer due diligence, high-risk clients, and transaction monitoring, ensuring a robust and proactive approach to regulatory compliance.

  * As the world's leading digital asset ecosystem, Binance has access to the largest datasets of transactions that, when combined with the data from our blockchain analytics partners, help us arrive at the most comprehensive mapping and identification of potentially illicit activities in the crypto industry. This data helps us protect our users from falling victim to financial crime.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230629/bb7f7a2b-be85-4b26-988d-634a8d4ba507)

Recognizing the central role of compliance in protecting users and driving the
adoption of digital assets, Binance maintains a comprehensive and well-rounded
compliance program that addresses the most pressing concerns in the crypto
industry. In recent years, Binance has significantly expanded its compliance
team and has been continuously investing in technology and specialized
capabilities to address evolving challenges in the industry.

Today, the Binance Compliance team operates with a structure that is similar
to such teams that one may find in other large global financial institutions.
What sets Binance apart is the unique experience and expertise that its team
members bring to their positions, along with their close collaboration with
Binance’s product and technology teams to effectively manage risk. The
Compliance team brings together specialists with diverse backgrounds,
including former law enforcement officers, regulators, crypto and fintech
compliance experts, and traditional banking compliance professionals.

## Department Structure

The compliance team at Binance is divided into specialized departments, each
responsible for specific functions and areas of expertise. These departments
include Financial Crimes, Global Money Laundering Reporting Officer (GMLRO),
Sanctions/ABC/CTF, Corporate Compliance, Customer Due Diligence, High-Risk
Clients, and Transaction Monitoring.

### Financial Crimes Compliance

The Financial Crimes Compliance team is a crucial component of Binance's
compliance program. This team serves as the proactive investigation frontline
against illicit activity on the platform. By actively combating financial
crimes such as money laundering, fraud, and terrorist financing, they
contribute to safeguarding Binance and its users from a wide range of
potential risks.

Within the Financial Crimes team, there are various specialized roles that
work together to effectively identify, investigate, and report potential
instances of financial misconduct. These roles include investigators, a
dedicated unit responsible for handling suspicious activity reports, a global
training group, and a law enforcement response team that deals with
approximately 1,300 requests each week. Binance employs several teams that
regularly engage with law enforcement agencies and officials, which are
collectively staffed with over 70 members.

From January to November 2023, Binance processed around 53,000 law enforcement
requests, serving nearly 13,000 registered law enforcement officers worldwide
through its Government Law Enforcement Request System. This is in addition to
over 50,000 requests that Binance processed in 2022.

A dedicated Law Enforcement Training Team, supported by the Investigations
Team, regularly organizes training sessions where Binance’s experts share
their experience in preventing and investigating cybercrime with law
enforcement officials around the globe. In 2023, they delivered 120 onsite or
online trainings and workshops globally.

### Global Money Laundering Reporting

The team of the Global Money Laundering Reporting Officer (GMLRO) plays a
critical role in ensuring compliance with global anti-money laundering (AML)
regulations. This team consists of four regional leads and over 60
professionals who work diligently to detect, monitor, and prevent potential
money laundering-related activity. They collaborate closely with local
Financial Intelligence Units, regulators, and law enforcement agencies,
reporting and assisting in the investigation of suspicious actors and
transactions. Additionally, the GMLRO team closely monitors the evolving
regulatory landscape to ensure Binance's full compliance with applicable laws
and regulations.

### Sanctions/ABC/CTF

The Sanctions,  Anti-Bribery & Corruption (ABC), and Counter-Terrorist
Financing (CTF) team within the compliance department is responsible for
establishing and maintaining policies and controls to mitigate risks
associated with violations of applicable sanctions, Anti-Bribery and
Corruption laws, and Counter-Terrorist Financing measures. This team
continuously monitors changes in legislation related to its areas of
expertise, incorporating any prohibitions into Binance policies and
procedures. By doing so, they define the organization's acceptable risk levels
and guide business partners to deter and protect the platform from bad actors
engaging in illicit activities.

### Corporate Compliance

Binance’s Corporate Compliance team comprises specialists with backgrounds in
crypto, payments, and traditional banking who bring their compliance and risk
management skills to support the “second line” of the organization’s defense.

The team is responsible for a number of areas, including  the monitoring and
testing of compliance controls; handling regulatory examinations and audits
for Binance's licensed entities; ensuring that compliance controls are
embedded in all Binance products and services; overseeing third-party due
diligence efforts; developing enterprise-wide and country-level AML/CFT risk
assessments, issue management and governance initiatives, and developing and
overseeing company-wide mandatory compliance training.

### Customer Due Diligence

The Customer Due Diligence (CDD) team at Binance is responsible for
implementing robust Know-Your-Customer (KYC) and Know-Your-Business (KYB)
programs, which play a crucial role in preventing fraud, identity theft, money
laundering, and other illicit activities by verifying the identities of
Binance's customers and business partners. The CDD team ensures compliance
with applicable regulatory requirements while balancing it with the need for a
frictionless user experience.

### High-Risk Clients

The High-Risk Clients’ team focuses on overseeing enhanced due diligence
processes for customers and businesses classified as high-risk. They work
closely with the CDD team to establish more stringent verification measures
and monitor the activities of such clients, further reducing the risk of
illicit activity on the platform.

The team also advises the colleagues in the first line of defense on matters
related to establishing sources of funds and wealth verification for retail
customers, as well as AML programs and regulatory licensing assessments of
Binance’s corporate clients.

### Transaction Monitoring

The Transaction Monitoring team at Binance is responsible for auditing
transactions for potential money laundering and terrorist financing
activities. They leverage cutting-edge technology and sophisticated analytical
tools to detect suspicious patterns and identify potential risks. This team is
instrumental in maintaining the integrity of the platform and ensuring
compliance with global regulations related to money laundering and terrorist
financing. The team consists of experts specializing in both fiat and crypto.

## Building Tech and Forging Partnerships

In addition to the expertise of the core compliance team, Binance has also
made substantial investments in cutting-edge technology and strategic
partnerships to enhance its compliance capabilities. This includes
collaborations with leading regulatory technology (RegTech) vendors and the
development of proprietary tools to monitor transactions, detect potential
risks, and enhance compliance processes.

As the world's leading crypto exchange, Binance has access to the largest
datasets of transactions that, when combined with the data from our partners
such as blockchain analytics firms Chainalysis, TRM, and Elliptic, help us
arrive at the most comprehensive mapping and identification of potentially
illicit activities in the crypto industry. This data helps us detect and
prevent the instances of misuse of our platform for illicit purposes and helps
us protect our users from falling victim to scams and other forms of financial
crime.

By prioritizing compliance, Binance aims to provide a secure and transparent
platform for users to explore the world of Web3 while mitigating risks
associated with financial crimes, money laundering, and other forms of illicit
activity.

_This article was edited on November 23, 2023, to update the number of law
enforcement requests processed and law enforcement training sessions delivered
by Binance._

##  Further Reading

  * [ _Playing by the Rules: The Crypto Compliance Landscape Today_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/playing-by-the-rules-the-crypto-compliance-landscape-today-2911606196614178290)

  * [ _Expertise in the Binance Compliance Team_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/expertise-in-the-binance-compliance-team-2440494994988411195)

  * [ _How Binance Fights to Keep People in Blocked Jurisdictions Off Our Platform_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/how-binance-fights-to-keep-people-in-blocked-jurisdictions-off-our-platform-1942426221780409327)

 _Risk Warning: Digital assets are subject to high market risk and price
volatility. The value of your investment can go down or up, and you may not
get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your investment
decisions, and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Past
performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should only
invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks.
You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation,
investment objectives, and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial
adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed
as financial advice. For more information, see our_[ _Terms of
Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _Risk
Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,857,827 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Playing by the Rules: An Overview of Binance’s Compliance Program

Main Takeaways

Department Structure

Building Tech and Forging Partnerships

Further Reading

194,857,827 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

