[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vd2ViM3dhbGxldA%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vd2ViM3dhbGxldA%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

Binance Web3 Wallet

# Simple.

# Convenient.

# Secure.

# Your world of Web3.

Get Started

#### Explore Web3 with ease

Trade your favorite tokens. Access multiple blockchains. Explore some of the
best dApps. All without leaving your wallet.

View Networks and dApps

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/chevron-right-f.svg)

Transfer

###### Bridge between the exchange and Web3

Why juggle multiple apps? Simply do it all in one! Transfer funds between
exchange and wallet quickly and easily. Move across CeFi, DeFi, and Web3 in a
single tap.

Swap

###### Swap tokens cross-chain at the best prices

Powered by Binance Bridge and other DEXs, trade thousands of tokens across
various networks. Get the best prices thanks to deep liquidity and low
slippage.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/chevron-left-f.svg)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/crypto/0x8ac76a51cc950d9822d68b83fe1ad97b32cd580d-56.png)

USDC

Venus

APY

14.68%

Invest Now

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/crypto/0x55d398326f99059ff775485246999027b3197955-56.png)

USDT

Venus

APY

10.57%

Invest Now

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/crypto/0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000-56.png)

BNB

Venus

APY

0.18%

Invest Now

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/crypto/0x2170ed0880ac9a755fd29b2688956bd959f933f8-56.png)

ETH

Venus

APY

1.55%

Invest Now

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/crypto/0x1af3f329e8be154074d8769d1ffa4ee058b1dbc3-56.png)

DAI

Venus

APY

9%

Invest Now

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/chevron-left-f.svg)

Earn

###### Grow your portfolio with one click

Put your idle crypto to work. Find the best opportunities to earn yield on
your assets in seconds.

###

Putting you in control.

Security at every stage.

Putting you in control.Security at every stage.

Self-custody wallet

Funds in the wallet are exclusively held and managed by the user. You are in
complete control over your crypto assets.

Powered by MPC

Advanced multi-party computation (MPC) technology creates three separately
stored ‘key shares’. Enjoy unparalleled security without the need for a seed
phrase.

Learn More![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/chevron-
right-f.svg)

Built-in risk controls

Get alerts if a token or blockchain carries security risks, including wrong
address protection or malicious contract detection.

Self-custody wallet

Funds in the wallet are exclusively held and managed by the user. You are in
complete control over your crypto assets.

Powered by MPC

Advanced multi-party computation (MPC) technology creates three separately
stored ‘key shares’. Enjoy unparalleled security without the need for a seed
phrase.

Learn More![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/chevron-
right-f.svg)

Built-in risk controls

Get alerts if a token or blockchain carries security risks, including wrong
address protection or malicious contract detection.

Binance Web3 Wallet

#### Web3 is easier with Binance

Get Started

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/phones.png)

1

What is Binance Web3 Wallet?

2

What are the benefits of using Binance Web3 Wallet?

3

How do I use my Binance Web3 Wallet to send and receive tokens?

4

Is Binance Web3 Wallet a self-custody wallet? Who has control over my funds?

5

Do I need to back up my Binance Web3 Wallet?

View more

Disclaimer: Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your investment
may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You are solely
responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any
losses you may incur. APR is an estimate of rewards you will earn in
cryptocurrency over the selected timeframe. It does not display the actual or
predicted returns/yield in any fiat currency. APR is adjusted daily and the
estimated rewards may differ from the actual rewards generated. For selected
staking products, Binance takes on all slashing risk. This means that the same
amount of digital assets staked will be returned to you, even if they are
slashed. Not financial advice. For more information, see our Terms of Use and
Risk Warning.

Get Web3 Wallet With the Binance
App![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-wallet/close-f.svg)

![qrcode](data:image/jpeg;base64,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)

[Download for iOSGet the Binance app from the App
Store](https://app.appsflyer.com/id1436799971?pid=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.binance.com%2Fen&c=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.binance.com%2Fen)[Download
for AndroidGet the Binance app from Google
Play](https://app.appsflyer.com/com.binance.dev?pid=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.binance.com%2Fen&c=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.binance.com%2Fen)

Multi-Party Computation (MPC)![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-
mpc-wallet/close-f.svg)

Binance Web3 Wallet uses advanced multi-party computation (MPC) technology.
This means you can enjoy a self-custody wallet experience without the need for
a seed phrase. MPC allows the creation of a secure key management system
without a single point of failure. For a standard wallet this would be losing
your seed phrase.

Instead, Binance Web3 Wallet is secured by three key-shares and a recovery
password solely known to the user. These key-shares are generated when you
create the wallet and stored in different locations for added security:

  * Share 1: Secured by Binance;
  * Share 2: Stored on your device;
  * Share 3: Encrypted by the recovery password you entered, and backed up to your personal cloud storage (iCloud or Google Drive).

Please note that backing up Share 3 is mandatory before using the wallet. To
access your wallet, you must have at least two key-shares.

Supported Networks and dApps![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/web-mpc-
wallet/close-f.svg)

Networks

dApps

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/btc.svg)Bitcoin

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bsc.svg)BNB Smart Chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/eth.svg)Ethereum

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/arb.svg)Arbitrum One

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/matic.svg)Polygon

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zks.svg)zkSync Era

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/op.svg)Optimism

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/sol.svg)Solana

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/manta.svg)Manta Pacific

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/sui.svg)Sui

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/metis.svg)Metis

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/scroll.svg)Scroll

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zk-fair.svg)ZKFair

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zeta.svg)ZetaChain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/tron.svg)Tron

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/sei.svg)Sei

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ron.svg)Ronin

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/linea.svg)Linea

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bounce-bit.svg)Bounce Bit

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bsquared-network.svg)B² Network

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/tabi-testnet.svg)TABI Testnet

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/degen.svg)Degen

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/btc-
taproot.svg)Bitcoin(Taproot)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/mode.svg)Mode

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/merlin.svg)Merlin Chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zklink-nova.svg)zkLink Nova

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bevm.svg)BEVM

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/blast.svg)Blast

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/aca.svg)Acala EVM

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/wan.svg)Wanchain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/neon.svg)Neon

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/kcs.svg)KuCoin Community Chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/iotx.svg)IoTeX EVM

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/go.svg)GoChain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/etc.svg)Ethereum Classic

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/clo.svg)Callisto

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/base.svg)Base

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/aurora.svg)Aurora

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/atom.svg)Cosmos Hub

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/celo.svg)Celo

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/cfx.svg)Conflux eSpace

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/movr.svg)Moonriver

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/glmr.svg)Moonbeam

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/klay.svg)Klaytn

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/xdai.svg)Gnosis Chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/evmos.svg)Evmos

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/matic-zkevm.svg)Polygon zkEVM

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ftm.svg)Fantom

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/avax.svg)Avalanche C-Chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/osmo.svg)Osmosis

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/doge.svg)Dogecoin

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bch.svg)Bitcoin Cash

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ltc.svg)Litecoin

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/lunc.svg)Terra Classic

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/strd.svg)Stride

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/op-bnb.svg)opBNB

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/stars.svg)Stargaze

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ntrn.svg)Neutron

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/inj.svg)Injective

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/evmos-cosmos.svg)Native Evmos

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/axl.svg)Axelar

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/akt.svg)Akash

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bld.svg)Agoric

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/kava.svg)Kava

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/juno.svg)Juno

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/cake.png)

PancakeSwap V3

The #1 AMM and yield farm on BNB chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/uniswap.png)

Uniswap V3

A fully decentralized protocol for automated liquidity provision on Ethereum
V2

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/xvs.png)

Venus

A Decentralized Marketplace for Lenders and Borrowers with Borderless
Stablecoins

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/apx.png)

APX Finance

APX is the foremost decentralized exchange for crypto derivatives on BNB
Chain. Elevate trading with market-highest 1001x leverage, 0 slippage and low
fees.

View more

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/lido.png)

Lido

Liquidity for staked assets. Daily rewards, no lock ups. Available for
Ethereum, Solana, Polygon, Terra, Kusama & Polkadot.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/beefy.png)

Beefy

Beefy is a Decentralized, Multichain Yield Optimizer platform that allows
users to earn compound interest on crypto. Through a set of investment
strategies secured and enforced by smart contracts, Beefy automatically
maximizes rewards from various liquidity pools (LPs),‌ ‌automated market
making (AMM) projects,‌ ‌and‌ ‌other yield‌ farming ‌opportunities in the DeFi
ecosystem.

View more

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/maverick.png)

Maverick

Maverick Protocol is a leading provider of smart contract solutions in DeFi,
focusing on enabling projects to customize, automate, and incentivize
liquidity effectively. Powered by Maverick AMM.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/balancer-v2.png)

Balancer V2

Balancer is a protocol for programmable liquidity.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/opensea-seaport.png)

Opensea Seaport

OpenSea is the world's first and largest web3 marketplace for NFTs and crypto
collectibles.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/dodo.png)

Dodo

DODO- Decentralized Trading Protocol for Web3, Powered by the DODO PMM
algorithm; aggregator with deep on-chain liquidity.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/radiant.png)

Radiant Capital

Radiant is building the first omnichain money market atop LayerZero. Deposit
and borrow across multiple chains, seamlessly.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/gala.png)

Gala Games

GALA powers the world of games, film, and music!

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/woofi.png)

WOOFi

A leading cross-chain DEX with perpetual futures.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/quickswap_png.png)

QuickSwap

QuickSwap - Leading DEX on all Polygon chains for trading, LP, farming,
perpetual swaps, and gaming.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/gmx.png)

GMX

GMX is a decentralized perpetual exchange, where traders can trade top
cryptocurrencies with low fees and up to 50x leverage directly from their
personal wallet.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/binaryx.png)

BinaryX

BinaryX - A GameFi Platform and IGO incubation.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/1inch.png)

1inch

The 1inch Network unites decentralized protocols whose synergy enables
lucrative, fast and protected operations in the DeFi space.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/maker.png)

Maker

MakerDAO enables the generation of DAI, the world's first unbiased currency
and leading decentralized stablecoin.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/comp.png)

Compound

Compound is an algorithmic, autonomous interest rate protocol built for
developers, to unlock a universe of open financial applications.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/crv-icon.png)

Curve

A decentralized exchange (DEX) that focuses on stablecoin trading.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/convex.png)

Convex

Convex Finance is a DeFi protocol that aims to maximize rewards for Curve
users through pooled control of voting power and incentives.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/frax.png)

Frax Finance

The Frax ecosystem is a self-sufficient DeFi economy utilizing stablecoins as
currency.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/sushi.png)

Sushi

A Decentralised Finance (DeFi) app with features such as swap, cross chain
swap, streaming, vesting, and permissionless market making for liquidity.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/yfi.png)

Yearn Finance

Yearn is a decentralized suite of products helping individuals, DAOs, and
other protocols earn yield on their digital assets.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/alpaca.png)

Alpaca

Alpaca Finance is the largest lending protocol allowing leveraged yield
farming on BNB Chain. It helps lenders earn safe and stable yields, and offers
borrowers undercollateralized loans for leveraged yield farming positions,
vastly multiplying their farming principals and resulting profits.‌

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bsw.png)

BiSwap

BiSwap enhances the DeFi ecosystem by providing liquidity providers with
increased capital efficiency control and flexibility.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/aave.png)

AAVE

Aave is an Open Source Protocol to create Non-Custodial Liquidity Markets to
earn interest on supplying and borrowing assets with a variable or stablecoin.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zk.png)

zkBridge

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/etchmarket.png)

Etch Market

The leading Ethscriptions platform that enables users to trade tokens, NFTs
and domains names 40x cheaper.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ethsmarket.png)

EthsMarket

A platform that builds infrastructure for Ethscription for inscribing,
splitting and trading.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ethscriptions.png)

Ethscriptions

Ethscriptions are a new way of creating and sharing digital artifacts on
Ethereum using transaction calldata.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ierc20.png)

IERC 20

IERC-20 is an Ethereum-based protocol extension program. A fairer tick market.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/facetswap.png)

Facet

A DEX and brdige built on top of Facet VM.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/avascriptions.png)

Avascriptions

Avascriptions: The Gateway to #ASC20 Token Inscribe and Trading

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/evmink.png)

EVM Ink

A multichain inscription marketplace.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/polsmarket.png)

POLS Market

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/biis.png)

BIIS

Biis is an ultimate and convenient all-in-one BRC ecosystem technology stack.
Biis provides an integrated suite of tools, including Launch, cross-chain
capabilities, bulk distribution, bulk aggregation

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/48club.png)

48 Club

Universal Blockchain Infrastructure as a DAO

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/evms.png)

EVMs

EVMS - Inscriptions Exchange based on multi-chain programable indexers.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/owlto.png)

Owlto Finance

A decentralized cross-rollup bridge that focuses on L2, providing 'safe, fast,
cheap, and easy-to-use' services

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/kiloex.png)

KiloEx

Next generation of user-friendly perpetual DEX on BNB Chain/opBNB/Manta.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/qna3ai.png)

QnA3.AI

QnA3 - AI-powered Web3 Knowledge Sharing Platform

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bakery_swap.png)

BakerySwap

BakerySwap is a comprehensive DeFi and NFT platform offering innovative
trading solutions on multi-chains.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/uxuy.png)

UXUY

UXUY is a decentralized multi-chain trading platform by providing traders with
instant cross-chain trading services for Coin,Tokens, and inscriptions between
public chains

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/magiceden-new.png)

Magic Eden

Bitcoin ecosystem focused NFT marketplace and launchpad

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/favicon.png)

Frc20 Market

FANS Inscription is a fully decentralized FRC20 protocol on the FONTOM chain

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/swell.png)

Swell Network

Swell - Liquid Restaking for DeFi

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/logo-bright.png)

Jupiter

The best swap aggregator on Solana. Built for smart traders who like money.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/orca.png)

Orca

Orca - A decentralized concentrated liquidity automated market maker (CLAMM)
protocol on Solana

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/marginfi.png)

MarginFi

MarginFi is a decentralized lending protocol on Solana that prioritizes risk
management to provide a safe and reliable solution for users looking to access
leverage and maximize capiatal efficiency

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/drift.png)

Drift

Drift is a decentralized trading platform giving users more leverage on your
capital.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/dualfinance.png)

Dual Finance

Dual Finance gives token communities sustainable ways to earn yield & generate
value from their treasuries.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/pyth.png)

Pyth Network

Pyth delivers real-time market data from institutions to smart contracts on
any blockchain.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/magpie.png)

Magpie

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/eigenlayer.png)

EigenLayer

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/kelpdao.png)

KelpDAO

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/etherfi.png)

Ether.fi

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/listadao.png)

Lista DAO

Lista DAO - Making DeFi easier with simple and smart LSDfi solutions

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/listadao.png)

SynClub

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/wombat.png)

Wombat Exchange

dapp_info_desc_wombat

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ambient.finance.png)

Ambient Finance

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/blaster swap.png)

Blaster Swap

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/monoswap.png)

MonoSwap

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/blastoff.png)

Blast Off

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/aevo-new.png)

Aevo

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/ethena.png)

Ethena

![](https://static.devfdg.net/static/buw/icons/bacgame.png)

BAC Games

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/puffer.png)

Puffer finance

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/layerswap.png)

LayerSwap

Move crypto across exchanges blockchains and wallets.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/satori.png)

Satori finance

A decentralized financial derivatives platform built on zkEVM Polygon zkEVM

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/marinade_logo1.png)

Marinade

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/syncswap.png)

SyncSwap

SyncSwap is a decentralized exchange (DEX) on zkSync Era

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/client_upload/dc/RYCUjq8LMhQsx4amgUcXW8/20240324/ipKeZeuMptq6MMMBq8Ku4X.svg)

Cellula Game Of Life

Cellula is a full-chain game that cleverly integrates game theory mechanisms,
offering endless combinations of life forms and precise algorithmic support.
It employs a unique virtual proof-of-work (vPOW) asset allocation method,
injecting more creativity into the game and providing a sustainable incentive
mechanism for the games and applications built within the ecosystem.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/cyber8ball.png)

Cyber8ball

1

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/lifeform.png)

LifeForm

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/client_upload/dc/RYCUjq8LMhQsx4amgUcXW8/20240326/79YtrUHt8Kt8SkvKz3RRYR.svg)

Kinza Finance

Kinza Finance is the next-generation decentralized lending protocol on BNB
Chain and opBNB. Kinza Finance is non-custodial, permissionless, secure, and
incorporates cutting-edge DeFi mechanisms and solutions to offer users a
flexible and highly customizable DeFi lending experience. Built-in mechanisms
and rewards incentivize participation, and innovative tokenomics ensure
unparalleled sustainability.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/cry.png)

CryptoMaze

CryptoMaze is a hub for FUN interactive digital experiences - connecting
Gamers, Brands, Creators & Communities on Zksync.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/nova.png)

zkLink Nova

The first Aggregated Layer 3 Rollup zkEVM network that brings unprecedented
liquidity and asset aggregation to Ethereum and its Layer 2 Rollups.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/client_upload/dc/RYCUjq8LMhQsx4amgUcXW8/20240326/btQTouy4MRDnVTqUMMFX3A.svg)

Link3

Link3 is a Web3 native social platform built on CyberConnect protocol.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/carv.png)

Carv

Empower users with data self-sovereignty and share value captured from the
utility of data in a consent-based, privacy-preserving mechanism.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zorro.png)

Zorro

Zorro is a gamefi platform on zkSync Era.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/sato.png)

Satoshi Protocol

Satoshi Protocol is the first CDP built on BTC Layer 2, it allows investors to
deposit BTC and borrow stablecoin $SAT, Unleash trillion dollars of BTCFi.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/omni.png)

OmniBTC

OmniBTC is an omnichain DeFi platform that connects all the on-chain liquidity
using interoperability protocols.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bevm.png)

BEVM Bridge

BEVM is a decentralized EVM-compatible #BTClayer2 based on #Taproot, and using
$BTC as gas.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/aveai.png)

Ave.ai

1 Stop Onchain Trading Terminal

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/layerbank.png)

LayerBank

LayerBank is a project with high and unlock scalability limits by seamlessly
integrating with various EVM rollups and Layer 2 chains.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/angel.png)

Angle Protocol

Angle is a decentralized protocol developing leading stablecoin systems.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/aqua.png)

Aqua

It is a decentralized automated market maker, bringing powerful extra features
to the DeFi space including native liquidity locking.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/zkdx.png)

zkDX

A cutting-edge derivatives exchange of liquidity mode built on L2 networks.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/pendle.png)

Pendle

The Pendle protocol enables permissionless tokenization and trading of yield.
Pendle allows users to obtain fixed yield and trade/speculate future Defi
yield.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/mega.png)

BounceBit Megadrop

BounceBit Megadrop offers a guaranteed principal and 2.5% APR. Earn yield and
receive BounceBit BTC LSD for restaking. Start with just 0.0001 BTCB, watch
your assets grow.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/mode.png)

Mode Network

Mode is the Ethereum L2 that rewards you for growing the network via new
economic mechanisms. Powered by Optimism.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/stake.png)

Stakestone

StakeStone is an omni-chain LST (Liquid Staking Token) protocol aiming to
bring native staking yields and liquidity to Layer 2s in a decentralized
manner.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/merkle.png)

Merkle Trade

The first-ever gamified perp DEX. Trade, level up and unlock instant rewards.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/tabi.png)

Tabi Testnet

Modular Cosmos gaming L1 with any-VM-compatibility.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/bungee.png)

Bungee Exchange

Bungee is a bridge aggregator that provides seamless bridging across chains.
It aggregates all bridges, DEXs, and DEX Aggregators to offer the best
product.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/debridge.png)

deBridge

deBridge is a secure interoperability layer for Web3 that enables
decentralized transfers of arbitrary messages and value between various
blockchains.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/cbridge.png)

cBridge

Celer cBridge is a decentralized and non-custodial asset bridge that supports
token transfer across 40+ blockchains and layer-2 rollups.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/meth.png)

mETH by mantle

A permissionless, non-custodial ETH liquid staking protocol deployed on
Ethereum L1 and governed by Mantle.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/buw/icons/merlin.png)

Merlin

Merlin Chain is a Bitcoin Layer 2 that integrates the ZK-Rollup network,
decentralized oracle network, Data Availability, and on-chain BTC fraud proof
modules.

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

