[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2JpbmFuY2UtY2hhcml0eS1iaW5hbmNlLWZhbi10b2tlbi1hbmQtc3MtbGF6aW8tdGVhbS11cC1mb3Itc29jaWFsLWNoYW5nZS02NTc0Mjk2ODE0MTMzODUwMjcyP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2JpbmFuY2UtY2hhcml0eS1iaW5hbmNlLWZhbi10b2tlbi1hbmQtc3MtbGF6aW8tdGVhbS11cC1mb3Itc29jaWFsLWNoYW5nZS02NTc0Mjk2ODE0MTMzODUwMjcyP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Charity, Binance Fan Token, and S.S. Lazio Team Up for Social Change

2023-06-30

[Use Cases](/blog/tag/use-cases-7)

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Charity, Binance Fan Token, and S.S. Lazio have partnered up to contribute to worthy causes like earthquake relief efforts and our Tree Millions reforestation initiative!

  * Find out how the Player of the Month program and jersey fundraiser initiatives are helping to make a difference in the world.

_Binance Charity, Binance Fan Token, and S.S. Lazio have joined forces to make
a positive impact through the Player of the Month and jersey fundraiser
initiatives._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/aa6eb8b9-0ed8-495f-94dd-846e47d27049)

In partnership with S.S. Lazio, Binance Charity and Binance Fan Token have
embarked on a unique charity initiative that engages with fans to positively
impact society.

Say hello to the “Player of the Month” (POTM) program, where Binance users can
participate in meaningful initiatives while cheering on their favorite
football stars. The monthly poll was launched last year for fans to further
engage with the players of their choice. The best part? A generous $100,000
donation hangs in the balance, ready to support the chosen cause.

## Player of the Month Program: How Does It Work?

Each month, Binance users are invited to participate in the selection process,
voting for their favorite players on a per-match basis. The winning players
will be awarded [_Binance Fan Tokens_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-
token/binance-fan-tokens-everything-you-need-to-know-about-the-future-of-
fandom-421499824684902886) , utility tokens that power fan experiences.

At the end of the season, the player with the most POTM titles will contribute
the entirety of their winnings ($65,000) to the charity of their choice. The
runner-up will donate all of their winnings ($35,000) as well.

With a $100,000 total donation on the line, every vote counts. Through the
POTM program, Binance users can become active contributors to the
philanthropic landscape, shaping the destiny of charitable initiatives to
change lives for the better.

### It’s your turn to vote

Take part in the ongoing POTM voting poll now! Simply head over to the
[_Binance Fan Token Platform_](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token) and
choose your favorite team from the **[Featured Teams]** section. For more
information, visit the [_Binance Player of the Month Voting (POTM)
Polls_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-participate-in-binance-
player-of-the-month-voting-potm-polls-with-binance-fan-
tokens-9602822d273041e5b1b5b2a58ad8f989) FAQ.

## POTM Winners Thus Far

The initiatives encompass a wide range of causes, from education and
healthcare to environmental conservation and social justice.

We’re thrilled to congratulate Ciro Immobile as the first winner of the POTM
program. The champion has chosen to contribute all $65,000 of his winnings to
Binance Charity’s [_Tree
Millions_](https://www.binance.charity/posts/24/Putting-Crypto-to-Work--
Inside-Binance-Charity-s--Tree-Millions--Initiative-To-Plant-10-Million-Trees)
initiative. This project is dedicated to combating deforestation, one of the
major drivers of climate change, and has already made a significant impact by
planting over 295,000 trees in 27 countries since its launch in 2021.

We would also like to thank runner-up Felipe Anderson, who has decided to
donate the entirety of his $35,000 to Binance Charity’s [_Earthquake
Appeal_](https://www.binance.charity/projects/42/Earthquake-
Appeal:-Rebuilding-&-Recovery). Earthquake relief requires significant
resources, thus sparking the need for these initiatives. Binance Charity’s
Earthquake Appeal is conducted in collaboration with Mercy Corps and Kizilay
(the Turkish Red Cross). These funds will be instrumental in aiding the most
affected communities in Turkey and Syria as they rebuild their lives following
one of the most devastating earthquakes the region has ever witnessed.

Through the POTM program, we’re embracing a new paradigm of giving – one that
engages users in a meaningful way and amplifies the impact we have on the
world. Together, we are redefining philanthropy, fostering a culture of active
involvement, and creating positive change in communities around the globe.

The POTM program is one of several ways Binance Charity is leveraging Web3 to
drive positive change for global humanitarian causes. The innovative use of
including S.S. Lazio fans through Fan Tokens also allows supporters to be a
part of the causes that the players champion.

## Fight Hunger Worldwide With Football Jersey Auctions

S.S. Lazio players are also [_auctioning off their football
jerseys_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/introducing-s-s-
lazio-charity-sale-signed-s-s-lazio-anniversary-edition-
jerseys-727aef61ac8243518bfe9fbdaa8282be) to raise funds for Binance Charity’s
[_Fight Hunger Worldwide_](https://www.binance.charity/projects/36/Fight-
Hunger-Worldwide) project, which seeks to assist the UN’s Sustainable
Development Goal (SDG) of eradicating hunger by 2030. It has already made a
considerable impact so far by providing food assistance to almost 22,000
individuals across Morocco, Sri Lanka, France, Nigeria, and Malaysia.

Proceeds from the jersey fundraiser will be used to launch a food drive for
underprivileged communities in Italy this summer.

[_Participate in an auction now_](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio/team-shop/product?ref=WY3JFH60&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=lazio-blog-body&utm_campaign=lazio-fanshop).

## Join the Game-Changing Social Movement

Get ready to make your mark. Be it voting or donating, your participation
holds the power to shape the lives of those in need. Together, we can make a
difference.

Find out more about [_Binance Charity’s other ongoing
initiatives_](https://www.binance.charity/projects) today.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Donate directly to Fight Hunger Worldwide_](https://www.binance.charity/projects/36/Fight-Hunger-Worldwide)

  * [ _Donate directly to Binance Charity’s Earthquake Appeal: Rebuilding & Recovery_](https://www.binance.charity/projects/42/Earthquake-Appeal:-Rebuilding-&-Recovery)

  * [ _How Cryptocurrency and Web3 Are Reshaping Philanthropy_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/how-cryptocurrency-and-web3-are-reshaping-philanthropy-6029424232491504454)

195,031,871 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Charity, Binance Fan Token, and S.S. Lazio Team Up for Social Change

Main Takeaways

Player of the Month Program: How Does It Work?

POTM Winners Thus Far

Fight Hunger Worldwide With Football Jersey Auctions

Join the Game-Changing Social Movement

Further Reading

195,031,871 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

