[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9zZWN1cml0eS90aGUtYmluYW5jZS1hbnRpZG90ZS1wcm90ZWN0aW5nLXVzZXJzLWZyb20tYWRkcmVzcy1wb2lzb25pbmctYXR0YWNrcy0xMTk1NjkyNTQ1Mjk2MjM1Nzc1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9zZWN1cml0eS90aGUtYmluYW5jZS1hbnRpZG90ZS1wcm90ZWN0aW5nLXVzZXJzLWZyb20tYWRkcmVzcy1wb2lzb25pbmctYXR0YWNrcy0xMTk1NjkyNTQ1Mjk2MjM1Nzc1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# The Binance Antidote: Protecting Users From Address Poisoning Attacks

2024-05-16

[Security](/blog/tag/security-9)

## Main Takeaways

  * A rising crypto scam dubbed _address poisoning_ exploits the transparency of public blockchains, allowing scammers to "poison" frequently interacting addresses to trick victims into misplacing funds meant for a familiar address.

  * Binance’s security team stays on top of the latest threats to protect our users. The team has developed a unique algorithm for detecting address poisoning, which has helped to flag over 15 million spoofed addresses to date on the Ethereum and BSC networks. 

  * Falling victim to this scam is entirely avoidable through simple transfer hygiene principles and common-sense security measures.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240516/ca63279e-2392-4f15-8f75-189e15f291cc)

A new crypto scam is on the rise, called address poisoning or address
spoofing. Perpetrators use the transparency of public blockchains to identify
pairs of addresses that transact with each other often and “poison” one of the
addresses’ transaction history by sending to it a small amount of crypto from
an address that is similar but not identical to their usual counterpart. The
scammers hope that the next time the victim is about to send funds to the
familiar address, they will unwittingly copy the “poisoned” string of
characters and misplace the funds for the criminals' benefit.

One might think, who would fall for such a basic trick? In fact, more people
than you think, especially when criminals deploy this technique at scale. Just
a few days ago, a trader [_lost some $68 million worth of
crypto_](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/7602990339769?ref=516042411)
in a single transaction to an address-poisoning scammer.

The good news is that falling victim to this scam is totally avoidable if you
follow some simple principles of transfer hygiene. Moreover, the Binance
security team is there to further protect you from address poisoning scams. We
have developed a unique method of identifying poisoned addresses, which helps
us to alert users before they send money to criminals and was instrumental in
identifying and flagging more than 13.4 million spoofed addresses on BNB Smart
Chain and 1.68 million on Ethereum. Here’s what you need to know.

## Poison for the Unwary

Crypto wallet addresses can consist of as much as 42 alphanumeric characters.
We have all been there – when transferring some crypto to a friend or
withdrawing funds from an exchange to our own self-custodial wallet, we don’t
always scrutinize each character of the destination address. Dealing with a
hodgepodge of seemingly random digits and letters that is an average address,
the temptation is strong to rely on cognitive shortcuts.

For example, it is common for crypto users to only glance at the first and
last several characters of the address copied from one’s smartphone notes or
transaction history, especially if this is a wallet with which one has
previously interacted.

Address poisoning, also known as address spoofing, is a deceptive tactic where
scammers send small amounts of cryptocurrency, NFTs, or worthless tokens from
a wallet that closely mimics the recipient's or a frequently used partner's
address, thus making its way to transaction history. If the victim is in the
habit of copying and reusing addresses from recent transactions when sending
crypto, they can end up sending their funds to the scammer’s wallet.

Criminals scan public blockchains to identify potential victims, often looking
for pairs of addresses that interact frequently. Such scams can occur on any
blockchain, but Ethereum and networks like Polygon, Avalanche, and BNB Smart
Chain are particularly vulnerable – the latter three due to relatively low
transaction fees, which enable bad actors to deploy their schemes cheaply and
at scale.

Scammers rely on vanity address generators – services that allow users to
customize parts of addresses to make them appear recognizable and “less
random.” For example, an authentic Ethereum address like 0x19x30f…62657 could
be spoofed using a similar-looking 0x19x30t…72657, which can be totally
different in the middle while maintaining the first and last few characters.

## The Binance Antidote

Having recognized the emerging address poisoning as an increasingly common
threat for crypto users, Binance’s security experts developed a process to
identify and counteract this scheme. We implement a multi-step approach that
begins with examining the network logs to separate regular transfer events
from those that seem suspicious, such as those with a transfer value of 0 or
unrecognized token transfers.

We then connect the suspicious transfers to those regular transfers that they
seem to be preying on, pairing them based on similarities between sender and
recipient addresses. Finally, we ensure that the timestamp of the regular
transfer precedes that of the suspicious transfers, which allows us to detect
the point of poisoning, along with the spoofed addresses to which the bad
actors will expect to receive victims’ money.

Once flagged as spoofed, the addresses are recorded in the database of Web3
security firm HashDit, Binance’s security partner. Many cryptocurrency service
providers use HashDit’s API to boost their defenses against a variety of
scams. One of them, for example, is Trust Wallet, which uses a database of
poisoned addresses to alert users when they are about to transfer funds to a
spoofed recipient. HashDit also offers user-facing products such as web
browser extensions and Metamask Snaps, meaning that Binance’s efforts to flag
poisoned addresses make an impact on the crypto ecosystem level.

Thanks to Binance security experts’ proactive approach to this threat, we have
already flagged more than 15 million poisoned addresses to date on BSC and
Ethereum networks, adding an average of 300,000 new records every week as
criminals continue to lay traps for unsuspecting crypto users.

## Staying Safe

As with any other scam, you are the safest when you are aware of criminals’
tactics and practice preventive behaviors that help minimize the risk of
falling prey to them. Below are some tips that will help you steer clear of
address spoofing scams.

**Double-check the Address** : When sending crypto, always take the time to
verify the recipient’s entire address, not just the beginning or end.

**Save Frequently Used Addresses** : Utilize wallet features to save trusted
addresses and assign nicknames and QR codes to them to avoid the need for
frequent copying and pasting.

**Use Name Services** : Employ services like Ethereum Name Service (ENS),
which provide shorter, more recognizable addresses that are difficult for
scammers to replicate.

**Conduct Test Transactions** : When transferring significant amounts of
digital assets, send a small amount first to make sure that the recipient
address is correct.

**Be Vigilant with Copying and Pasting** : Malware can alter clipboard content
to replace your copied address with one owned by a scammer. Always recheck the
address after pasting and consider typing out some characters manually.

The rise of address poisoning scams emphasizes the importance of constant
vigilance in the digital asset space. Routine checking of the entire recipient
address, utilizing wallet features that save trusted addresses, employing
services like Ethereum Name Service (ENS), as well as conducting test
transactions can substantially reduce the likelihood of being scammed.

Proactive identification efforts, like that of Binance’s security team, also
play an important role in flagging spoofed addresses and alerting users to
potential scams preemptively. It is vital to combine safeguarding measures and
scam-awareness educational efforts in the face of continually evolving
threats.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: Upholding Ecosystem Integrity_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-upholding-ecosystem-integrity-9101007786905528323)

  * [ _Binance P2P’s Invisible Guardians: Using Computer Vision to Detect Fraud_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/tech/binance-p2ps-invisible-guardians-using-computer-vision-to-detect-fraud-7256282002014933080)

  * [ _Crypto Security Intelligence: How to Identify and Avoid Fake Binance Launchpool Tokens_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/crypto-security-intelligence-how-to-identify-and-avoid-fake-binance-launchpool-tokens-8501948643899556580)

194,885,427 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

The Binance Antidote: Protecting Users From Address Poisoning Attacks

Main Takeaways

Poison for the Unwary

The Binance Antidote

Staying Safe

Further Reading

194,885,427 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

