[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9hZG9wdGlvbi9iZXlvbmQtYm9yZGVycy10aGUtcG93ZXItb2YtY3J5cHRvLWluLWdsb2JhbC1tb25leS10cmFuc2ZlcnMtNzgwNzUwMzc3NzkxNTUyNDk0Mz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9hZG9wdGlvbi9iZXlvbmQtYm9yZGVycy10aGUtcG93ZXItb2YtY3J5cHRvLWluLWdsb2JhbC1tb25leS10cmFuc2ZlcnMtNzgwNzUwMzc3NzkxNTUyNDk0Mz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Beyond Borders: The Power of Crypto in Global Money Transfers

2024-05-14

[Use Cases](/blog/tag/use-cases-7)

## Main Takeaways

  * Digital assets are reshaping cross-border transactions, helping to mitigate issues like delays, service restrictions, and high fees seen in traditional systems.

  * Digital assets offer effective alternatives through their global, distributed transaction system, reduced costs, and faster transfers, although some limitations remain.

  * Roughly a quarter of the global adult population remains unbanked. Additionally, international remittances are a considerable part of many developing economies. These disparities make the pursuit of an improved payments system essential for a more equitable global monetary landscape.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240514/5c1da4a9-60a1-427b-a3c5-09d69e7dac39)

Meet Amir. He is a migrant worker, sending money back home to his family
overseas. However, banking regulations deny him a regular account, so bank
transfers are not an option for him. In many countries, various requirements
are in place – for example, a minimum income bar – that disqualify sizable
groups of people from getting access to banking. And traditional remittance
services? Their high fees eat away at his hard-earned income even further.
Amir’s story is just a drop in the ocean, with millions worldwide sharing
similar experiences as they are deprived of critical financial access.
Globally, there have been an estimated [_1.4 billion
people_](https://www.worldbank.org/en/publication/globalfindex) who remain
unbanked as of 2021, as per the most recent comprehensive estimate by the
World Bank. This number is equal to roughly a quarter of the global adult
population.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240514/cc6cd727-9489-4a8f-be98-3c34a59f6534)

A new crop of fiat-based money transfer services have attempted to mitigate
these problems, but substantial issues persist. Delays, service restrictions,
and exorbitant fees continue to limit these systems. In the face of these
structural challenges, digital assets have emerged as a potential beacon of
hope. Leveraging the potential of blockchain technology, they are already
redefining cross-border transactions, unbinding them from traditional
constraints.

## The International Payments Landscape

Transferring money domestically is usually simple enough: within most national
financial systems, there is normally a sufficient range of banking,
neobanking, fintech, and mobile payments services to cover the needs of the
majority of the population. The task gets more complicated when you move
across borders. Each country has its own payment systems, regulations, and
technological infrastructure, making the international payment landscape
difficult to standardize.

Traditionally, banks in different countries must have a direct relationship,
which is generally more likely for currency pairs with high payment volumes.
Where this isn’t the case, “correspondent” banks will serve as intermediaries
to facilitate the transfer. The longer the chain of intermediaries, the longer
the transaction will take, and the more it will cost as each party takes their
fee.

Remittances play an important role in many economies worldwide, with [_over 70
countries_](https://www.ifad.org/en/web/latest/-/13-reasons-why-remittances-
are-important) relying on them for at least 4% of their GDP. Globally,
remittances are a huge source of income, particularly for developing
countries. However, global remittances cost an [_average of
6.2%_](https://remittanceprices.worldbank.org/) of the amount sent. These
disparities make the pursuit of an improved payments system essential for a
more equitable monetary landscape. Blockchain and digital assets could be the
solution, already driving massive efficiencies on this front.

## The Blockchain Solution

Designed for a global, unified monetary system, cryptocurrencies bypass
traditional borders and intermediaries through blockchain technology.
Transactions are recorded on a single, distributed ledger, eliminating the
need for separate ledgers, as used by banks. Transaction costs reduce
drastically with crypto’s peer-to-peer (P2P) structure, which is void of
intermediary charges, and payments reach their destination faster – usually in
a matter of minutes rather than days.

Essentially, blockchain champions a globally coherent transaction system,
mitigating conventional limitations. Relying on blockchains for cross-border
payments can help overcome structural deficiencies and inefficiencies in the
current system. As [_J.P. Morgan analysts point
out_](https://www.jpmorgan.com/payments/payments-unbound/volume-3/cross-
border-payment-modernization) , blockchain technology has the potential to
underpin a financial infrastructure “that is able to support near-
instantaneous transactions and automate complexity.”

Cryptocurrencies are already providing financial services to millions who lack
access worldwide. This prominence is being seen by major financial
institutions. In a [_research paper published last
month_](https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/WP/Issues/2024/04/05/A-Primer-on-
Bitcoin-Cross-Border-Flows-Measurement-and-Drivers-547429) , a group of IMF
economists provided the latest big-picture overview of the extent to which
bitcoin is used for cross-border transactions. They observe that such use is
geographically widespread, while the magnitudes of bitcoin cross-border flows
are sizable even on the scale of some countries’ GDP. They also provide
evidence to suggest that off-chain bitcoin cross-border flows may be
correlated with incentives to avoid capital flow restrictions.

The IMF analysis only considers bitcoin transactions, leaving out another
important class of digital assets with immense transactional utility:
stablecoins. Most often pegged to the U.S. dollar, these assets are widely
used for both preserving value amid national currencies’ depreciation and
facilitating cross-border transfers.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240514/91b2fc98-74ca-4c57-b17a-4ab15cd01f20)

A [_recent report_](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-spring-report.html) by
blockchain analytics firm Chainalysis argues that stablecoins have already
surpassed all other types of cryptocurrencies in usage. It also shows that the
volume of fiat purchases of stablecoins has been going up steadily over the
last year, including in countries that saw significant national currency
declines and those with severe capital flow restrictions.

### Limitations of crypto cross-border transactions

While blockchain technology brings numerous advantages to the table when it
comes to cross-border payments, it’s not without its challenges. A primary
concern is the price volatility associated with cryptocurrencies; however, the
use of stablecoins can help mitigate this risk. The technical knowledge
required to navigate blockchain technology also raises accessibility issues.
It is a complex system that requires mastery to use effectively. Nevertheless,
accessibility is one of the main concerns of the industry, and platforms such
as Binance have emerged to help facilitate adoption for novice users.

Regulatory compliance is another major hurdle. The regulatory environment
around blockchain and cryptocurrency is still developing and remains
inconsistent across jurisdictions, which is especially relevant for cross-
border transactions. Ensuring every transaction adheres to the rules of both
the origin and destination jurisdictions is essential but can be challenging.
In some cases, cryptocurrencies may not be an option at all.

Ultimately, while blockchain technology offers promising benefits for cross-
border payments, current challenges must be tackled for it to flourish within
the global financial ecosystem. These issues are high on the industry’s
agenda, with developers working tirelessly to solve them. Given crypto’s early
stage of development, such challenges will only become more manageable in the
future.

## Traversing Borders

For Amir, adopting cryptocurrencies through the convenience of dedicated
mobile apps has transformed his remittance routine. Transaction fees,
significantly reduced, ensure more of his money reaches his family faster.
Similar stories involving Binance users arise throughout the world every day.
A business owner is able to stay afloat when her bank closes, thanks to
enabling P2P transactions with her overseas customers. A young father who
doesn’t have access to traditional banking finds financial empowerment in
crypto, allowing him to improve the well-being of his children.

Engaging in the digital-asset ecosystem grants these individuals a seat at the
global economic table. These are real stories of financial empowerment that
blockchain technology has helped facilitate, and countless more emerge each
day. Cryptocurrencies are already having a tangible impact on the world,
particularly for developing economies, nurturing a more equal and transparent
monetary system, and use cases like international payments are a clear example
of this. As we move to the next stage of the industry’s development, the
revolutionary potential of blockchain technology will only continue to shine
through.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Macroeconomics: Globalization and International Trade_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/macroeconomics-globalization-and-international-trade-3712588575211860965)

  * [ _Erasing Borders: Globally Harmonized Regulation for the Digital Economy_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/erasing-borders-globally-harmonized-regulation-for-the-digital-economy-2053848022592068758)

  * [ _Stablecoins: A Beginner’s Guide_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/stablecoins-a-beginners-guide-3547102596809083284)

**Disclaimer:** _This content is presented to you on an “as is” basis for
general information and educational purposes only, without representation or
warranty of any kind. It should not be construed as financial advice, nor is
it intended to recommend the purchase of any specific product or service.
Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your investment may go down
or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible
for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may
incur. Not financial advice. For more information, see our_[ _Terms of
Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _Risk
Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,898,017 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Beyond Borders: The Power of Crypto in Global Money Transfers

Main Takeaways

The International Payments Landscape

The Blockchain Solution

Traversing Borders

Further Reading

194,898,017 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

