[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# A crypto wallet app and Web3 gateway

The best crypto app to secure your tokens.  

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/03/ledger-live-
app-hero.webp)

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/windows.svg) Download for Windows
](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/macos.svg) Download for macOS
](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/linux.svg) Download for Linux
](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/ios.svg) Download for iOS
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/android.svg) Download for Android
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live)

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/app-store.png)
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/google-play.png)
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live)

Also available on desktop

![]()

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/windows.svg) Download for Windows
](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/macos.svg) Download for macOS
](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/linux.svg) Download for Linux
](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux)

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/app-store.png)
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/google-play.png)
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live)

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/ios.svg) Download for iOS
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
live/download-buttons/android.svg) Download for Android
](https://r354.adj.st?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live)

[Download our uninstaller](https://github.com/LedgerHQ/ledger-live-
desktop/releases/download/v2.2.3/Uninstall.Ledger.Live.exe) [Check out device
and OS compatibility here](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4404389606417-Download-and-install-Ledger-Live?docs=true)

## FAQs

about the Ledger Live crypto wallet app

What is a crypto wallet?

A crypto wallet is a physical device, designed to enhance the security of your
private keys by securely storing them offline.

These wallets physically store your private keys within a chip inside the
device itself.

The beauty of using a crypto wallet is the security it provides to your
private keys. The big idea behind crypto wallets is the isolation of your
private keys from your easy-to-hack smartphone or computer – basically
anything that can expose your private keys on the internet.

What is a Web3 wallet?

A Web3 wallet is essentially your digital keychain for the new internet
era—Web3. It’s your all access pass to the decentralized world. Instead of
relying on classic institutions like banks to manage your online currencies, a
Web3 wallet puts you, and you alone, in control.

Beyond holding your cryptocurrencies, it also lets you interact with cool
decentralized apps. Want to trade unique digital items or play games without a
middleman? Your Web3 wallet is the go-to tool.

Web3 wallets are extremely user friendly, letting you log in and navigate
decentralized apps with ease all while keeping your private keys safe. Think
of it as your digital superhero cape—giving you power and security in the
wild, wild Web3.

What is a non-custodial wallet?

A non-custodial wallet, also known as a self-custodial wallet (enter the
infamous crypto term ‘self-custody’) is a crypto wallet that puts you in
complete control of your public and private keys.

How so? Instead of entrusting your keys to a third-party, non-custodial
wallets give you, the wallet’s owner, the exclusive responsibility of securing
your private keys and wallet.

A non-custodial wallet is a direct link to your blockchain address without any
dependence on another entity, eliminating the possibility of asset
confiscation.

Non-custodial wallets are completely controlled by you and you alone, meaning
they are censorship-resistant and also have no transaction limits. In other
words, a non-custodial wallet is your one-way ticket to financial freedom.

How do you use a crypto wallet app?

Ledger hardware wallets use applications to manage your cryptocurrencies.
These apps can be installed onto your crypto wallet by connecting it to Ledger
Live.  
Follow these simple steps to start using apps with your Ledger crypto wallet:

**1\. Make sure you have Ledger Live installed.** If you don’t, you can
download it from the official Ledger website.  
**2\. Connect Your Ledger Device.** Use the provided USB cable to connect your
Ledger crypto wallet to your computer or mobile device.  
**3\. Unlock Your Ledger Device.** Enter your PIN code to unlock your Ledger
device.  
**4\. Open Ledger Live.** Open the Ledger Live application on your computer or
mobile device.  
**5\. Access the Manager.** In Ledger Live, go to the “Manager” section. This
is where you can manage and install apps on your Ledger device.  
**6\. Choose the App.** Find and choose the app for the cryptocurrency or
service you want to use. For example, if you want to use a Bitcoin wallet,
select the Bitcoin app.  
**7\. Install the App.** Click on “Install” to install the selected app on
your Ledger device. Follow the on-screen instructions.  
**8\. Open the App on Your Device.** After installation, navigate to the app
on your Ledger device and open it.  
**9\. Interact with the App.** Use the buttons on your Ledger device to
navigate and interact with the app. For example, you can send or receive
transactions, check balances, and perform other actions depending on the app’s
functionality.  
**10\. Disconnect Safely.** Once you’re done using the app, safely disconnect
your Ledger device from your computer or mobile device.

What is the best crypto wallet for mobile phones?

The best crypto wallet for mobile phones is the Ledger crypto wallet. This is
thanks to the fact that Ledger Live is designed to work seamlessly with Ledger
hardware wallets plugged into your mobile phone using the provided USB cable.

Ledger Live is the official mobile app for users of Ledger hardware wallets.
It provides a secure way to manage and view cryptocurrency balances on the go
directly from your mobile device.

What is the best crypto wallet for desktops?

Ledger crypto wallets are widely known as the best crypto wallets for desktop
users, particularly due to the uncompromising value they place on both
security and user-friendliness.

The Ledger Live crypto wallet application has a user-friendly interface that
makes it easy for users to manage their cryptocurrency portfolios, providing a
seamless integration for Ledger hardware wallets.

The application is designed to be intuitive, providing clear options for
viewing balances, managing accounts and initiating transactions.

What is Ledger Live?

The Ledger Live app is a safe and easy interface for managing your
cryptocurrencies using your Ledger device.

Unlike most apps, the Ledger Live crypto wallet app keeps your data directly
on your phone or computer, so there’s no need to sign in using an email and
password. All that’s required is your Ledger device and of course, you.

How does the Ledger Live wallet app work?

Ledger Live is designed as the trusted companion for your Ledger crypto wallet
device. It serves as a user-friendly interface where you can seamlessly manage
all your crypto assets and currencies in one secure place.

Get started by simply connecting your Ledger device to your desktop or mobile
phone using the provided USB cable. Once you’re connected, you’ll have a clear
view of your cryptocurrency portfolio and access to account management and
transaction histories. Within the Ledger Live wallet app, you can also send
and receive crypto currencies, track your portfolio and access all sorts of
nifty decentralized apps.

How do I download and install the Ledger Live wallet app?

To download and install the Ledger Live app, follow the steps below. Do please
keep in mind however that some specific steps may vary slightly according to
your your operating system (Windows, macOS, Linux) or device (computer or
mobile).

Go to the official Ledger website and click on Ledger Live.  
Click on the “Download Ledger Live” button, which will redirect you to the
download page, and click “Download.”

Select Your Operating System, choosing the appropriate version for your
operating system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).  
Download the installer file and run it, following the on-screen instructions
until complete.

Connect you Ledger device to your computer using the provided USB cable.  
Open Ledger Live, launching the Ledger Live application on your computer.  
Complete your setup by following the on-screen instructions to set up and
configure Ledger Live. Here you will have the opportunity to either create a
new account or restore an existing one.

Now it’s time to install Apps on your Ledger device! In Ledger Live, navigate
to the “Manager” section. Install the apps for the cryptocurrencies you wish
to manage on your Ledger device.

Have fun!

Which coins does the Ledger Live wallet app support?

Coins refer to any cryptocurrency that has an independent blockchain — like
Bitcoin. Put simply, if the cryptocurrency runs on its own blockchain, then it
is a coin. This native coin is what you use for paying transaction fees and
participating in the network, and what network participants receive in return
for keeping that network secure.

The Ledger Live crypto wallet app supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH),
Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Polkadot (DOT), Chainlink
(LINK), Cardano (ADA), Stellar (XLM), Solana (SOL), Tezos (XTZ) and more. It
also supports various ERC-20 tokens and other popular cryptocurrencies.

The Ledger Live crypto wallet app platform is regularly updated to include
support for new coins and tokens, so it’s a good idea to check for the latest
information on the official Ledger website or within the Ledger Live
application itself.

For a comprehensive list of supported coins, networks and tokens, feel free to
click [here](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

What is a crypto wallet?

A crypto wallet is a physical device, designed to enhance the security of your
private keys by securely storing them offline.

These wallets physically store your private keys within a chip inside the
device itself.

The beauty of using a crypto wallet is the security it provides to your
private keys. The big idea behind crypto wallets is the isolation of your
private keys from your easy-to-hack smartphone or computer – basically
anything that can expose your private keys on the internet.

What is a Web3 wallet?

A Web3 wallet is essentially your digital keychain for the new internet
era—Web3. It’s your all access pass to the decentralized world. Instead of
relying on classic institutions like banks to manage your online currencies, a
Web3 wallet puts you, and you alone, in control.

Beyond holding your cryptocurrencies, it also lets you interact with cool
decentralized apps. Want to trade unique digital items or play games without a
middleman? Your Web3 wallet is the go-to tool.

Web3 wallets are extremely user friendly, letting you log in and navigate
decentralized apps with ease all while keeping your private keys safe. Think
of it as your digital superhero cape—giving you power and security in the
wild, wild Web3.

What is a non-custodial wallet?

A non-custodial wallet, also known as a self-custodial wallet (enter the
infamous crypto term ‘self-custody’) is a crypto wallet that puts you in
complete control of your public and private keys.

How so? Instead of entrusting your keys to a third-party, non-custodial
wallets give you, the wallet’s owner, the exclusive responsibility of securing
your private keys and wallet.

A non-custodial wallet is a direct link to your blockchain address without any
dependence on another entity, eliminating the possibility of asset
confiscation.

Non-custodial wallets are completely controlled by you and you alone, meaning
they are censorship-resistant and also have no transaction limits. In other
words, a non-custodial wallet is your one-way ticket to financial freedom.

How do you use a crypto wallet app?

Ledger hardware wallets use applications to manage your cryptocurrencies.
These apps can be installed onto your crypto wallet by connecting it to Ledger
Live.  
Follow these simple steps to start using apps with your Ledger crypto wallet:

**1\. Make sure you have Ledger Live installed.** If you don’t, you can
download it from the official Ledger website.  
**2\. Connect Your Ledger Device.** Use the provided USB cable to connect your
Ledger crypto wallet to your computer or mobile device.  
**3\. Unlock Your Ledger Device.** Enter your PIN code to unlock your Ledger
device.  
**4\. Open Ledger Live.** Open the Ledger Live application on your computer or
mobile device.  
**5\. Access the Manager.** In Ledger Live, go to the “Manager” section. This
is where you can manage and install apps on your Ledger device.  
**6\. Choose the App.** Find and choose the app for the cryptocurrency or
service you want to use. For example, if you want to use a Bitcoin wallet,
select the Bitcoin app.  
**7\. Install the App.** Click on “Install” to install the selected app on
your Ledger device. Follow the on-screen instructions.  
**8\. Open the App on Your Device.** After installation, navigate to the app
on your Ledger device and open it.  
**9\. Interact with the App.** Use the buttons on your Ledger device to
navigate and interact with the app. For example, you can send or receive
transactions, check balances, and perform other actions depending on the app’s
functionality.  
**10\. Disconnect Safely.** Once you’re done using the app, safely disconnect
your Ledger device from your computer or mobile device.

What is the best crypto wallet for mobile phones?

The best crypto wallet for mobile phones is the Ledger crypto wallet. This is
thanks to the fact that Ledger Live is designed to work seamlessly with Ledger
hardware wallets plugged into your mobile phone using the provided USB cable.

Ledger Live is the official mobile app for users of Ledger hardware wallets.
It provides a secure way to manage and view cryptocurrency balances on the go
directly from your mobile device.

What is the best crypto wallet for desktops?

Ledger crypto wallets are widely known as the best crypto wallets for desktop
users, particularly due to the uncompromising value they place on both
security and user-friendliness.

The Ledger Live crypto wallet application has a user-friendly interface that
makes it easy for users to manage their cryptocurrency portfolios, providing a
seamless integration for Ledger hardware wallets.

The application is designed to be intuitive, providing clear options for
viewing balances, managing accounts and initiating transactions.

What is Ledger Live?

The Ledger Live app is a safe and easy interface for managing your
cryptocurrencies using your Ledger device.

Unlike most apps, the Ledger Live crypto wallet app keeps your data directly
on your phone or computer, so there’s no need to sign in using an email and
password. All that’s required is your Ledger device and of course, you.

How does the Ledger Live wallet app work?

Ledger Live is designed as the trusted companion for your Ledger crypto wallet
device. It serves as a user-friendly interface where you can seamlessly manage
all your crypto assets and currencies in one secure place.

Get started by simply connecting your Ledger device to your desktop or mobile
phone using the provided USB cable. Once you’re connected, you’ll have a clear
view of your cryptocurrency portfolio and access to account management and
transaction histories. Within the Ledger Live wallet app, you can also send
and receive crypto currencies, track your portfolio and access all sorts of
nifty decentralized apps.

How do I download and install the Ledger Live wallet app?

To download and install the Ledger Live app, follow the steps below. Do please
keep in mind however that some specific steps may vary slightly according to
your your operating system (Windows, macOS, Linux) or device (computer or
mobile).

Go to the official Ledger website and click on Ledger Live.  
Click on the “Download Ledger Live” button, which will redirect you to the
download page, and click “Download.”

Select Your Operating System, choosing the appropriate version for your
operating system (Windows, macOS, or Linux).  
Download the installer file and run it, following the on-screen instructions
until complete.

Connect you Ledger device to your computer using the provided USB cable.  
Open Ledger Live, launching the Ledger Live application on your computer.  
Complete your setup by following the on-screen instructions to set up and
configure Ledger Live. Here you will have the opportunity to either create a
new account or restore an existing one.

Now it’s time to install Apps on your Ledger device! In Ledger Live, navigate
to the “Manager” section. Install the apps for the cryptocurrencies you wish
to manage on your Ledger device.

Have fun!

Which coins does the Ledger Live wallet app support?

Coins refer to any cryptocurrency that has an independent blockchain — like
Bitcoin. Put simply, if the cryptocurrency runs on its own blockchain, then it
is a coin. This native coin is what you use for paying transaction fees and
participating in the network, and what network participants receive in return
for keeping that network secure.

The Ledger Live crypto wallet app supports Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH),
Ripple (XRP), Litecoin (LTC), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Polkadot (DOT), Chainlink
(LINK), Cardano (ADA), Stellar (XLM), Solana (SOL), Tezos (XTZ) and more. It
also supports various ERC-20 tokens and other popular cryptocurrencies.

The Ledger Live crypto wallet app platform is regularly updated to include
support for new coins and tokens, so it’s a good idea to check for the latest
information on the official Ledger website or within the Ledger Live
application itself.

For a comprehensive list of supported coins, networks and tokens, feel free to
click [here](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=39c86274-185d-4aa5-9dac-38bc19c198a4&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=8048bdeb-628b-4abe-a22e-a4d263235af1&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
live-
download&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=39c86274-185d-4aa5-9dac-38bc19c198a4&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=8048bdeb-628b-4abe-a22e-a4d263235af1&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
live-download&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=d7ba17ab-4174-482a-9126-09c48f4bfc95&sid=4be2aac01cfe11ef86ab7b76e5e0c587&vid=4be2bc201cfe11efa68473c934098151&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ledger%20Live%20Download%20Crypto%20Wallet%20App%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
live-download&r=&lt=1668&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=7799)

