  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to BONK](/blog/beginners-guide-to-bonk)

##### MEME Coins

# A Beginner's Guide to BONK

Published on: Mar 15, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is BONK?**
  * **Understanding Bonk’s Utility**
  * **BONK’s Distribution**
  * **How to Buy BONK Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit BONK to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Explore our beginner's guide to BONK. Learn about its origins, why it grew to
popularity, and how to buy Bonk using Trust Wallet.

![A Beginner's Guide to BONK](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbonk_beginners_guide_986227ec52.png&w=3840&q=75)

This guide offers a comprehensive overview of
[Bonk](https://trustwallet.com/bonk-wallet). Learn everything you need to know
about Bonk, including its origins, ecosystem and distribution. We’ll also show
you how to buy Bonk using Trust Wallet, a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) that supports 10M+ assets.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is BONK?

[Bonk](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-get-bonk-using-trust-wallet) is a
meme coin built on the [Solana
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide). Bonk was introduced to the community through a significant
airdrop on December 25, 2022. This airdrop served as a festive gift to the
Solana community. During this airdrop, the
[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) community received 50% of the
total 100 trillion coins in circulation as a reward for their contributions to
the network's development and expansion.

Notably, Bonk implements a distinctive burning mechanism, wherein a percentage
of each transaction is permanently removed from circulation. This mechanism is
designed to incentivize users to hold onto their Bonk tokens, thereby
discouraging selling and potentially boosting the value of the remaining
tokens over time.

An interesting aspect of Bonk's journey is its viral marketing campaign on
TikTok, where it gained recognition as the "meme coin for intellectuals."
Leveraging the power of meme culture and the robust infrastructure of the
Solana blockchain, Bonk has garnered attention within the cryptocurrency
community.

### A Brief Overview of Meme Coins

[Meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/5-trending-meme-coins), also known
as meme cryptocurrencies, are digital currencies that gain popularity through
internet memes, pop culture references, and viral online trends. Unlike
traditional cryptocurrencies, meme coins typically lack utility and are often
created as jokes or satire. Meme coins have, however, gained substantial
followings and trading volumes, leading to price volatility and speculative
investment activity.

## Understanding Bonk’s Utility

Bonk defines itself as “the true community coin of Web3.” At its core, the
Bonk meme coin serves as a versatile digital asset that extends beyond
traditional transactions. At the time of writing, Bonk boasts over 119
integrations across 10 separate chains, in categories ranging from DeFi,
gaming, [NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft), social and wallets.

Bonk also has plans to expand the ecosystem through a focus on three core
pillars, each selected to help Bonk in its mission to become the premier
community coin in [Web3](https://trustwallet.com).

### Multichain Integration

BONK's commitment to multichain integration underscores its dedication to
accessibility and inclusivity. Continuous efforts are in place to allow
holders to buy, bridge, use, and enjoy their Bonk tokens regardless of their
chain of choice. By expanding its presence across multiple chains, Bonk aims
to break down barriers and provide users with seamless access to its
ecosystem, regardless of their preferred blockchain.

### Decentralized Finance (DeFi)

In line with its mission to simplify DeFi for holders, Bonk strives to provide
user-friendly solutions that enable users to grow their Bonk holdings
effortlessly. Whether through streamlined DeFi platforms or intuitive staking
mechanisms, Bonk aims to democratize access to DeFI and empower users to take
control of their financial futures.

### Gaming Integration

[Bonk](https://trustwallet.com/bonk-wallet) has over 25 active integrations
into various gaming platforms, serving as a preferred in-game currency.
Leveraging its community and features, Bonk seeks to enhance gaming experience
by providing opportunities for interaction, engagement, and rewards.

![bonk-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbonk_beginners_guide_1_258eafb44e.png&w=3840&q=75)

## BONK’s Distribution

Bonk's distribution strategy revolves around community giving and primarily
targets two core objectives. The first objective was to reward the downtrodden
Solana community after an extremely difficult year in 2022. The second
objective is to align incentives and ensure that the Bonk ecosystem continues
to thrive well into the future.

### Airdrop to the Solana Community (50%)

BONK distributed 50% of its total supply to the Solana community on Christmas
Day 2022. This airdrop aimed to reward Solana users who contributed to the
network's development and growth. The distribution was inclusive, reaching out
to various members of the Solana community, including NFT enthusiasts, DeFi
users, developers, and artists.

### Allocation to the BONKDAO (15.8%)

Bonk has earmarked a significant portion of tokens for the BONKDAO, a
Decentralized Autonomous Organization (DAO) responsible for driving
initiatives that benefit the Bonk ecosystem. The BONKDAO allows community
members to propose and vote on projects, grants, and activities aimed at
fostering growth and innovation within the ecosystem.

### Early Contributors and Development (21%)

Bonk has allocated tokens to early contributors who played pivotal roles in
its launch and development. These are 22 individuals, comprising artists,
developers, marketers, and other contributors, who are committed to the long-
term success of Bonk. To ensure alignment of incentives, these tokens are
subject to a 3-year linear vesting schedule (from January 1st, 2023),
reflecting their dedication to the project's growth and sustainability.

### Integration with Solana NFT Projects (21%)

Bonk has partnered with 40 active Solana NFT projects, allocating a portion of
its tokens to support the Solana NFT ecosystem. This distribution aims to
foster collaboration and integration between Bonk and the broader Solana NFT
community, driving adoption and utility for both parties.

### Support for Solana Market Participants and DeFi Users (15.8%)

Bonk has allocated another portion of tokens to support Solana market
participants and DeFi users. This distribution ensures that stakeholders
across the Solana ecosystem have access to Bonk tokens, facilitating their
participation in various activities and initiatives.

### Marketing (5.3%)

Bonk has set aside tokens for marketing promotions and initiatives aimed at
raising awareness and driving adoption.

### Solana Developers (5.3%)

A portion is also going towards developers in the Solana ecosystem. It's vital
to continue rewarding those who build valuable programs.

### Initial Liquidity (5.3%)

BONK has allocated tokens to provide initial liquidity on decentralized
exchanges such as Raydium, Orca, and Solend, ensuring liquidity for BONK
holders and facilitating trading activities. Any rewards earned through this
distribution will flow back to the BONKDAO.

## How to Buy BONK Using Trust Wallet

You can easily [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), including the
Bonk meme coin using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bonk” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of Bonk you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![bonk-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbonk_beginners_guide_2_fc328ae338.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit BONK to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying Bonk directly using Trust Wallet, you can also deposit
Bonk from another wallet address or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bonk” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

