[![Helius logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65b7c8d5aaab715b13605ece_Helius-
Orange.svg)](/)

Products

[ RPC Infrastructure Fuel your Solana project with Solana's Leading RPC Nodes
](/solana-rpc-nodes)[ Solana APIs Easy-to-use APIs to take your apps to the
next level in seconds ](/solana-apis)

[ Webhooks & WebSockets Listen to on-chain events and stream them to your
applications ](/solana-webhooks-websockets)

Solutions

[ Wallets Everything you've ever needed to power up your wallet infrastructure
](/use-cases/wallets)[ DeFi Unparalleled performance and reliability for DeFi
](/use-cases/defi)[ Payments Over 90% of all payments activity run through
Helius rails, for a reason. ](/use-cases/payments)

[ DePIN Bleeding edge tech for decentralized physical infrastructure ](/use-
cases/depin)[ NFTs Power up with our minting APIs, NFT indexers, and
compression tools ](/use-cases/nfts)[ Built with Helius Discover some of the
innovative teams that trust and utilize our services ](/built-with-helius)

Resources

#### Learn

[ Documentation Explore comprehensive guides, tutorials, and insights
](https://docs.helius.dev/)[ Forum Get answers and connect with our team and
fellow community members ](https://forum.helius.dev/)[ Video tutorials Get up
and running on new features and techniques
](https://www.youtube.com/@helius_labs)[ Jobs View our current job openings
](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/helius)

#### Tools

[ XRAY A human-readable Solana block explorer ](https://xray.helius.xyz/)[
Test Drive The Ultimate Tool for Testing Solana RPCs
](https://testdrive.helius.xyz/)[ Pyre Educational app that teaches users
Helius and Solana development ](https://pyre.helius.xyz/)

[Blog](/blog)[Pricing](/pricing)

[ Start Building ](https://dev.helius.xyz)

[RPC Infrastructure](https://solana.com/rpc)

# Solana's Leading RPC Nodes

Unparalleled performance, reliability, and domain expertise with Solana's
leading RPC Infrastructure. Unlike other providers, we exclusively support
Solana and have laser-focus on providing you with the best possible RPC
experience.

[ Get started - free ](https://dev.helius.xyz)

[ Documentation ](https://docs.helius.dev/)

## Engineered for growth

### **Add Magic to Your Apps**

Our RPCs are designed to give you the lowest latencies and the fastest speeds
in the ecosystem. We have the highest transaction-sending success rates out of
any RPC provider.

### **Never Worry About Reliability**

Due to our advanced failover systems and extra redundancy, we are constantly
at the top of all RPC providers regarding uptime guarantees. We have powered
the largest events in Solana history with ease.

### **Get The Most out of Solana**

Unlike other providers, we exclusively focus on Solana. This means we have the
knowledge, resources, and mission to help you get the best out of Solana,
whether debugging network issues or proactively suggesting performance
improvements.

![Solflare logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65b7bbc56df4a0fca0537d43_Solflare.svg)![Tensor
logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65bcbdb4380d212455f3a844_tensor.svg)![Magic
Eden logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65bcbdc0cfb0eb14d2cdc054_magic-
eden.svg)![Drip logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65bcbde57cae7e4314c005e7_drip.svg)![Backpack
logo](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/65b7bb9743cb6f3b33851869_backpack.svg)

## **Leverage the full power of Solana.**

### Global Coverage

Our infrastructure is globally distributed all over the world with multiple
failover and redundancies to ensure you never miss a trade.  

### Lowest Latency Sends

We are up to 5x faster than other RPC providers when it comes to transaction
confirmation times due to our cutting-edge transaction forwarders and staked
connection networks.  
  

### Generous Rate Limits

Never have to worry about your applications getting limited as you grow.  

### Solana Experts

We power the best of the best â ranging from Jupiter and Drift to Zeta
Markets and Orca. We've seen it all and will help you optimize your systems
for the best possible outcome.  

### Best-in-class Pricing

Hardware businesses are tough on the margins. With Helius, that's one less
thing you need to worry about.  

### 24/7 Support

As your project evolves, so will your needs. When that happens, we'll be here
to help.

## **Shared & Dedicated Nodes**

We offer both shared and dedicated RPC nodes. Talk to our experts to see which
is best suited for your needs.

[Shared RPC Nodes](https://solana.com/rpc)

Embrace the balance of high performance and cost savings with our shared RPC
nodes. Tailored for projects leveraging Solana's blockchain, our nodes ensure
you receive scalable, consistently high performance globally, all at a cost
that respects your budget.

**Unlimited Scalability** \- Your ambitions shouldn't have limits, and neither
should your blockchain capabilities.

**Global Coverage** \- Our nodes span the globe, ensuring you have the best
speeds wherever your business takes you.

**Low Starting Cost** \- Get started without financial strain; enjoy premium
features at a fraction of the cost.

[Dedicated RPC Nodes](https://solana.com/rpc)

Experience unparalleled security and performance with Dedicated RPC Nodes,
tailored for high-demand Solana projects. These nodes ensure top-tier
functionality and exclusive resource access, delivering tailored solutions
that meet your specific needs.

**Optimized Performance** \- Execute intensive RPC methods, such as
getProgramAccounts, without compromise.

**Geolocated Servers** \- Benefit from geolocated servers engineered for
optimal server-to-server communication.

**Enhanced Capabilities with Geyser Plugins** \- Extend functionality with
advanced Geyser plugins.

## Ready to build?

Start building with a free account.  
Speak to an expert for your Enterprise needs.

[ Create a free account ](https://dev.helius.xyz)

[ Contact us ](mailto:sales@helius.xyz)

[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/641a8c4cac3aee8bd266fd58/64ce790018b290587872d203_helius-
main.png)](/)

Products

[Solana RPC Infrastructure](/solana-rpc-nodes)[Solana APIs](/solana-
apis)[Webhooks & WebSockets](/solana-webhooks-websockets)

Resources

[Documentation](https://docs.helius.xyz/welcome/what-is-
helius)[Pricing](/pricing)[Built with Helius](/built-with-helius)

Community

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/heliuslabs)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliusapi)[Discord](https://discord.gg/aYjmtWsy6b)

Company

[Blog](/blog)[Jobs](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/helius)[Terms &
Conditions](/terms)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

