Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# Run a node

## Take full control.  
Run your own node.

Become fully sovereign while helping secure the network. Become Ethereum.

  * Learn more

![Graphic of node](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fethereum-
inside.4283ba2e.png&w=1920&q=75)

##  _What_ does it mean to "run a node"?

### Run software.

Known as a 'client', this software downloads a copy of the Ethereum blockchain
and verifies the validity of every block, then keeps it up-to-date with new
blocks and transactions, and helps others download and update their own
copies.

### With hardware.

Ethereum is designed to run a node on average consumer-grade computers. You
can use any personal computer, but most users opt to run their node on
dedicated hardware to eliminate the performance impact on their machine and
minimize node downtime.

### While online.

Running an Ethereum node may sound complicated at first, but it's merely the
act of continuously running client software on a computer while connected to
the internet. While offline, your node will simply be inactive until it gets
back online and catches up with the latest changes.

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhackathon_transparent.0818b178.png&w=1920&q=75)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimpact_transparent.7420c423.png&w=1920&q=75)

## _Who_ should run a node?

Everyone! Nodes are not just for _proof-of-stake_ validators. _Anyone_ can run
a node‚Äîyou don't even need ETH.

You don't need to _stake_ ETH to run a node. In fact, it's every other node on
Ethereum that holds validators accountable.

You may not get the financial rewards that validators earn, but there are many
other benefits of running a node for any Ethereum user to consider, including
privacy, security, reduced reliance on third-party servers, censorship
resistance and improved health and decentralization of the network.

Having your own node means you don't need to trust information about the state
of the network provided by a third party.

Don't trust. Verify.

## _Why_ run a node?

###

Privacy & Security

Stop leaking your personal information to third party nodes.

More

When sending transactions using public nodes, personal information can be
leaked to these third-party services such as your IP address and which
Ethereum addresses you own.

By pointing compatible wallets to your own node you can use your wallet to
privately and securely interact with the blockchain.

Also, if a malicious node distributes an invalid transaction, your node will
simply disregard it. Every transaction is verified locally on your own
machine, so you don't need to trust anyone.

###

Censorship Resistance

Ensure access when you need it, and don't be censored.

More

A 3rd-party node could choose to refuse transactions from specific IP
addresses, or transactions that involve specific accounts, potentially
blocking you from using the network when you need it.

Having your own node to submit transactions to guarantees that you can
broadcast your transaction to the rest of the peer-to-peer network at any
time.

###

Participate

The decentralization revolution starts with **you**.

More

By running a node you become part of a global movement to decentralize control
and power over a world of information.

If you're a holder, bring value to your ETH by supporting the health and
decentralization of the network, and ensure you have a say in its future.

###

Decentralization

Resist strengthening centralized points of failure.

More

Centralized cloud servers can provide a lot of computing power, but they
provide a target for nation-states or attackers looking to disrupt the
network.

Network resilience is achieved with more nodes, in geographically diverse
locations, operated by more people of diverse backgrounds. As more people run
their own node, reliance on centralized points of failure diminishes, making
the network stronger.

###

Voice your choice

Don't give up control in the event of a fork.

More

In the event of a chain fork, where two chains emerge with two different sets
of rules, running your own node guarantees your ability to choose which set of
rules you support. It's up to you to upgrade to new rules and support proposed
changes, or not.

If you're staking ETH, running your own node allows you to choose your own
client, to minimize your risk of slashing and to react to fluctuating demands
of the network over time. Staking with a third party forfeits your vote on
which client you think is the best choice.

###

Sovereignty

Think of running a node like the next step beyond getting your own Ethereum
wallet.

More

An Ethereum wallet allows you to take full custody and control of your digital
assets by holding the private keys to your addresses, but those keys don't
tell you the current state of the blockchain, such as your wallet balance.

By default, Ethereum wallets typically reach out to a 3rd-party node, such as
Infura or Alchemy, when looking up your balances. Running your own node allows
you to have your own copy of the Ethereum blockchain.

## Getting started

In the earlier days of the network, users needed to have the ability to
interface with the command-line in order to operate an Ethereum node.

`![‚ö†Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/26a0.svg)If
this is your preference, and you've got the skills, feel free to check out our
technical docs.`

[Spin up an Ethereum node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

Now we have DAppNode, which is **free and open-source software** that gives
users an **app-like experience** while managing their node.

In just a few taps you can have your node up and running.

DAppNode makes it easy for users to run full nodes, as well as _dapps_ and
other _P2P_ networks, with no need to touch the command-line. This makes it
easier for everyone to participate and create a more decentralized network.

## Choose your adventure

You'll need some hardware to get started. Although running node software is
possible on a personal computer, having a dedicated machine can greatly
enhance the performance of your node while minimizing its impact on your
primary computer.

When selecting hardware, consider that the chain is continually growing, and
maintenance will inevitably be needed. Increasing specs can help delay the
need for node maintenance.

###
![üõí](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6d2.svg)Buy
fully loaded

Order a plug and play option from vendors for the simplest onboarding
experience.

  * No building needed.
  * App-like setup with a GUI.
  * `No command-line required.`

[Shop DAppNode(opens in a new tab)](https://shop.dappnode.io/)[Shop
Avado(opens in a new tab)](https://ava.do/)

###
![üèóÔ∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f3d7.svg)Build
your own

A cheaper and more customizable option for slightly more technical users.

  * Source your own parts.
  * Install DAppNode.
  * Or, choose your own OS and clients.

Start building

## Build your own

### Step 1 ‚Äì Hardware

#### Minimum specs

  * 4 - 8 GB RAM

See note on staking

See note on Raspberry Pi

  * 2 TB SSD

 _SSD necessary for required write speeds._

#### Recommended

  * Intel NUC, 7th gen or higher

x86 processor

  * Wired internet connection

Not required, but provides easier setup and most consistent connection

  * Display screen and keyboard

Unless you're using DAppNode, or ssh/headless setup

### Step 2 ‚Äì Software

#### Option 1 ‚Äì DAppNode

When you're ready with your hardware, the DAppNode operating system can be
downloaded using any computer and installed onto a fresh SSD via a USB drive.

[DAppNode Setup(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.dappnode.io)

#### Option 2 ‚Äì Command line

For maximum control, experienced users may prefer using the command line
instead.

See our developer docs for more information on getting started with client
selection.

[`Command line setup`](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-
node/#spinning-up-node)

## Find some helpers

Online platforms such as Discord or Reddit are home to a large number of
community builders willing to help you with any questions you may encounter.

Don't go at it alone. If you have a question it's likely someone here can help
you find an answer.

[Join the DAppNode Discord(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.com/invite/dappnode)[Find online
communities](/en/community/online/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fenterprise-
eth.d2a3f314.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Further reading

  * [Mastering Ethereum - Should I Run a Full Node(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereumbook/ethereumbook/blob/develop/03clients.asciidoc#should-i-run-a-full-node) - _Andreas Antonopoulos_
  * [Ethereum on ARM - Quick Start Guide(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-on-arm-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
  * [The Limits to Blockchain Scalability(opens in a new tab)](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2021/05/23/scaling.html) - _Vitalik Buterin_

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fupgrade_rhino.06589fe8.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Stake your ETH

Though not required, with a node up and running you're one step closer to
staking your ETH to earn rewards and help contribute to a different component
of Ethereum security.

[Stake ETH](/en/staking/)

###
![ü•©](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f969.svg)Plan
on staking?

To maximize the efficiency of your validator, a minimum of 16 GB RAM is
recommended, but 32 GB is better, with a CPU benchmark score of 6667+ on
[cpubenchmark.net(opens in a new tab)](https://cpubenchmark.net). It is also
recommended that stakers have access to unlimited high-speed internet
bandwidth, though this is not an absolute requirement.

EthStaker goes into more detail in this hour long special - [How to shop for
Ethereum validator hardware(opens in a new tab)](https://youtu.be/C2wwu1IlhDc)

###
![ü•ß](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f967.svg)A
note on Raspberry Pi (ARM processor)

Raspberry Pis are lightweight and affordable computers, but they have
limitations that may impact the performance of your node. Though not currently
recommended for staking, these can be an excellent and inexpensive option for
running a node for personal use, with as little as 4 - 8 GB of RAM.

  * [Ethereum on ARM documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-on-arm-documentation.readthedocs.io/en/latest) - _Learn how to set up a node via the command line on a Raspberry Pi_
  * [Run a node with Raspberry Pi](/en/developers/tutorials/run-node-raspberry-pi/) - _Follow along here if tutorials are your preference_

## Test your Ethereum knowledge

Run a node

Question number 1:What benefits do you get from running your own node?

A

Censorship resistance

B

Sovereignty

C

Privacy

D

All of the above

Check answer

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Proof-of-stake (PoS)

A method by which a cryptocurrency blockchain protocol aims to achieve
distributed [consensus](/en/glossary/#consensus). PoS asks users to prove
ownership of a certain amount of cryptocurrency (their "stake" in the network)
in order to be able to participate in the validation of transactions. [More on
proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/).

### Staking

Depositing a quantity of [ether](/en/glossary/#ether) (your stake) to become a
validator and secure the [network](/en/glossary/#network). A validator checks
[transactions](/en/glossary/#transaction) and proposes
[blocks](/en/glossary/#block) under a [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos)
consensus model. Staking gives you an economic incentive to act in the best
interests of the network. You'll get rewards for carrying out your
[validator](/en/glossary/#validator) duties, but lose varying amounts of ETH
if you don't. [More on Ethereum staking](/en/staking/).

### Dapp

A dApp is a decentralized application that runs on a blockchain network,
offering services without a central controlling authority. [More on
decentralized applications](/en/dapps/).

### Peer-to-peer network

A network of computers (peers) that are collectively able to perform
functionalities without the need for centralized, server-based services.

