[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/unlocking-institutional-opportunities-
navigating-the-world-of-asset-tokenization) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise") | 10/18/2023 

# Unlocking Institutional Opportunities: Navigating the World of Asset
Tokenization

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/unlocking-institutional-opportunities-
navigating-the-world-of-asset-tokenization) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

In the rapidly evolving landscape of financial services, asset tokenization
has emerged as a pivotal force, promising transformative possibilities for
institutions. A recent report, co-authored by the Boston Consulting Group
(BCG) and investment firm ADDX, sends a clear signal of the industry’s
direction. It projects that the value of asset tokenization is poised to soar,
potentially reaching a staggering $16 trillion by the year 2030. Citi, a
global financial giant, forecasts $4 trillion to $5 trillion in tokenized
digital securities and $1 trillion in distributed ledger technology-based
trade finance volumes, all expected to materialize by the end of this decade.

This shift towards asset tokenization is not a speculative trend. It
represents a concrete manifestation of financial institutions recognizing the
potential and advantages that come with tokenizing assets. The foundations of
traditional finance are being reimagined, as the potential for liquidity,
efficiency, and accessibility takes center stage.

As this transformation gathers momentum, financial institutions find
themselves at a crossroads, faced with challenges and opportunities. As a
result, an increasing demand is emerging for tailored solutions that match
institutional requirements. In this blog post, we will delve into the world of
asset tokenization, simplifying its essence, exploring the challenges faced by
institutions, and explaining how Ledger empowers financial institutions to
navigate this landscape through Ledger Enterprise.

##### What is asset tokenization?

Tokenization at its core refers to the process of creating digital tokens on a
blockchain that serve as representations of real-world assets, whether
tangible or intangible. These tokens act as digital certificates of ownership,
encapsulating the value and rights associated with the underlying assets. For
financial institutions, this concept holds the potential to revolutionize the
way assets are managed, traded, and accessed.

Asset tokenization encompasses a diverse array of assets. It extends its
transformative reach to encompass traditional tangible assets such as real
estate, agricultural or mining commodities, and even analog artworks. In the
same breath, it also encompasses financial assets like equities and bonds, as
well as non-tangible assets such as digital art and intellectual property.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/Capture-
decran-2023-10-18-a-09.42.05-1024x572.png)

Asset tokenization doesn’t digitize assets for the sake of convenience; it
imbues these digital tokens with the full spectrum of ownership and legal
rights associated with the original assets. Holding a digital token on a
blockchain is equivalent to holding the physical asset itself but with the
added advantages of digital accessibility, enhanced liquidity, and
transparency.

The underlying blockchain technology acts as a public, immutable ledger that
safeguards the integrity of these tokens. This means that financial
institutions and investors alike can trust that their ownership of underlying
assets cannot be tampered with or compromised in any way.

##### The Challenges of Asset Tokenization for Financial Institutions

As financial institutions explore asset tokenization, they encounter several
key challenges that need addressing.

  1. **Complexity in Smart Contract Development:** One of the foremost challenges faced by financial institutions when venturing into asset tokenization is the complexity and cost associated with developing smart contracts. The expense and technical intricacies involved can be daunting, especially for institutions unaccustomed to blockchain development. 

  2. **Security Concerns:** Security is paramount when dealing with digital assets. The risk of breaches, fraud, and vulnerabilities in tokenized assets poses a significant threat.

  3. **Inefficient Token Lifecycle Management:** Managing the entire lifecycle of tokens, from issuance and trading to eventual redemption or transfer, can be cumbersome and inefficient. Traditional systems often lack the streamlined processes necessary for efficient token management. 

  4. **Technological Entry Barrier:** For many financial institutions, adopting blockchain and asset tokenization represents a significant technological leap. Overcoming the initial barriers of understanding, integration, and adaptation can be daunting.

  5. **Smart Contract and Token Governance:** Ensuring the governance and compliance of smart contracts and tokenized assets is a multifaceted challenge. Institutions must navigate the complex regulatory landscape while maintaining transparency and control over their digital assets. 

##### Tokenizing tomorrow with Ledger Enterprise: Seamless, Simple, Secure

In order to help financial institutions navigate the world of asset
tokenization, our goal is to provide a solution that offers **ease of use**
through a no-code UI and a no-tech Token Factory, a **one-stop shop** for
comprehensive token lifecycle and business management, as well as
**enterprise-grade** governance, finance-grade security, and cost-efficient
solutions that facilitate scalability and drive revenue growth.

To achieve this vision, we have forged strategic partnerships with industry
leaders Deloitte, Bitbond, Eniblock, and Tokeny, ensuring that our solution is
backed by unparalleled expertise and resources.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/Capture-
decran-2023-10-18-a-09.48.20-1024x527.png)

With the Ledger Enterprise platform, we offer a single, unified space to
launch and manage all aspects of your tokenization projects. No coding skills
are required.

**Protecting Your Tokens and Consumers:**

Our solution ensures that you can enter new markets and drive revenue without
exposing your brand’s reputation and digital assets to undue risks.

**Maintaining Full Control Every Step of the Way:**

We understand that control is essential. With our platform, you have the power
to implement your governance rules, track assets in real time, and make fully
informed decisions.

**A User-Friendly Experience:**

Navigating the world of asset tokenization has never been easier. Our platform
offers an intuitive and user-friendly interface that simplifies the entire
journey.

**Security by Design:**

Security is embedded in every aspect of our solution. You never leave the
secure environment of our ledger, ensuring that your assets and operations are
protected at all times.

With our comprehensive solution, we strive to provide financial institutions
with the tools they need to thrive in the world of asset tokenization. It’s
not just about simplifying the process; it’s about setting a new standard for
security, control, and ease of use in this rapidly evolving landscape. **Learn
more about how the Enterprise platform can help you with asset tokenization by
checking out our product demo
on[enterprise.ledger.com/tokenization](https://enterprise.ledger.com/tokenization/)**

##### Learn more about our partners

**Bitbond:** providing scalable tokenization infrastructure for financial
institutions and enterprises, with a proven track record supporting 30+
institutions since 2019. Bitbond also offers advisory services with end-to-end
support.

**Tokeny:** leading global provider of technology solutions that enable
securities issuers, agents and investors to seamlessly issue, manage, and
transfer digital assets on a secure and efficient blockchain infrastructure.

**Eniblock:** technology provider with 5+ years of experience building
scalable blockchain solutions for large European enterprises. Eniblock offers
enterprise-grade APIs and SDKs that make it easy to incorporate Web3
experiences into customer journeys.

**Deloitte:** Active in 150+ countries, leads in blockchain consultation and
audit services. Collaborating globally, Deloitte facilitates innovative
blockchain projects, guiding businesses and governments in leveraging digital
assets effectively.

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-
providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv "Ledger and Samsung
Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising Security to the Samsung
TV ")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 04/11/2024 

Ledger and Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncomp...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-
partnership-providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv "Ledger and
Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising Security to the
Samsung TV ")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

