[![Ledger](/ledger-logo-short-black.svg)![Ledger](/ledger-logo-long-
black.svg)](https://www.ledger.com)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](/products/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [See All Products](/ "See All Products")
    *  
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Our Blogs ](https://www.ledger.com/company-updates "Our Blogs ")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to buy")
    * [How to swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to swap")
    * [How to stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Entreprise Solution](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Entreprise Solution")
    * [Ledger Partners](https://www.ledger.com/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://www.ledger.com/co-branded-partnership "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * Français
    * Türkçe
    * Deutsch
    * Português
    * Español
    * Русский
    * 简体中文
    * 日本語
    * 한국어
    * العربية

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](/products/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [See All Products](/ "See All Products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Our Blogs ](https://www.ledger.com/company-updates "Our Blogs ")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to buy")
    * [How to swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to swap")
    * [How to stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Entreprise Solution](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Entreprise Solution")
    * [Ledger Partners](https://www.ledger.com/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://www.ledger.com/co-branded-partnership "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * Français
    * Türkçe
    * Deutsch
    * Português
    * Español
    * Русский
    * 简体中文
    * 日本語
    * 한국어
    * العربية

[![Ledger](/ledger-logo-short-black.svg)![Ledger](/ledger-logo-long-
black.svg)](https://www.ledger.com)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](/products/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [See All Products](/ "See All Products")
    *  
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Our Blogs ](https://www.ledger.com/company-updates "Our Blogs ")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to buy")
    * [How to swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to swap")
    * [How to stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Entreprise Solution](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Entreprise Solution")
    * [Ledger Partners](https://www.ledger.com/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://www.ledger.com/co-branded-partnership "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * Français
    * Türkçe
    * Deutsch
    * Português
    * Español
    * Русский
    * 简体中文
    * 日本語
    * 한국어
    * العربية

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](/products/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [See All Products](/ "See All Products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Our Blogs ](https://www.ledger.com/company-updates "Our Blogs ")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to buy")
    * [How to swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to swap")
    * [How to stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Entreprise Solution](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Entreprise Solution")
    * [Ledger Partners](https://www.ledger.com/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://www.ledger.com/co-branded-partnership "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * Français
    * Türkçe
    * Deutsch
    * Português
    * Español
    * Русский
    * 简体中文
    * 日本語
    * 한국어
    * العربية

# Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover

Restore access to your wallet without your Secret Recovery Phrase

Service provided by Coincover

See Bundle offers

![https://images.ctfassets.net/ge894kijjvls/14HiMXwxEwUO1R0ts6iWDQ/d77975f36086de1177d1fd8d4aa41998/iphone__1_.webp](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F14HiMXwxEwUO1R0ts6iWDQ%2Fd77975f36086de1177d1fd8d4aa41998%2Fiphone__1_.webp&w=828&q=75)

![https://images.ctfassets.net/ge894kijjvls/3mCqgU2DEkvbX4r0O2f0RA/706622f26d4a0d82362635ac8df781c0/nano.webp](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F3mCqgU2DEkvbX4r0O2f0RA%2F706622f26d4a0d82362635ac8df781c0%2Fnano.webp&w=828&q=75)

[See Bundle offers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover#offers)

## A digital backup for your wallet access

End-to-end encryption

Self-custody secured by your identity

Service provided by Coincover

## Never lose access to your wallet

Secure your peace of mind. Restore access to your crypto wallet in case of a
lost or out of reach Secret Recovery Phrase.

What is a Secret Recovery Phrase?

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F33A6EJWeLGPxM40DXVB5UX%2F89a6dc6434ad16cd4d822629d8334fab%2Fimage.png&w=96&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F33A6EJWeLGPxM40DXVB5UX%2F89a6dc6434ad16cd4d822629d8334fab%2Fimage.png&w=256&q=75)

michealwong.eth

@TravisHerron

Wrote a word twice 🤦‍♂️

![michealwong.eth](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F2IP3lS9mja3MiHg8DWouwP%2F0df0dd323999bb15266852972a6a6a05%2Ftweet1.webp&w=3840&q=75)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F303McdAbeE0JMMyftMGFvC%2Fee79dacf517ab8a3ba27e34fadee3759%2FLedger_Recover_-
_Lost_my_recovery_phrase_during_a_move_-
_Profile_pic.webp&w=96&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F303McdAbeE0JMMyftMGFvC%2Fee79dacf517ab8a3ba27e34fadee3759%2FLedger_Recover_-
_Lost_my_recovery_phrase_during_a_move_-_Profile_pic.webp&w=256&q=75)

Journalistbrah

@thecryptojourno

Wrote down my recovery phrase on a piece of paper which I lost during a move.

![Journalistbrah](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F132HNf2nEr60HC1INCzoaV%2F35c32774a7f835ea32b892d0bf98f32e%2FLedger_Recover_-
_Lost_my_recovery_phrase_during_a_move.webp&w=3840&q=75)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F2IwJMkqtOpeRJRqWIKn8CP%2Fb60d2cfc74cd5d5c10d0b65c6897f1f2%2FLedger_Recover_-
_Tweet_3_-_Wrote_down_with_some_tricks_-
_Profile_pic.webp&w=96&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F2IwJMkqtOpeRJRqWIKn8CP%2Fb60d2cfc74cd5d5c10d0b65c6897f1f2%2FLedger_Recover_-
_Tweet_3_-_Wrote_down_with_some_tricks_-_Profile_pic.webp&w=256&q=75)

Bret Woods

@fewture

Wrote my recovery phrase down with some tricks. Forgot the tricks.

![Bret
Woods](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F32rNpiCP3tXX8alo8YZSYR%2Fd3630b9bf776938008ae0b7354e334f8%2FLedger_Recover_-
_Tweet_3_-_Wrote_down_with_some_tricks.webp&w=3840&q=75)

## Restore access to your wallet whenever you need it

What makes an encrypted backup secure?

  * Security

**No compromise on security.** Your digital access is protected with end-to-
end encryption protocol, safeguarding your data and keeping it secure.

  * Peace of mind

**Self-custody without anxiety.** Restore access to your wallet wherever you
need it, ensuring your digital assets are always within reach.

  * Ease of use

**Your identity is the key to your wallet.** Simply restore access to your
wallet with Ledger Recover through Ledger Live with your identity.

## Save 2 months off on annual plans

### when you get a Ledger Recover subscription with a Ledger Nano crypto
wallet

![Matte
Black](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.shopify.com%2Fs%2Ffiles%2F1%2F2974%2F4858%2Fproducts%2FLedger_Nano_S_Plus_Matte_Black.png%3Fv%3D1698056435&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2FkxtRhex3KELWB5ip8sz1x%2F2772d0f7551a3e1f39b0b82853fd482e%2Fimage.png&w=384&q=75)

Ledger Nano S Plus

\+ 1 year of Ledger Recover

1,566 Reviews

USB-CmacOSWindowsAndroid5000+ coins supported

Ledger Recover benefits

Secured wallet access1-year subscription

Color

  * Matte Black
  * Pastel Green
  * Amethyst Purple
  * Retro Gaming
  * BTC Orange

Matte Black

Loading

Save 2 months off Ledger Recover

Add to cart

Free shipping

Most popular

![Onyx
Black](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.shopify.com%2Fs%2Ffiles%2F1%2F2974%2F4858%2Fproducts%2FLedger_Nano_X_Onyx_Black.png%3Fv%3D1658828796&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2FkxtRhex3KELWB5ip8sz1x%2F2772d0f7551a3e1f39b0b82853fd482e%2Fimage.png&w=384&q=75)

Ledger Nano X

\+ 1 year of Ledger Recover

11,440 Reviews

BluetoothUSB-CmacOSWindowsiOSAndroid5000+ coins supported

Ledger Recover benefits

Secured wallet access1-year subscription

Color

  * Onyx Black
  * Pastel Green
  * Amethyst Purple
  * Retro Gaming
  * BTC Orange

Onyx Black

Loading

Save 2 months off Ledger Recover

Add to cart

Free shipping

Ledger Recover availability depends on the country/region where your identity
document is issued. Visit
[here](https://support.ledger.com/hc/articles/16862394348829?docs=true) for
country/region availability. Subscription requires a valid passport or
national identity card. Valid driver's licenses also accepted for Canadian and
US users. Subscriptions are non-refundable except where statutory
refund/cancellation rights apply. Redeem codes are valid for 1 year from
purchase date. Subscriptions operate on an automatic renewal basis. Please
note that while the redeem code purchase is charged in your local currency,
any monthly renewal payment will be processed in EUR (Euros). Due to
fluctuating exchange rates, the price in your local currency may vary at the
time of each payment and you may incur additional fees from your bank for
currency conversion. Cancel anytime to prevent future charges. By clicking
”Add to cart”, you agree to accept these terms and the [Ledger Recover Redeem
Code T&Cs here](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover-redeem-code-
terms-and-conditions).

Service provided by Coincover

![Recover Landing Page Free trial
illustration](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F5eHCizr8vVi51w4zXKsnT0%2F3476aeafd81f22d0517b1b3adce004b2%2Fnano_x_validation_from_top.webp&w=256&q=75)

Already have a Ledger Nano device?

Try Ledger Recover today directly in Ledger Live!

Start your free trial

## Frequently Asked Questions

About Ledger Recover

Restrictions

Managing Ledger Recover subscription

Setting up Ledger Recover

Managing Ledger Recover password

Recovering access to your wallet

Data & Privacy

* ### What is Ledger Recover?

Ledger Recover is an ID-based key recovery service that provides a backup for
your Secret Recovery Phrase. If you lose or don't have access to your Secret
Recovery Phrase, the service allows you to securely restore your private keys
using a Ledger device.

* ### Why do I need Ledger Recover?

You’re responsible for storing your Secret Recovery Phrase. While this setup
makes you enjoy all the benefits of self-custody and complete control over
your assets, it also makes you solely responsible for their protection. Ledger
Recover is designed for users who want to add an enhanced layer of security in
case their Secret Recovery Phrase is lost or when they can't access it.

* ### Who has access to my wallet with Ledger Recover?

In short, only you can access your wallet. When you subscribe to Ledger
Recover, a pre-BIP39 version of your private key is encrypted, duplicated and
divided into three fragments, with each fragment secured by a separate
company—Coincover, Ledger and EscrowTech. Each of these encrypted fragments is
useless on its own. When you want to get access to your wallet, 2 of the 3
parties will send fragments back to your Ledger device, reassembling them to
build your private key.

* ### What would happen to my Ledger Recover subscription and related data if one of the companies goes out of business?

To restore your keys, you need two out of three fragments that are securely
kept by the three independent and trusted companies. If one of the companies
holding a fragment shuts down, you will still be able to restore your keys
until another trusted company replaces it.

* ### What should I do with my recovery sheet once I subscribe to Ledger Recover?

Ledger Recover can restore your private keys to your device, but it can't
provide you with your Secret Recovery Phrase. If you have any other
physical/digital copies of your recovery sheet or Secret Recovery Phrase, it's
your responsibility to secure them. Keep in mind that anyone who obtains your
Secret Recovery Phrase can access your wallet.

* ### What is Coincover?

Coincover provides the gold standard in digital asset security, addressing the
most significant barrier to mainstream adoption: trust. If wallet access is
lost, Coincover offers encrypted and military-grade storage for retrieving the
key.

* ### What Ledger devices are compatible with Ledger Recover?

Ledger Recover is compatible with Ledger Nano X (through the Ledger Live
desktop and mobile app) and with Ledger Nano S Plus (through the Ledger Live
desktop app only). Soon, it will also be compatible with Ledger Stax. ⚠ Ledger
Recover isn't compatible with Ledger Nano S.

* ### In which countries/regions is Ledger Recover available?

Ledger Recover availability depends on the country/region in which your
passport, national identity card, or driver’s license was issued. Ledger
Recover is currently available in the following countries/regions:

  * **Passport, national identity card, or driver's license:** Canada, United States.

  * **Passport or national identity card:** Countries in the European Union, United Kingdom.

  * **Passport:** Argentina, Australia, Brazil, China, Colombia, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Nigeria, Singapore, South Africa, Korea (Republic of), Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, Türkiye, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, Vietnam.

We will be covering more countries/regions and adding support for more
documents. Stay tuned.

* ### Can I have multiple Ledger Recover subscriptions?

Currently, you can set up a backup for one Secret Recovery Phrase per
subscription.

* ### Is Ledger Recover available both on desktop and mobile?

With Ledger Nano X, Ledger Recover is available on the Ledger Live desktop and
mobile app. With Ledger Nano S Plus, the service is available on desktop only.

* ### Is Ledger Recover available to B2B businesses such as companies, enterprises, or institutions?

Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover, is an ID-based key recovery service
that provides a backup for your Secret Recovery Phrase, and is a dedicated
service for individual consumers. It is not designed for use by enterprises,
companies, businesses, or institutions and considering how it is set up, we
advise against using it for organisations that often have specific governance
needs.

Please contact [**Ledger
Support**](https://enterprise.ledger.com/support/#request-a-quote) for
additional information. If you are an organisation, to learn more about B2B
solutions that can help you manage your digital assets, we encourage you to
explore [**Ledger Enterprise**](https://enterprise.ledger.com/) to discover
tailored services that meet your organisational needs.

* ### How and when can I cancel my Ledger Recover subscription?

You can cancel your subscription anytime. Access your Ledger Recover
subscription homepage in My Ledger tab, and navigate to **Manage subscription
- > Delete Ledger Recover login**.** ** You will receive an email with a link
to unsubscribe. Please ensure that you have your Secret Recovery Phrase before
canceling your subscription.

* ### What happens if I stop paying my subscription?

If you don't update your payment info and pay the subscription within 7 days,
you won't be able to restore your private keys using Ledger Recover. If you
don't regularize your payment within 3 months, your subscription will be
suspended. After your subscription is suspended, you have 9 months to contact
Ledger Recover Support and reactivate your subscription. You will need to pay
an administration fee of 50 EUR along with any outstanding balance.

* ### How long is my Secret Recovery Phrase secured by Ledger Recover?

As long as you're subscribed to the service.

* ### What payment methods are accepted?

Visa and MasterCard. Payments are settled in the currency of your country of
residence. For example, if you're based in the United States, you will pay in
the US dollar. In the event of a rejected payment, please contact your bank
directly. For any other issues related to credit card payments, reach out to
Ledger Recover Support.

* ### What duties and taxes will I have to pay?

You may have VAT/GST or other taxes to pay depending on your country of
residence.

* ### Is Ledger Recover available both on desktop and mobile?

With Ledger Nano X, Ledger Recover is available on the Ledger Live desktop and
mobile app. With Ledger Nano S Plus, the service is available on desktop only.

* ### Which documents are accepted for identity verification?

A passport/national identity card issued by the EU, the UK, Canada, and the
US, or a driver's license issued in Canada or the US, is required to subscribe
to the service.

* ### What is the difference between Ledger Recover identity verification and KYC?

Identity verification is not the same as KYC. Identity verification inherently
collects much less information compared to KYC. To go through Ledger Recover
identity verification you need a valid, government-issued document and be the
rightful owner of that document. KYC involves ID verification but it can also
include revenue information, record of criminal activity, citizenship check,
etc. Again, Ledger Recover uses identity verification, not KYC.

* ### How are the three fragments of my Secret Recovery Phrase secured?

Ledger Recover is provided by Coincover. When you subscribe to the service,
your Ledger device after your approval will encrypt the entropy of your Secret
Recovery Phrase—a string of random 1s and 0s from which your Secret Recovery
Phrase is computed. The encrypted entropy is fragmented into three pieces
within the Secure Element chip. Your Ledger device will send the fragments to
3 separate and independent companies that will store them using Hardware
Security Modules.

* ### How can I delete my Ledger Recover login?

You first need to cancel your Ledger Recover subscription, and then your login
will be automatically deleted.

* ### How can I update Ledger Recover password?

Log in to Ledger Recover to update your password.

* ### I forgot my password. Can I reset it?

You can reset your password by clicking the Forgot password button on the
login page or navigating to Manage subscription -> Send email to change
password and following the instructions.

* ### What if someone gets access to my wallet using Ledger Recover?

Ledger Recover comprises extensive identity verification processes—performed
by Coincover within a secure environment built by Ledger. As an added layer of
protection, subject to investigation, $50,000 compensation may be available
from Coincover in the unlikely event that something were to go wrong.

* ### How many times per month/year can I try to recover access to my wallet?

You can try to recover access to your wallet up to 3 times per month and up to
10 times per year.

* ### Do I need a new Ledger device to recover access to my wallet?

Using a new device makes the process as safe as possible. Another option is to
reset an already-used device to its factory settings.

* ### How can I recover access to my wallet?

The steps are as follows: - Get a new Ledger device. -Open the Ledger Live
mobile app and navigate to My Ledger -> Ledger Recover. - Go through
reasonable checks to verify your identity. - Follow the onscreen instructions.

* ### What is a One-Time Security Code?

One-Time Security Code provides an additional level of security to Ledger
Recover. The code will be displayed on the Ledger device that you're using to
recover access to your wallet. You'll be asked to provide the code during the
identity verification process. If you can't provide the code, you'll need to
start over. ⚠ Do not share or use the code in any other way. Only use a code
that is displayed on your Ledger device.

* ### Why do I need to provide my identity information to subscribe to Ledger Recover?

Ledger Recover uses ID verification because we believe in self-custody and
individual autonomy. Unlike the full KYC process, ID verifications are less
complicated and reveal only the necessary information.

* ### Does Ledger Recover store my personal data?

Your identity details are collected by Ledger Recover ID verification service
providers. Coincover and Ledger store an encrypted excerpt of this data. Only
authorized third parties have access to it. To learn more about how we collect
and use this information, please read our [Privacy
Policy](https://www.ledger.com/recover/privacy-policy).

* ### Where can I find Ledger Recover Terms & Conditions?

You can find the Terms and Conditions here: [Terms &
Conditions](https://www.coincover.com/ledger-recover-terms-and-conditions)

* ### How does Coincover handle formal subpoenas/warrants from governmental agencies under Ledger Recover?

You can find more information in [Coincover
FAQs](https://www.coincover.com/faq).

### About Ledger Recover

### Restrictions

### Managing Ledger Recover subscription

### Setting up Ledger Recover

### Managing Ledger Recover password

### Recovering access to your wallet

### Data & Privacy

### Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover

Service provided by Coincover

See Bundle offers

#### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog.

Press contact: [media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [GitHub](https://github.com/LedgerHQ "GitHub")
  * [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger "Facebook")
  * [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/ledger "Instagram")
  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Twitter")
  * [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "YouTube")
  * [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "LinkedIn")
  * [TikTok](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "TikTok")
  * [Discord](https://developers.ledger.com/discord-pro "Discord")

#### Subscribe to our newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

Register to newsletter

[![Ledger](/ledger-logo-long-white.svg)](https://www.ledger.com)

English

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS

1 rue du mail, 75002, Paris, France

Payment methods

![paypal](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
paypal-s.png&w=96&q=75)![crypto.com](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
crypto-s.png&w=256&q=75)![bitpay](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
bitpay-s.png&w=96&q=75)

![maestro](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
maestro-s.png&w=48&q=75)![master
card](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
mastercard-s.png&w=48&q=75)![carte
bancaire](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
cb-s.png&w=48&q=75)![visa](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Flogo-
visa-s.png&w=64&q=75)![american
expresss](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2FpaymentsLogo%2Famerican-
express.png&w=48&q=100)

Products

[Ledger Stax](/products/ledger-stax)[Ledger Nano X](/pages/ledger-
nano-x)[Ledger Nano S Plus](/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)[Compare our
devices](/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)[Bundles](/#category-
bundle)[Accessories](/#category-accessories)[All
products](/)[Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live/)

Crypto Assets

[Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin/)[Ethereum
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum/)[Cardano
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano/)[XRP](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple/)[Monero
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)[USDT
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)[See all
assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets/)

Crypto services

[Crypto prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)[Buy
crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)[Staking
crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)[Swap
crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

For Business

[Ledger Enterprise Solution](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

For Startups

[Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-
fund)

For Developers

[The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

Get started

[Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start/)[Compatible
wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services/)[How
to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/)[Guide before buying
bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)[Bitcoin Hardware
Wallet](/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

See also

[Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us)[Bounty
Program](https://www.ledger.com/bounty-
program/)[Resellers](https://www.ledger.com/reseller)[Ledger Press
Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)[Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)[Status](https://status.ledger.com/)[Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/)[Partners](https://www.ledger.com/partners/)

Careers

[Join us](https://careers.ledger.com/homepage)[All
jobs](https://careers.ledger.com/jobs/search)

About

[Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)[Ledger
Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/)[The
company](https://www.ledger.com/the-company/)[The
people](https://www.ledger.com/the-people-behind-
ledger/)[Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)[Our
blogs](https://www.ledger.com/blogs)

Legal

[Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)[Sales Terms and
Conditions](/pages/terms-and-conditions)[Privacy
Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-
policy)[Disclaimers](/pages/disclaimers)

Products

  * [Ledger Stax](/products/ledger-stax)
  * [Ledger Nano X](/pages/ledger-nano-x)
  * [Ledger Nano S Plus](/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
  * [Compare our devices](/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
  * [Bundles](/#category-bundle)
  * [Accessories](/#category-accessories)
  * [All products](/)
  * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live/)

Crypto Assets

  * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin/)
  * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum/)
  * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano/)
  * [XRP](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple/)
  * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
  * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
  * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets/)

Crypto services

  * [Crypto prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
  * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
  * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
  * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

For Business

  * [Ledger Enterprise Solution](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

For Startups

  * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

For Developers

  * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

Get started

  * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start/)
  * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services/)
  * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/)
  * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
  * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

See also

  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us)
  * [Bounty Program](https://www.ledger.com/bounty-program/)
  * [Resellers](https://www.ledger.com/reseller)
  * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
  * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
  * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
  * [Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/)
  * [Partners](https://www.ledger.com/partners/)

Careers

  * [Join us](https://careers.ledger.com/homepage)
  * [All jobs](https://careers.ledger.com/jobs/search)

About

  * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
  * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/)
  * [The company](https://www.ledger.com/the-company/)
  * [The people](https://www.ledger.com/the-people-behind-ledger/)
  * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
  * [Our blogs](https://www.ledger.com/blogs)

Legal

  * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
  * [Sales Terms and Conditions](/pages/terms-and-conditions)
  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
  * [Disclaimers](/pages/disclaimers)

## What is a Secret Recovery Phrase?

###### Your Secret Recovery Phrase is a unique 24-word phrase that is
generated when you first set up your Nano.

This phrase serves as the backup of your wallet’s private keys, allowing you
to securely restore your wallet access even without your original device. Keep
your Secret Recovery Phrase safe! Never share it with anyone. Secure your
peace of mind with Ledger Recover and never worry about losing access to your
wallet.

Continue shopping

## A high-end encryption process

Following your approval, your Ledger device encrypts your Secret Recovery
Phrase. This encryption is fragmented into three pieces within the Secure
Element chip.

These fragments become the backup for your Secret Recovery Phrase.

Each fragment is then securely distributed using end-to-end encrypted and
authenticated channels to the Hardware Security Modules (HSMs) of three
independent companies.

Continue shopping

## Start your free trial today!

Scan to go to the Ledger Live mobile app.

![Ledger Live
Mobile](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F6OW7bJZb7uT5BlbAklHGhZ%2Fabdaf5f4708a8902b30f01182a6aa391%2FFrame_1000002204__1_.png&w=640&q=75)

[![](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fapp-store-
download.png&w=384&q=75)](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live)[![](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fgoogle-
play-
download.png&w=384&q=75)](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live)

Or access it on Ledger Live Desktop.

![Ledger Live
Desktop](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fimages.ctfassets.net%2Fge894kijjvls%2F7wJNa96Mznl2hvcPicfRXs%2F50480beaa91c53257b308d30410b6c76%2FFrame_1000002205__1_.png&w=640&q=75)

Download the app

Continue shopping

