[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

[HIP 51 has been approved by the Community.Read more
here](https://github.com/helium/HIP/blob/main/0051-helium-dao.md)

# The New Wireless Economy.

![Helium Logo, DC Logo](/_next/static/media/hntheader.16bd2180.svg)

### The Helium Network utilizes a Burn-and-Mint Equilibrium model, which is
accomplished through multiple tokens.

### HNT is burned out of circulation in order to use the Network. Data Credits
are created through the burning of HNT and have a fixed USD value.

[![Coimmarket Cap
Logo](/_next/static/media/coinmarketcap.8ef39df3.svg)](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/helium/)[![Coingecko
Logo](/_next/static/media/coingecko.b5755446.svg)](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/helium)

![Diagonal Stripe](/_next/static/media/1dtri.bec65256.svg)

# HNT

The Helium Network Token ("HNT") is the native cryptocurrency of the Helium
Network and is the only token that can be burned to create Data Credits and
send device data. Subnetwork tokens (IOT and MOBILE) are backed and redeemable
for HNT.

There is no pre-mine of HNT, and a max supply of 223M HNT.

[HNT](https://docs.helium.com/hnt-token/)[IOT](https://docs.helium.com/iot-
token/)[MOBILE](https://docs.helium.com/mobile-token/)

![Helium
Hotspots](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fminer4.d9ba3645.png&w=1920&q=75)

![Data Credits](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdc-
header.be6fe867.jpg&w=1920&q=75)

# Data Credits

Data Credits are the only payment accepted to send data over the The People's
Network.

![Data Credits](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdc-
header.be6fe867.jpg&w=1920&q=75)

* * *

Data Credits allow users to transfer bytes of data via Helium. The price of
Data Credits is fixed in USD (1 Data Credit = $0.00001). Like pre-paid
cellphone minutes or airline miles, Data Credits are non-transferrable, and
can only be used by their original owner.

To acquire Data Credits, network users convert HNT or obtain them from an HNT
owner. Any HNT converted to Data Credits is permanently removed (“burned”)
from the circulating supply.

![Diagram showing how HNT is burned to create DC. DC in turn is burned in
order to use the network](/_next/static/media/CreateDC.d5e29930.svg)

![Diagram showing how HNT is burned to create DC. DC in turn is burned in
order to use the network](/_next/static/media/todcsm.e3f632e5.svg)

## Burn-And-Mint Equilibrium

Burn-And-Mint Equilbrium (BME) is token economic structure utilizing two token
types.

The following articles explain more how this works.

![Messari Logo](/_next/static/media/messari.5e8a7a9a.svg)

Messari

Burn-and-Mint Equilibrium

[](https://messari.io/article/burn-and-mint-equilibrium)

![Multicoin Capital Logo](/_next/static/media/multicoin.e639f012.svg)

Multicoin Capital

New Models for Utility Tokens

[](https://multicoin.capital/2018/02/13/new-models-utility-tokens/)

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

