Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Smart contract security

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
May 22, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Guidelines for building secure Ethereum smart contracts
    * 1\. Design proper access controls
    * 2\. Use require(), assert(), and revert() statements to guard contract operations
    * 3\. Test smart contracts and verify code correctness
    * 4\. Ask for an independent review of your code
    * 5\. Follow best practices during smart contract development
    * 6\. Implement robust disaster recovery plans
    * 7\. Design secure governance systems
    * 8\. Reduce complexity in code to a minimum
    * 9\. Defend against common smart contract vulnerabilities
  * Smart contract security resources for developers
    * Tools for analyzing smart contracts and verifying code correctness
    * Tools for monitoring smart contracts
    * Tools for secure administration of smart contracts
    * Smart contract auditing services
    * Bug bounty platforms
    * Publications of known smart contract vulnerabilities and exploits
    * Challenges for learning smart contract security
    * Best practices for securing smart contracts
    * Tutorials on smart contract security

Smart contracts are extremely flexible, and capable of controlling large
amounts of value and data, while running immutable logic based on code
deployed on the blockchain. This has created a vibrant ecosystem of trustless
and decentralized applications that provide many advantages over legacy
systems. They also represent opportunities for attackers looking to profit by
exploiting vulnerabilities in smart contracts.

Public blockchains, like Ethereum, further complicate the issue of securing
smart contracts. Deployed contract code _usually_ cannot be changed to patch
security flaws, while assets stolen from smart contracts are extremely
difficult to track and mostly irrecoverable due to immutability.

Although figures vary, it is estimated that the total amount of value stolen
or lost due to security defects in smart contracts is easily over $1 billion.
This includes high-profile incidents, such as the [DAO hack(opens in a new
tab)](https://hackingdistributed.com/2016/06/18/analysis-of-the-dao-exploit/)
(3.6M ETH stolen, worth over $1B in today’s prices), [Parity multi-sig wallet
hack(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coindesk.com/30-million-ether-reported-
stolen-parity-wallet-breach) ($30M lost to hackers), and the [Parity frozen
wallet issue(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/nov/08/cryptocurrency-300m-dollars-
stolen-bug-ether) (over $300M in ETH locked forever).

The aforementioned issues make it imperative for developers to invest effort
in building secure, robust, and resilient smart contracts. Smart contract
security is serious business, and one that every developer will do well to
learn. This guide will cover security considerations for Ethereum developers
and explore resources for improving smart contract security.

## Prerequisites

Make sure you’re familiar with the [fundamentals of smart contract
development](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/) before tackling security.

## Guidelines for building secure Ethereum smart contracts

### 1\. Design proper access controls

In smart contracts, functions marked `public` or `external` can be called by
any externally owned accounts (EOAs) or contract accounts. Specifying public
visibility for functions is necessary if you want others to interact with your
contract. Functions marked `private` however can only be called by functions
within the smart contract, and not external accounts. Giving every network
participant access to contract functions can cause problems, especially if it
means anyone can perform sensitive operations (e.g., minting new tokens).

To prevent unauthorized use of smart contract functions, it is necessary to
implement secure access controls. Access control mechanisms restrict the
ability to use certain functions in a smart contract to approved entities,
such as accounts responsible for managing the contract. The **Ownable
pattern** and **role-based control** are two patterns useful for implementing
access control in smart contracts:

#### Ownable pattern

In the Ownable pattern, an address is set as the “owner” of the contract
during the contract-creation process. Protected functions are assigned an
`OnlyOwner` modifier, which ensures the contract authenticates the identity of
the calling address before executing the function. Calls to protected
functions from other addresses aside from the contract owner always revert,
preventing unwanted access.

#### Role-based access control

Registering a single address as `Owner` in a smart contract introduces the
risk of centralization and represents a single point-of-failure. If the
owner’s account keys are compromised, attackers can attack the owned contract.
This is why using a role-based access control pattern with multiple
administrative accounts may be a better option.

In role-based access control, access to sensitive functions is distributed
between a set of trusted participants. For instance, one account may be
responsible for minting tokens, while another account performs upgrades or
pauses the contract. Decentralizing access control this way eliminates single
points of failure and reduces trust assumptions for users.

##### Using multi-signature wallets

Another approach for implementing secure access control is using a [multi-
signature account](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/#multisig) to manage a
contract. Unlike a regular EOA, multi-signature accounts are owned by multiple
entities and require signatures from a minimum number of accounts—say
3-of-5—to execute transactions.

Using a multisig for access control introduces an extra layer of security
since actions on the target contract require consent from multiple parties.
This is particularly useful if using the Ownable pattern is necessary, as it
makes it more difficult for an attacker or rogue insider to manipulate
sensitive contract functions for malicious purposes.

### 2\. Use require(), assert(), and revert() statements to guard contract
operations

As mentioned, anyone can call public functions in your smart contract once it
is deployed on the blockchain. Since you cannot know in advance how external
accounts will interact with a contract, it is ideal to implement internal
safeguards against problematic operations before deploying. You can enforce
correct behavior in smart contracts by using the `require()`, `assert()`, and
`revert()` statements to trigger exceptions and revert state changes if
execution fails to satisfy certain requirements.

**`require()`** : `require` are defined at the start of functions and ensures
predefined conditions are met before the called function is executed. A
`require` statement can be used to validate user inputs, check state
variables, or authenticate the identity of the calling account before
progressing with a function.

**`assert()`** : `assert()` is used to detect internal errors and check for
violations of “invariants” in your code. An invariant is a logical assertion
about a contract’s state that should hold true for all function executions. An
example invariant is the maximum total supply or balance of a token contract.
Using `assert()` ensures that your contract never reaches a vulnerable state,
and if it does, all changes to state variables are rolled back.

**`revert()`** : `revert()` can be used in an if-else statement that triggers
an exception if the required condition is not satisfied. The sample contract
below uses `revert()` to guard the execution of functions:

    
    
    1pragma solidity ^0.8.4;
    
    2
    
    3contract VendingMachine {
    
    4    address owner;
    
    5    error Unauthorized();
    
    6    function buy(uint amount) public payable {
    
    7        if (amount > msg.value / 2 ether)
    
    8            revert("Not enough Ether provided.");
    
    9        // Perform the purchase.
    
    10    }
    
    11    function withdraw() public {
    
    12        if (msg.sender != owner)
    
    13            revert Unauthorized();
    
    14
    
    15        payable(msg.sender).transfer(address(this).balance);
    
    16    }
    
    17}
    
    Show all

### 3\. Test smart contracts and verify code correctness

The immutability of code running in the [Ethereum Virtual
Machine](/en/developers/docs/evm/) means smart contracts demand a higher level
of quality assessment during the development phase. Testing your contract
extensively and observing it for any unexpected results will improve security
a great deal and protect your users in the long run.

The usual method is to write small unit tests using mock data that the
contract is expected to receive from users. [Unit
testing](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/#unit-testing) is good
for testing the functionality of certain functions and ensuring a smart
contract works as expected.

Unfortunately, unit testing is minimally effective for improving smart
contract security when used in isolation. A unit test might prove a function
executes properly for mock data, but unit tests are only as effective as the
tests that are written. This makes it difficult to detect missed edge cases
and vulnerabilities that could break the safety of your smart contract.

A better approach is to combine unit testing with property-based testing
performed using [static and dynamic analysis](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/testing/#static-dynamic-analysis). Static analysis relies on low-
level representations, such as [control flow graphs(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Control-flow_graph) and [abstract syntax
trees(opens in a new tab)](https://deepsource.io/glossary/ast/) to analyze
reachable program states and execution paths. Meanwhile, dynamic analysis
techniques, such as [smart contract fuzzing(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.cyfrin.io/blog/smart-contract-fuzzing-and-invariants-
testing-foundry), execute contract code with random input values to detect
operations that violate security properties.

[Formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/formal-
verification/) is another technique for verifying security properties in smart
contracts. Unlike regular testing, formal verification can conclusively prove
the absence of errors in a smart contract. This is achieved by creating a
formal specification that captures desired security properties and proving
that a formal model of the contracts adheres to this specification.

### 4\. Ask for an independent review of your code

After testing your contract, it is good to ask others to check the source code
for any security issues. Testing will not uncover every flaw in a smart
contract, but getting an independent review increases the possibility of
spotting vulnerabilities.

#### Audits

Commissioning a smart contract audit is one way of conducting an independent
code review. Auditors play an important role in ensuring that smart contracts
are secure and free from quality defects and design errors.

That said, you should avoid treating audits as a silver bullet. Smart contract
audits won't catch every bug and are mostly designed to provide an additional
round of reviews, which can help detect issues missed by developers during
initial development and testing. You should also follow best practices for
working with auditors, such as documenting code properly and adding inline
comments, to maximize the benefit of a smart contract audit.

  * [Smart contract auditing tips & tricks(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/tinchoabbate/status/1400170232904400897) \- _@tinchoabbate_
  * [Make the most out of your audit(opens in a new tab)](https://inference.ag/blog/2023-08-14-tips/) \- _Inference_

#### Bug bounties

Setting up a bug bounty program is another approach for implementing external
code reviews. A bug bounty is a financial reward given to individuals (usually
whitehat hackers) that discover vulnerabilities in an application.

When used properly, bug bounties give members of the hacker community
incentive to inspect your code for critical flaws. A real-life example is the
“infinite money bug” that would have let an attacker create an unlimited
amount of Ether on [Optimism(opens in a new tab)](https://www.optimism.io/), a
[Layer 2](/en/layer-2/) protocol running on Ethereum. Fortunately, a whitehat
hacker [discovered the flaw(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.saurik.com/optimism.html) and notified the team, [earning a
large payout in the process(opens in a new
tab)](https://cryptoslate.com/critical-bug-in-ethereum-l2-optimism-2m-bounty-
paid/).

A useful strategy is to set the payout of a bug bounty program in proportion
to the amount of funds at stake. Described as the “[scaling bug bounty(opens
in a new tab)](https://medium.com/immunefi/a-defi-security-standard-the-
scaling-bug-bounty-9b83dfdc1ba7)”, this approach provides financial incentives
for individuals to responsibly disclose vulnerabilities instead of exploiting
them.

### 5\. Follow best practices during smart contract development

The existence of audits and bug bounties doesn’t excuse your responsibility to
write high-quality code. Good smart contract security starts with following
proper design and development processes:

  * Store all code in a version control system, such as git

  * Make all code modifications via pull requests

  * Ensure pull requests have at least one independent reviewer—if you are working solo on a project, consider finding other developers and trade code reviews

  * Use a [development environment](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/) for testing, compiling, deploying smart contracts

  * Run your code through basic code analysis tools, such as, [Cyfrin Aaderyn(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Cyfrin/aderyn), Mythril and Slither. Ideally, you should do this before each pull request is merged and compare differences in output

  * Ensure your code compiles without errors, and the Solidity compiler emits no warnings

  * Properly document your code (using [NatSpec(opens in a new tab)](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/develop/natspec-format.html)) and describe details about the contract architecture in easy-to-understand language. This will make it easier for others to audit and review your code.

### 6\. Implement robust disaster recovery plans

Designing secure access controls, implementing function modifiers, and other
suggestions can improve smart contract security, but they cannot rule out the
possibility of malicious exploits. Building secure smart contracts requires
“preparing for failure” and having a fallback plan for responding effectively
to attacks. A proper disaster recovery plan will incorporate some or all of
the following components:

#### Contract upgrades

While Ethereum smart contracts are immutable by default, it is possible to
achieve some degree of mutability by using upgrade patterns. Upgrading
contracts is necessary in cases where a critical flaw renders your old
contract unusable and deploying new logic is the most feasible option.

Contract upgrade mechanisms work differently, but the “proxy pattern” is one
of the more popular approaches for upgrading smart contracts. [Proxy
patterns(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cyfrin.io/blog/upgradeable-proxy-
smart-contract-pattern) split an application’s state and logic between _two_
contracts. The first contract (called a ‘proxy contract’) stores state
variables (e.g., user balances), while the second contract (called a ‘logic
contract’) holds the code for executing contract functions.

Accounts interact with the proxy contract, which dispatches all function calls
to the logic contract using the [`delegatecall()`(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.16/introduction-to-smart-
contracts.html?highlight=delegatecall#delegatecall-callcode-and-libraries)
low-level call. Unlike a regular message call, `delegatecall()` ensures the
code running at the logic contract’s address is executed in the context of the
calling contract. This means the logic contract will always write to the
proxy’s storage (instead of its own storage) and the original values of
`msg.sender` and `msg.value` are preserved.

Delegating calls to the logic contract requires storing its address in the
proxy contract's storage. Hence, upgrading the contract's logic is only a
matter of deploying another logic contract and storing the new address in the
proxy contract. As subsequent calls to the proxy contract are automatically
routed to the new logic contract, you would have “upgraded” the contract
without actually modifying the code.

[More on upgrading contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/).

#### Emergency stops

As mentioned, extensive auditing and testing cannot possibly discover all bugs
in a smart contract. If a vulnerability appears in your code after deployment,
patching it is impossible since you cannot change the code running at the
contract address. Also, upgrade mechanisms (e.g., proxy patterns) may take
time to implement (they often require approval from different parties), which
only gives attackers more time to cause more damage.

The nuclear option is to implement an “emergency stop” function that blocks
calls to vulnerable functions in a contract. Emergency stops typically
comprise the following components:

  1. A global Boolean variable indicating if the smart contract is in a stopped state or not. This variable is set to `false` when setting up the contract, but will revert to `true` once the contract is stopped.

  2. Functions that reference the Boolean variable in their execution. Such functions are accessible when the smart contract is not stopped, and become inaccessible when the emergency stop feature is triggered.

  3. An entity that has access to the emergency stop function, which sets the Boolean variable to `true`. To prevent malicious actions, calls to this function can be restricted to a trusted address (e.g., the contract owner).

Once the contract activates the emergency stop, certain functions will not be
callable. This is achieved by wrapping select functions in a modifier that
references the global variable. Below is [an example(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/fravoll/solidity-
patterns/blob/master/EmergencyStop/EmergencyStop.sol) describing an
implementation of this pattern in contracts:

    
    
    1// This code has not been professionally audited and makes no promises about safety or correctness. Use at your own risk.
    
    2
    
    3contract EmergencyStop {
    
    4
    
    5    bool isStopped = false;
    
    6
    
    7    modifier stoppedInEmergency {
    
    8        require(!isStopped);
    
    9        _;
    
    10    }
    
    11
    
    12    modifier onlyWhenStopped {
    
    13        require(isStopped);
    
    14        _;
    
    15    }
    
    16
    
    17    modifier onlyAuthorized {
    
    18        // Check for authorization of msg.sender here
    
    19        _;
    
    20    }
    
    21
    
    22    function stopContract() public onlyAuthorized {
    
    23        isStopped = true;
    
    24    }
    
    25
    
    26    function resumeContract() public onlyAuthorized {
    
    27        isStopped = false;
    
    28    }
    
    29
    
    30    function deposit() public payable stoppedInEmergency {
    
    31        // Deposit logic happening here
    
    32    }
    
    33
    
    34    function emergencyWithdraw() public onlyWhenStopped {
    
    35        // Emergency withdraw happening here
    
    36    }
    
    37}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This example shows the basic features of emergency stops:

  * `isStopped` is a Boolean that evaluates to `false` at the beginning and `true` when the contract enters emergency mode.

  * The function modifiers `onlyWhenStopped` and `stoppedInEmergency` check the `isStopped` variable. `stoppedInEmergency` is used to control functions that should be inaccessible when the contract is vulnerable (e.g., `deposit()`). Calls to these functions will simply revert.

`onlyWhenStopped` is used for functions that should be callable during an
emergency (e.g., `emergencyWithdraw()`). Such functions can help resolve the
situation, hence their exclusion from the “restricted functions” list.

Using an emergency stop functionality provides an effective stopgap for
dealing with serious vulnerabilities in your smart contract. However, it
increases the need for users to trust developers not to activate it for self-
serving reasons. To this end, decentralizing control of the emergency stop
either by subjecting it to an on-chain voting mechanism, timelock, or approval
from a multisig wallet are possible solutions.

#### Event monitoring

[Events(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.15/contracts.html#events) allow
you to track calls to smart contract functions and monitor changes to state
variables. It is ideal to program your smart contract to emit an event
whenever some party takes a safety-critical action (e.g., withdrawing funds).

Logging events and monitoring them off-chain provides insights on contract
operations and aids faster discovery of malicious actions. This means your
team can respond faster to hacks and take action to mitigate impact on users,
such as pausing functions or performing an upgrade.

You can also opt for an off-the-shelf monitoring tool that automatically
forwards alerts whenever someone interacts with your contracts. These tools
will allow you to create custom alerts based on different triggers, such as
transaction volume, frequency of function calls, or the specific functions
involved. For example, you could program an alert that comes in when the
amount withdrawn in a single transaction crosses a particular threshold.

### 7\. Design secure governance systems

You may want to decentralize your application by turning over control of core
smart contracts to community members. In this case, the smart contract system
will include a governance module—a mechanism that allows community members to
approve administrative actions via an on-chain governance system. For example,
a proposal to upgrade a proxy contract to a new implementation may be voted
upon by token-holders.

Decentralized governance can be beneficial, especially because it aligns the
interests of developers and end-users. Nevertheless, smart contract governance
mechanisms may introduce new risks if implemented incorrectly. A plausible
scenario is if an attacker acquires enormous voting power (measured in number
of tokens held) by taking out a [flash loan](/en/defi/#flash-loans) and pushes
through a malicious proposal.

One way of preventing problems related to on-chain governance is to [use a
timelock(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/protect-your-
users-with-smart-contract-timelocks/). A timelock prevents a smart contract
from executing certain actions until a specific amount of time passes. Other
strategies include assigning a “voting weight” to each token based on how long
it has been locked up for, or measuring the voting power of an address at a
historical period (for example, 2-3 blocks in the past) instead of the current
block. Both methods reduce the possibility of quickly amassing voting power to
swing on-chain votes.

More on [designing secure governance systems(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.openzeppelin.com/smart-contract-security-
guidelines-4-strategies-for-safer-governance-systems/), [different voting
mechanisms in DAOs(opens in a new tab)](https://hackernoon.com/governance-is-
the-holy-grail-for-daos), and [the common DAO attack vectors leveraging
DeFi(opens in a new tab)](https://dacian.me/dao-governance-defi-attacks) in
the shared links.

### 8\. Reduce complexity in code to a minimum

Traditional software developers are familiar with the KISS (“keep it simple,
stupid”) principle, which advises against introducing unnecessary complexity
into software design. This follows the long-held thinking that “complex
systems fail in complex ways” and are more susceptible to costly errors.

Keeping things simple is of particular importance when writing smart
contracts, given that smart contracts are potentially controlling large
amounts of value. A tip for achieving simplicity when writing smart contracts
is to reuse existing libraries, such as [OpenZeppelin Contracts(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/), where possible. Because
these libraries have been extensively audited and tested by developers, using
them reduces the chances of introducing bugs by writing new functionality from
scratch.

Another common advice is to write small functions and keep contracts modular
by splitting business logic across multiple contracts. Not only does writing
simpler code reduce the attack surface in a smart contract, it also makes it
easier to reason about the correctness of the overall system and detect
possible design errors early.

### 9\. Defend against common smart contract vulnerabilities

#### Reentrancy

The EVM doesn’t permit concurrency, meaning two contracts involved in a
message call cannot run simultaneously. An external call pauses the calling
contract's execution and memory until the call returns, at which point
execution proceeds normally. This process can be formally described as
transferring [control flow(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.computerhope.com/jargon/c/contflow.htm) to another contract.

Although mostly harmless, transferring control flow to untrusted contracts can
cause problems, such as reentrancy. A reentrancy attack occurs when a
malicious contract calls back into a vulnerable contract before the original
function invocation is complete. This type of attack is best explained with an
example.

Consider a simple smart contract (‘Victim’) that allows anyone to deposit and
withdraw Ether:

    
    
    1// This contract is vulnerable. Do not use in production
    
    2
    
    3contract Victim {
    
    4    mapping (address => uint256) public balances;
    
    5
    
    6    function deposit() external payable {
    
    7        balances[msg.sender] += msg.value;
    
    8    }
    
    9
    
    10    function withdraw() external {
    
    11        uint256 amount = balances[msg.sender];
    
    12        (bool success, ) = msg.sender.call.value(amount)("");
    
    13        require(success);
    
    14        balances[msg.sender] = 0;
    
    15    }
    
    16}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This contract exposes a `withdraw()` function to allow users to withdraw ETH
previously deposited in the contract. When processing a withdrawal, the
contract performs the following operations:

  1. Checks the user’s ETH balance
  2. Sends funds to the calling address
  3. Resets their balance to 0, preventing additional withdrawals from the user

The `withdraw()` function in `Victim` contract follows a “checks-interactions-
effects” pattern. It _checks_ if conditions necessary for execution are
satisfied (i.e., the user has a positive ETH balance) and performs the
_interaction_ by sending ETH to the caller’s address, before applying the
_effects_ of the transaction (i.e., reducing the user’s balance).

If `withdraw()` is called from an externally owned account (EOA), the function
executes as expected: `msg.sender.call.value()` sends ETH to the caller.
However, if `msg.sender` is a smart contract account calls `withdraw()`,
sending funds using `msg.sender.call.value()` will also trigger code stored at
that address to run.

Imagine this is the code deployed at the contract address:

    
    
    1 contract Attacker {
    
    2    function beginAttack() external payable {
    
    3        Victim(victim_address).deposit.value(1 ether)();
    
    4        Victim(victim_address).withdraw();
    
    5    }
    
    6
    
    7    function() external payable {
    
    8        if (gasleft() > 40000) {
    
    9            Victim(victim_address).withdraw();
    
    10        }
    
    11    }
    
    12}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This contract is designed to do three things:

  1. Accept a deposit from another account (likely the attacker’s EOA)
  2. Deposit 1 ETH into the Victim contract
  3. Withdraw the 1 ETH stored in the smart contract

There’s nothing wrong here, except that `Attacker` has another function that
calls `withdraw()` in `Victim` again if the gas left over from the incoming
`msg.sender.call.value` is more than 40,000. This gives `Attacker` the ability
to reenter `Victim` and withdraw more funds _before_ the first invocation of
`withdraw` completes. The cycle looks like this:

    
    
    1- Attacker's EOA calls `Attacker.beginAttack()` with 1 ETH
    
    2- `Attacker.beginAttack()` deposits 1 ETH into `Victim`
    
    3- `Attacker` calls `withdraw() in `Victim`
    
    4- `Victim` checks `Attacker`’s balance (1 ETH)
    
    5- `Victim` sends 1 ETH to `Attacker` (which triggers the default function)
    
    6- `Attacker` calls `Victim.withdraw()` again (note that `Victim` hasn’t reduced `Attacker`’s balance from the first withdrawal)
    
    7- `Victim` checks `Attacker`’s balance (which is still 1 ETH because it hasn’t applied the effects of the first call)
    
    8- `Victim` sends 1 ETH to `Attacker` (which triggers the default function and allows `Attacker` to reenter the `withdraw` function)
    
    9- The process repeats until `Attacker` runs out of gas, at which point `msg.sender.call.value` returns without triggering additional withdrawals
    
    10- `Victim` finally applies the results of the first transaction (and subsequent ones) to its state, so `Attacker`’s balance is set to 0
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

The summary is that because the caller’s balance isn't set to 0 until the
function execution completes, subsequent invocations will succeed and allow
the caller to withdraw their balance multiple times. This kind of attack can
be used to drain a smart contract of its funds, like what happened in the
[2016 DAO hack(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coindesk.com/learn/2016/06/25/understanding-the-dao-
attack/). Reentrancy attacks are still a critical issue for smart contracts
today as [public listings of reentrancy exploits(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/pcaversaccio/reentrancy-attacks) show.

##### How to prevent reentrancy attacks

An approach to dealing with reentrancy is following the [checks-effects-
interactions pattern(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/develop/security-
considerations.html#use-the-checks-effects-interactions-pattern). This pattern
orders the execution of functions in a way that code that performs necessary
checks before progressing with execution comes first, followed by code that
manipulates contract state, with code that interacts with other contracts or
EOAs arriving last.

The checks-effect-interaction pattern is used in a revised version of the
`Victim` contract shown below:

    
    
    1contract NoLongerAVictim {
    
    2    function withdraw() external {
    
    3        uint256 amount = balances[msg.sender];
    
    4        balances[msg.sender] = 0;
    
    5        (bool success, ) = msg.sender.call.value(amount)("");
    
    6        require(success);
    
    7    }
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This contract performs a _check_ on the user’s balance, applies the _effects_
of the `withdraw()` function (by resetting the user’s balance to 0), and
proceeds to perform the _interaction_ (sending ETH to the user’s address).
This ensures the contract updates its storage before the external call,
eliminating the re-entrancy condition that enabled the first attack. The
`Attacker` contract could still call back into `NoLongerAVictim`, but since
`balances[msg.sender]` has been set to 0, additional withdrawals will throw an
error.

Another option is to use a mutual exclusion lock (commonly described as a
"mutex") that locks a portion of a contract’s state until a function
invocation completes. This is implemented using a Boolean variable that is set
to `true` before the function executes and reverts to `false` after the
invocation is done. As seen in the example below, using a mutex protects a
function against recursive calls while the original invocation is still
processing, effectively stopping reentrancy.

    
    
    1pragma solidity ^0.7.0;
    
    2
    
    3contract MutexPattern {
    
    4    bool locked = false;
    
    5    mapping(address => uint256) public balances;
    
    6
    
    7    modifier noReentrancy() {
    
    8        require(!locked, "Blocked from reentrancy.");
    
    9        locked = true;
    
    10        _;
    
    11        locked = false;
    
    12    }
    
    13    // This function is protected by a mutex, so reentrant calls from within `msg.sender.call` cannot call `withdraw` again.
    
    14    //  The `return` statement evaluates to `true` but still evaluates the `locked = false` statement in the modifier
    
    15    function withdraw(uint _amount) public payable noReentrancy returns(bool) {
    
    16        require(balances[msg.sender] >= _amount, "No balance to withdraw.");
    
    17
    
    18        balances[msg.sender] -= _amount;
    
    19        bool (success, ) = msg.sender.call{value: _amount}("");
    
    20        require(success);
    
    21
    
    22        return true;
    
    23    }
    
    24}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

You can also use a [pull payments(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/api/security#PullPayment)
system that requires users to withdraw funds from the smart contracts, instead
of a "push payments" system that sends funds to accounts. This removes the
possibility of inadvertently triggering code at unknown addresses (and can
also prevent certain denial-of-service attacks).

#### Integer underflows and overflows

An integer overflow occurs when the results of an arithmetic operation falls
outside the acceptable range of values, causing it to "roll over" to the
lowest representable value. For example, a `uint8` can only store values up to
2^8-1=255. Arithmetic operations that result in values higher than `255` will
overflow and reset `uint` to `0`, similar to how the odometer on a car resets
to 0 once it reaches the maximum mileage (999999).

Integer underflows happen for similar reasons: the results of an arithmetic
operation falls below the acceptable range. Say you tried decrementing `0` in
a `uint8`, the result would simply roll over to the maximum representable
value (`255`).

Both integer overflows and underflows can lead to unexpected changes to a
contract’s state variables and result in unplanned execution. Below is an
example showing how an attacker can exploit arithmetic overflow in a smart
contract to perform an invalid operation:

    
    
    1pragma solidity ^0.7.6;
    
    2
    
    3// This contract is designed to act as a time vault.
    
    4// User can deposit into this contract but cannot withdraw for at least a week.
    
    5// User can also extend the wait time beyond the 1 week waiting period.
    
    6
    
    7/*
    
    81. Deploy TimeLock
    
    92. Deploy Attack with address of TimeLock
    
    103. Call Attack.attack sending 1 ether. You will immediately be able to
    
    11   withdraw your ether.
    
    12
    
    13What happened?
    
    14Attack caused the TimeLock.lockTime to overflow and was able to withdraw
    
    15before the 1 week waiting period.
    
    16*/
    
    17
    
    18contract TimeLock {
    
    19    mapping(address => uint) public balances;
    
    20    mapping(address => uint) public lockTime;
    
    21
    
    22    function deposit() external payable {
    
    23        balances[msg.sender] += msg.value;
    
    24        lockTime[msg.sender] = block.timestamp + 1 weeks;
    
    25    }
    
    26
    
    27    function increaseLockTime(uint _secondsToIncrease) public {
    
    28        lockTime[msg.sender] += _secondsToIncrease;
    
    29    }
    
    30
    
    31    function withdraw() public {
    
    32        require(balances[msg.sender] > 0, "Insufficient funds");
    
    33        require(block.timestamp > lockTime[msg.sender], "Lock time not expired");
    
    34
    
    35        uint amount = balances[msg.sender];
    
    36        balances[msg.sender] = 0;
    
    37
    
    38        (bool sent, ) = msg.sender.call{value: amount}("");
    
    39        require(sent, "Failed to send Ether");
    
    40    }
    
    41}
    
    42
    
    43contract Attack {
    
    44    TimeLock timeLock;
    
    45
    
    46    constructor(TimeLock _timeLock) {
    
    47        timeLock = TimeLock(_timeLock);
    
    48    }
    
    49
    
    50    fallback() external payable {}
    
    51
    
    52    function attack() public payable {
    
    53        timeLock.deposit{value: msg.value}();
    
    54        /*
    
    55        if t = current lock time then we need to find x such that
    
    56        x + t = 2**256 = 0
    
    57        so x = -t
    
    58        2**256 = type(uint).max + 1
    
    59        so x = type(uint).max + 1 - t
    
    60        */
    
    61        timeLock.increaseLockTime(
    
    62            type(uint).max + 1 - timeLock.lockTime(address(this))
    
    63        );
    
    64        timeLock.withdraw();
    
    65    }
    
    66}
    
    Show all

##### How to prevent integer underflows and overflows

As of version 0.8.0, the Solidity compiler rejects code that results in
integer underflows and overflows. However, contracts compiled with a lower
compiler version should either perform checks on functions involving
arithmetic operations or use a library (e.g., [SafeMath(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/2.x/api/math)) that checks for
underflow/overflow.

#### Oracle manipulation

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/) source off-chain information and send
it on-chain for smart contracts to use. With oracles, you can design smart
contracts that interoperate with off-chain systems, such as capital markets,
greatly expanding their application.

But if the oracle is corrupted and sends incorrect information on-chain, smart
contracts will execute based on erroneous inputs, which can cause problems.
This is the basis of the “oracle problem”, which concerns the task of making
sure information from a blockchain oracle is accurate, up-to-date, and timely.

A related security concern is using an on-chain oracle, such as a
decentralized exchange, to get the spot price for an asset. Lending platforms
in the [decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/) industry often do this to
determine the value of a user’s collateral to determine how much they can
borrow.

DEX prices are often accurate, largely due to arbitrageurs restoring parity in
markets. However, they are open to manipulation, particularly if the on-chain
oracle calculates asset prices based on historical trading patterns (as is
usually the case).

For instance, an attacker could artificially pump the spot price of an asset
by taking out a flash loan right before interacting with your lending
contract. Querying the DEX for the asset’s price would return a higher-than-
normal value (due to the attacker’s large “buy order” skewing demand for the
asset), allowing them to borrow more than they should. Such "flash loan
attacks" have been used to exploit reliance on price oracles among DeFi
applications, costing protocols millions in lost funds.

##### How to prevent oracle manipulation

The minimum requirement to [avoid oracle manipulation(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.cyfrin.io/blog/price-oracle-manipultion-attacks-with-
examples) is to use a decentralized oracle network that queries information
from multiple sources to avoid single points of failure. In most cases,
decentralized oracles have built-in cryptoeconomic incentives to encourage
oracle nodes to report correct information, making them more secure than
centralized oracles.

If you plan on querying an on-chain oracle for asset prices, consider using
one that implements a time-weighted average price (TWAP) mechanism. A [TWAP
oracle(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.uniswap.org/contracts/v2/concepts/core-concepts/oracles)
queries the price of an asset at two different points in time (which you can
modify) and calculates the spot price based on the average obtained. Choosing
longer time periods protects your protocol against price manipulation since
large orders executed recently cannot impact asset prices.

## Smart contract security resources for developers

### Tools for analyzing smart contracts and verifying code correctness

  * **[Testing tools and libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/#testing-tools-and-libraries)** \- _Collection of industry-standard tools and libraries for performing unit tests, static analysis, and dynamic analysis on smart contracts._

  * **[Formal verification tools](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/formal-verification/#formal-verification-tools)** \- _Tools for verifying functional correctness in smart contracts and checking invariants._

  * **[Smart contract auditing services](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/#smart-contract-auditing-services)** \- _Listing of organizations providing smart contract auditing services for Ethereum development projects._

  * **[Bug bounty platforms](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/#bug-bounty-platforms)** \- _Platforms for coordinating bug bounties and rewarding responsible disclosure of critical vulnerabilities in smart contracts._

  * **[Fork Checker(opens in a new tab)](https://forkchecker.hashex.org/)** \- _A free online tool for checking all available information regarding a forked contract._

  * **[ABI Encoder(opens in a new tab)](https://abi.hashex.org/)** \- _A free online service for encoding your Solidity contract functions and constructor arguments._

  * **[Aderyn(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Cyfrin/aderyn)** \- _Solidity Static Analyzer, traversing the Abstract Syntax Trees (AST) to pinpoint suspected vulnerabilities and printing out issues in an easy-to-consume markdown format._

### Tools for monitoring smart contracts

  * **[OpenZeppelin Defender Sentinels(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/v1/sentinel)** \- _A tool for automatically monitoring and responding to events, functions, and transaction parameters on your smart contracts._

  * **[Tenderly Real-Time Alerting(opens in a new tab)](https://tenderly.co/alerting/)** \- _A tool for getting real-time notifications when unusual or unexpected events happen on your smart contracts or wallets._

### Tools for secure administration of smart contracts

  * **[OpenZeppelin Defender Admin(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/defender/v1/admin)** \- _Interface for managing smart contract administration, including access controls, upgrades, and pausing._

  * **[Safe(opens in a new tab)](https://safe.global/)** \- _Smart contract wallet running on Ethereum that requires a minimum number of people to approve a transaction before it can occur (M-of-N)._

  * **[OpenZeppelin Contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/4.x/)** \- _Contract libraries for implementing administrative features, including contract ownership, upgrades, access controls, governance, pauseability, and more._

### Smart contract auditing services

  * **[ConsenSys Diligence(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.net/diligence/)** \- _Smart contract auditing service helping projects across the blockchain ecosystem ensure their protocols are ready for launch and built to protect users._

  * **[CertiK(opens in a new tab)](https://www.certik.com/)** \- _Blockchain security firm pioneering the use of cutting-edge formal Verification technology on smart contracts and blockchain networks._

  * **[Trail of Bits(opens in a new tab)](https://www.trailofbits.com/)** \- _Cybersecurity company that combines security research with an attacker mentality to reduce risk and fortify code._

  * **[PeckShield(opens in a new tab)](https://peckshield.com/)** \- _Blockchain security company offering products and services for the security, privacy, and usability of the entire blockchain ecosystem._

  * **[QuantStamp(opens in a new tab)](https://quantstamp.com/)** \- _Auditing service facilitating the mainstream adoption of blockchain technology through security and risk assessment services._

  * **[OpenZeppelin(opens in a new tab)](https://www.openzeppelin.com/security-audits)** \- _Smart contract security company providing security audits for distributed systems._

  * **[Runtime Verification(opens in a new tab)](https://runtimeverification.com/)** \- _Security company specializing in formal modeling and verification of smart contracts._

  * **[Hacken(opens in a new tab)](https://hacken.io)** \- _Web3 cybersecurity auditor bringing the 360-degree approach to blockchain security._

  * **[Nethermind(opens in a new tab)](https://nethermind.io/smart-contracts-audits)** \- _Solidity and Cairo auditing services, ensuring the integrity of smart contracts and the safety of users across Ethereum and Starknet._

  * **[HashEx(opens in a new tab)](https://hashex.org/)** \- _HashEx focuses on blockchain and smart contract auditing to ensure the security of cryptocurrencies, providing services such as smart contract development, penetration testing, blockchain consulting._

  * **[Code4rena(opens in a new tab)](https://code4rena.com/)** \- _Competitive audit platform that incentivizes smart contract security experts to find vulnerabilities and help make web3 more secure._

  * **[CodeHawks(opens in a new tab)](https://codehawks.com/)** \- _Competitive audits platform hosting smart contracts auditing competitions for security researchers._

  * **[Cyfrin(opens in a new tab)](https://cyfrin.io)** \- _Web3 security powerhouse, incubating crypto security through products and smart contract auditing services._

  * **[ImmuneBytes(opens in a new tab)](https://www.immunebytes.com//smart-contract-audit/)** \- _Web3 security firm offering security audits for blockchain systems through a team of experienced auditors and best-in-class tools._

  * **[Oxorio(opens in a new tab)](https://oxor.io/)** \- _Smart contract audits and blockchain security services with expertise in EVM, Solidity, ZK, Cross-chain tech for crypto firms and DeFi projects._

  * **[Inference(opens in a new tab)](https://inference.ag/)** \- _Security auditing company, specialized in smart contract auditing for EVM-based blockchains. Thanks to its expert auditors they identify potential issues and suggest actionable solutions to fix them before deployment._

### Bug bounty platforms

  * **[Immunefi(opens in a new tab)](https://immunefi.com/)** \- _Bug bounty platform for smart contracts and DeFi projects, where security researchers review code, disclose vulnerabilities, get paid, and make crypto safer._

  * **[HackerOne(opens in a new tab)](https://www.hackerone.com/)** \- _Vulnerability coordination and bug bounty platform that connects businesses with penetration testers and cybersecurity researchers._

  * **[HackenProof(opens in a new tab)](https://hackenproof.com/)** \- _Expert bug bounty platform for crypto projects (DeFi, Smart Contracts, Wallets, CEX and more), where security professionals provide triage services and researchers get paid for relevant, verified bug reports._

  * **[Sherlock(opens in a new tab)](https://www.sherlock.xyz/)** \- _Underwriter in Web3 for smart contract security, with payouts for auditors managed via smart contracts to secure that relevant bugs are paid fairly._

  * **[CodeHawks(opens in a new tab)](https://www.codehawks.com/)** \- _Competitive bug bounty platform where auditors take part in security contests and challenges, and (soon) in their own private audits._

### Publications of known smart contract vulnerabilities and exploits

  * **[ConsenSys: Smart Contract Known Attacks(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.github.io/smart-contract-best-practices/attacks/)** \- _Beginner-friendly explanation of the most significant contract vulnerabilities, with sample code for most cases._

  * **[SWC Registry(opens in a new tab)](https://swcregistry.io/)** \- _Curated list of Common Weakness Enumeration (CWE) items that apply to Ethereum smart contracts._

  * **[Rekt(opens in a new tab)](https://rekt.news/)** \- _Regularly updated publication of high-profile crypto hacks and exploits, along with detailed post-mortem reports._

### Challenges for learning smart contract security

  * **[Awesome BlockSec CTF(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/blockthreat/blocksec-ctfs)** \- _Curated list of blockchain security wargames, challenges, and[Capture The Flag(opens in a new tab)](https://www.webopedia.com/definitions/ctf-event/amp/) competitions and solution writeups._

  * **[Damn Vulnerable DeFi(opens in a new tab)](https://www.damnvulnerabledefi.xyz/)** \- _Wargame to learn offensive security of DeFi smart contracts and build skills in bug-hunting and security auditing._

  * **[Ethernaut(opens in a new tab)](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/)** \- _Web3/Solidity-based wargame where each level is a smart contract that needs to be 'hacked'._

  * **[HackenProof x HackTheBox(opens in a new tab)](https://app.hackthebox.com/tracks/HackenProof-Track)** \- _Smart contract hacking challenge, set in a fantasy adventure. Successful completion of the challenge also gives access to a private bug bounty program._

### Best practices for securing smart contracts

  * **[ConsenSys: Ethereum Smart Contract Security Best Practices(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.github.io/smart-contract-best-practices/)** \- _Comprehensive list of guidelines for securing Ethereum smart contracts._

  * **[Nascent: Simple Security Toolkit(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nascentxyz/simple-security-toolkit)** \- _Collection of practical security-focused guides and checklists for smart contract development._

  * **[Solidity Patterns(opens in a new tab)](https://fravoll.github.io/solidity-patterns/)** \- _Useful compilation of secure patterns and best practices for the smart contract programming language Solidity._

  * **[Solidity Docs: Security Considerations(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.16/security-considerations.html)** \- _Guidelines for writing secure smart contracts with Solidity._

  * **[Smart Contract Security Verification Standard(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/securing/SCSVS)** \- _Fourteen-part checklist created to standardize the security of smart contracts for developers, architects, security reviewers and vendors._

  * **[Learn Smart Contract Security and Auditing(opens in a new tab)](https://updraft.cyfrin.io/courses/security) \- _Ultimate smart contract security and auditing course, created for smart contract developers looking to level up their security best practices and become security researchers._

### Tutorials on smart contract security

  * [How to write secure smart contracts](/en/developers/tutorials/secure-development-workflow/)

  * [How to use Slither to find smart contract bugs](/en/developers/tutorials/how-to-use-slither-to-find-smart-contract-bugs/)

  * [How to use Manticore to find smart contract bugs](/en/developers/tutorials/how-to-use-manticore-to-find-smart-contract-bugs/)

  * [Smart contract security guidelines](/en/developers/tutorials/smart-contract-security-guidelines/)

  * [How to safely integrate your token contract with arbitrary tokens](/en/developers/tutorials/token-integration-checklist/)

  * [Cyfrin Updraft - Smart contracts security and auditing full course(opens in a new tab)](https://updraft.cyfrin.io/courses/security)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Guidelines for building secure Ethereum smart contracts
      * 1\. Design proper access controls
      * 2\. Use require(), assert(), and revert() statements to guard contract operations
      * 3\. Test smart contracts and verify code correctness
      * 4\. Ask for an independent review of your code
      * 5\. Follow best practices during smart contract development
      * 6\. Implement robust disaster recovery plans
      * 7\. Design secure governance systems
      * 8\. Reduce complexity in code to a minimum
      * 9\. Defend against common smart contract vulnerabilities
    * Smart contract security resources for developers
      * Tools for analyzing smart contracts and verifying code correctness
      * Tools for monitoring smart contracts
      * Tools for secure administration of smart contracts
      * Smart contract auditing services
      * Bug bounty platforms
      * Publications of known smart contract vulnerabilities and exploits
      * Challenges for learning smart contract security
      * Best practices for securing smart contracts
      * Tutorials on smart contract security

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

