[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How to Increase Your Bitcoin Mining Profit

2020-10-23

[Bitcoin’s price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin) and hashrates are
reaching new heights. Make the most out of it. Learn how you can increase your
Bitcoin profits by more than 2 BTC in just three months by joining [Binance
Pool](https://pool.binance.com/).

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20201023/18e81268-fdfc-45f9-8363-8b20658e6960.jpg)

What Makes Bitcoin Mining Profitable?

Bitcoin’s price has surged over the past few days; it’s at the $12,700 level
as of publishing time. We’re seeing up to $32.1 billion USD in 24-hour trading
volumes for Bitcoin, as well as an increase in the number of active addresses
and transactions.

This rise in Bitcoin activity and price bodes well for overall mining
operations. A higher price for Bitcoin means higher earnings for the miners
who discover the blocks that they need to get in order to profit. But aside
from price, Bitcoin miners need to consider computing power and electricity
costs when it comes to their operations.

Electricity costs can vary for each miner depending on their location,
devices, and other factors. Meanwhile, computing power is more or less
universally measurable, as shown in a metric called the
[hashrate](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/hash-rate). As of October
17, the average hashrate for Bitcoin mining
[reached](https://btc.com/stats/diff) 142.94 EH/s, an all-time high.

This means that while BTC has risen in price, you have to consider electricity
costs and the rising hashrates. This can make Bitcoin mining more daunting
than ever to even the most tenacious of individual miners.

How a Mining Pool Helps You Gain Bitcoin Mining Profits

When it comes to mining, you have a higher probability of discovering and
processing blocks if you have a higher mining power. This is challenging for
individual miners, who would have just a small part of the total needed mining
power. Hence, miners form groups to combine their resources, share their
processing power, and distribute the subsequent earnings.

These groups, called [mining
pools](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/mining-pools-explained), have
risen in prominence. There are 16 known mining pools that account for more
than 99% of the current hashrates. Each of these mining pools may offer their
own set of incentives to entice miners into joining, with the promised benefit
of getting a bigger chance at securing blocks and earnings. But there’s one
thing in common for each mining pool: they charge mining/pool fees that range
from 1% to 2.5% to cover for administrative and operations costs of running
the pools.

Enter Binance Pool, which is charging [0% fees as of October
15](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/20240977a05c4db1a4fb39dc8003d53e).

What Binance Pool Offers to Make Bitcoin Mining More Profitable

Since
[launching](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684900541/Introducing-
Binance-Pool-an-Inclusive-Crypto-Mining-Platform-That-Empowers-Miners) in
April 2020, Binance Pool has risen as one of the newest significant players in
the Bitcoin mining industry. In just a few weeks after its launch, Binance
Pool entered the top 10 in Bitcoin mining pool rankings. As of last week,
Binance Pool ranked as the sixth-biggest mining pool in the world, accounting
for 12,491 PH/s in total hashrate, or 9% of the market.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20201023/af2fb016-d518-442f-8892-154aaf321eda.png)

Binance Pool’s unique proposition is combining the earning opportunities of a
mining pool with the comprehensive crypto financial services suite that
Binance has to offer. This has resulted in more than 630% growth in business
since April. In addition, Binance Pool has provided up to $500,000 USD in
subsidies to miners to further highlight its benefits and advantages.

Here are some of the distinct advantages that Binance Pool offers to miners
everywhere:

1\. [Up to Zero
Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/20240977a05c4db1a4fb39dc8003d53e).
Binance Pool, which already regularly offers some of the lowest mining pool
fees in the market, has driven its fees further below to 0% from October 15 to
January 15 of next year. For Bitcoin miners, all they have to do is to
[connect their hashrate to Binance
Pool](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041370811).

This three-month campaign surely beats the standard 1% to 2.5% in fees
elsewhere in the industry.

2\. 14.5% APY higher than competitor pools. Binance Pool effectively offers
its miners 14.5% higher APY than other pools, making their mining experience
even more rewarding.

3\. [Up to 30% AIR with Pool
Savings](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/3d97d8c444e64909a6d6991fa27de1c8).
This is where the combination of mining and crypto finance comes into play. In
September, Binance Pool launched an exclusive Pool Savings product that allows
miners to save their mining profits and earn bonus BTC at a 30% annualized
interest rate (AIR).

In just one month, about 32% of Binance Pool miners who have participated in
Pool Savings. They have started earning interest since the day they deposited
their mined assets. [Learn how Pool Savings
works](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/0357745a187e4970a8ae00050bbfd515).

4\. [Binance Dual
Savings](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684900884/Binance-Dual-
Savings-Earn-Wherever-the-Market-Goes). Another innovative crypto finance
product that Binance has launched, Binance Dual Savings lets Bitcoin holders
deposit their BTC and then get returns in the form of either BTC or BUSD,
depending on what is more favorable to them market-wise by the settlement date
of the product.

5\. Electricity Subsidies. Binance Pool has also launched a campaign that
offers electricity subsidies to miners. Total electricity subsidies reached
10% of new miners and provided them an extra 14.63% in mining rewards.

6\. Top-Notch PoS Staking. Many Bitcoin miners also engage in proof-of-stake
(PoS) mining activities, so Binance Pool has supported the most popular
staking projects, such as TRX, ATOM, TEZOS, DOT, and more. The annualized
revenue for these tokens is more than 150% higher than other PoS pooling
services.

How Much More Profit Can a Bitcoin Miner Get With Binance Pool?

In this section, we’ll apply the various advantages that Binance Pool offers
and tally how much more profit an average miner can get on Binance Pool
compared to another mining pool.

For example, one miner connects 100 PH/s to either Binance Pool or another
pool, resulting in 65.22 BTC revenue for three months (from October 15, 2020,
to January 15, 2021). The miner also decides to deposit 5 BTC into Pool
Savings.

Scenario*| Binance Pool| Some Other Pool  
---|---|---  
Earnings from Mining| 65.22 BTC| 65.22 BTC  
Less: Mining Fees| \- 0 BTC| \- 0.6522 BTC to 1.6305 BTC  
Earnings After Fees| 65.22 BTC| 63.5895 BTC to 64.5678 BTC  
Add: Earnings from 5 BTC in Pool Savings| \+ 0.0496 BTC to 0.384 BTC| \+ 0 BTC  
Earnings after Savings| Up to 65.604 BTC| As low as 63.5895 BTC  
Other benefits | [VIP 4 Right](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/bca80a86abaa4b6ab2cea3306485fdc0)s | None  
Advantage| Binance Pool (+ 2.0145 BTC in earnings)  
  
Based on this side-by-side comparison, Binance Pool brings as much as $25,818
USD in additional earnings for this miner within a three-month period.

What are you waiting for? Start earning thousands more from Bitcoin mining
with [Binance Pool](https://pool.binance.com/) today.

* According to the miner's actual connecting hashrate, difficulty, and Bitcoin price changes, the data in the table will be different.  Please calculate based on the actual mining scenario. This scenario assumes that the miner joined a pool via the FPPS mining method.

Like this post

###### Share Post

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

