[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%83%D8%AA%D9%84-blockchain)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E5%8C%BA%E5%9D%97%E9%93%BE)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/quest-ce-que-la-blockchainnbsp)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/was-ist-blockchain-2)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/%D1%87%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D0%B1%D0%BB%D0%BE%D0%BA%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%BD-2)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/what-is-blockchain-2)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/basic-basics/%E3%83%96%E3%83%AD%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF%E3%83%81%E3%82%A7%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EB%B8%94%EB%A1%9D%EC%B2%B4%EC%9D%B8%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80-%EB%AC%B4%EC%97%87%EC%9D%B8%EA%B0%80%EC%9A%94)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/blok-zinciri-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/o-que-e-blockchain)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%83%D8%AA%D9%84-blockchain)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E5%8C%BA%E5%9D%97%E9%93%BE)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/quest-ce-que-la-blockchainnbsp)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/was-ist-blockchain-2)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/%D1%87%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D0%B1%D0%BB%D0%BE%D0%BA%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%BD-2)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/what-is-blockchain-2)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/basic-basics/%E3%83%96%E3%83%AD%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF%E3%83%81%E3%82%A7%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EB%B8%94%EB%A1%9D%EC%B2%B4%EC%9D%B8%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80-%EB%AC%B4%EC%97%87%EC%9D%B8%EA%B0%80%EC%9A%94)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/blok-zinciri-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/o-que-e-blockchain)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * A) Welcome to Web3 __
  * ... __
  * What Is Blockchain?

The Classroom

PATHWAY A) Welcome to Web3

chapter 2/5

# What Is Blockchain?

Sep 20, 2022 | **Updated Jul 23, 2023**

__Read 6 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Blockchain%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-blockchain
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain&title=What%20Is%20Blockchain%3F "Reddit")

![Crypto emerged in the wake of the 2008 financial crisis. It offers a way for
regular people to overcome the faults of traditional finance, and manage money
autonomously.](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Grey-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
—Blockchain networks provide the foundations for cryptocurrency, allowing
peer-to-peer transactions.  
  
— A blockchain is an immutable digital ledger that records every single
transaction ever made.  
  
— The trustless capabilities of blockchain technology sparked off an entire
DeFi industry that could challenge traditional banking.  
  
Blockchain technology may seem overwhelming at first, but understanding some
of its key features will help you become a web3 expert in no time. You may
think that all blockchains are as secure as Bitcoin, or perhaps that all
blockchains are as capable as Ethereum. However, in fact, blockchain networks
have huge differences. From their governance to the creation of new coins,
even down to who can join the network; blockchains can have features that
alter the way the whole network functions.

Some blockchains are better than others for specific use cases, but they each
have their strengths and weaknesses. Thus, in this article, Ledger Academy
will cover everything you need to know about what a blockchain is and how it
works, plus, the different types of blockchains and what they are for.

But before we dive into the technicalities, let’s start with the basics of
basics.

## What Is a Blockchain?

In simple words, a blockchain is a distributed and immutable digital ledger
that is responsible for recording transactions and tracking the movement of
digital assets on its network. Primarily, blockchains were used to track
financial assets but today, there are a growing number of use cases as the
blockchain is a fantastic way to store value. Blockchains have some key
features that open up a new world of functionality, a concept often named
‘Web3’. So what are these key features?

## Key Features of a Blockchain Network

Blockchains have a lot of other interesting features. However, they all start
with these two main pillars: distributed Ledger technology, and immutable
records.

### Distributed Ledger Technology

Instead of hosting its information on a single centralized server, a
blockchain distributes its ledger to each and every computer in the system.
These computers are called nodes and they are responsible for storing,
sharing, and recording information and the transfer of digital assets. This is
the basis of “distributed ledger” technology, and it’s the only way in which
blockchains can store information securely.

### Immutable Records

Next, a blockchain has a unique way of storing that information: within
blocks. These blocks of new information are arranged in a chain, which is
distributed across the network, hence the name ‘blockchain’. To clarify, this
specific data structure ensures that it is impossible to alter information
once included in the blockchain. These features make blockchains almost
impossible to hack.

## What Are Blockchains For?

You might be wondering why all this is such a big deal – you probably make
digital transactions all the time. But sending money digitally is very
different from sending information, such as an email or picture.

For any currency to have value, its supply needs to be finite. In a successful
digital transaction, value needs to be received by the receiving party, while
the exact same value disappears from the sender’s account. If it doesn’t
happen that way, it’s called double-spending.

That term might be unfamiliar to you, but it’s the lynchpin for our entire
financial system and our reliance on banks. Blockchain technology solves the
double-spending problem without involving a centralized entity to verify
transactions. This means it’s possible to transfer transparent, secured, and
anonymous peer-to-peer exchange of value at scale. But what does that mean?

Well, simply solving the double-spending problem means blockchains allow you
to exchange value with a friend in the confidence your assets will go from one
person to the other. Importantly, it must be able to do this without creating
new assets in the system by allowing participants to spend them twice.

## Types of Blockchain

There are several ways to build a blockchain network and there’s likely a bit
more to it than you thought. When most people think of blockchains, they are
referring to decentralized blockchains like Bitcoin. But is worth mentioning
this technology can also build centralized systems.

Just because blockchains allow for the peer-to-peer transfer and decentralized
exchange of value, that doesn’t mean all blockchains operate in this way. Some
blockchains are public, private, permissioned, or built by a consortium. Some
are even a combination of some of these types.

So let’s understand the difference between different types of blockchain
networks and why it matters.

### Private, Permissioned, and Consortium Blockchains

A permissioned blockchain is run by a single entity, such as a government or a
company. As a result, the central entity can limit access to the system and
who can operate a node. Plus, those who do operate nodes have a lot of power –
power they could misuse.

Next, you get private blockchains. By definition, these blockchains are always
permissioned. But they actually take it one step further. Private blockchains
don’t just limit who can operate a node, they also limit who can access the
system. This is a completely centralized system and it allows entities to
protect users’ identities and data. As a result, these systems are preferred
by governments or trade groups aiming to keep control over the system and its
data.

A good example of a private blockchain is
[Hyperledger](https://www.hyperledger.org/). In this case, it uses a private
system in order to keep user data (such as shipping information) away from
prying eyes. In this case, having a transparent blockchain would pose a
privacy risk.

Then, Consortium Blockchains are also permissioned blockchains, but instead of
being governed by a single entity, it’s a group of organizations responsible
for its management. This method is popular for financial systems which would
like to cooperate. These blockchains can process transactions quickly as they
verify changes using a voting system.

However, all of these are very centralized options – This means there is a
single point of failure, which isn’t very secure at all.

### Permissionless and Public Blockchains

Conversely, a permissionless blockchain will allow anyone to operate a node in
the network. In this system, there tend to be more participants and they could
live anywhere in the world.

This does make them slower than their private and permissioned counterparts.
However, the bigger the system is, the easier it is to police participants
with bad intentions. Thus, a permissionless blockchain’s decentralized nature
makes it much more secure than its private counterparts.

There are also public blockchains that are, by definition, permissionless. Not
only do they allow anyone to join the network, they treat all nodes equally
and all of the network’s data is readily available to every participant.
Public Blockchains are great for cryptocurrencies as they are transparent,
secure, and auditable. A good example of a public blockchain is the Bitcoin
Network.

## How Does A Blockchain Work?

As mentioned, a blockchain network stores data on all of the computers
participating in the network, otherwise known as nodes. [Crypto
nodes](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-
one) contribute to the security of the network by taking part in the
transaction validation process. Each of these nodes stores information in
blocks. Then each of these blocks is arranged in a chain. Every time the
network processes a transaction, the chain grows.

![how a blockchain works infographic with diagrams of blocks transactions and
networks](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/Playlist-1-Article-2-1024x820.png)

However, nodes don’t store information in a way you could read it. Instead, it
uses a cryptographic hash. To protect sensitive information included in a
transaction, the node converts the information into a string of numbers and
letters and then stores it in each block.

This cryptographic hash doesn’t just include the information of the block it
corresponds to, it also includes information on the previous block in the
chain. This means if anyone alters one block, it will also alter its hash and
therefore every subsequent block in the chain. This makes any potential edit
very noticeable to the whole network, meaning it is secure. The earlier the
transaction is in a blockchain’s history, the harder it becomes to alter the
data. This capability means blockchains are a unique medium for storing
valuable data. If you want more details, make sure to read the full article on
[blockchain transactions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-
blockchain-transaction-work) and [nodes](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-
is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one) and how to operate them.

So now we understand how a blockchain stores its information.

But you might be wondering, “What’s to stop a node from lying about the state
of the network for its own gain?”

Well, all of that comes down to a blockchain’s type and its consensus
mechanism.

## How are Blockchains Secured?

For permissioned and private blockchains, the controlling entity will usually
organize a vote. However, public blockchains, such as Bitcoin or Ethereum,
have found a method to stay secure in a more decentralized way: by using a
consensus mechanism.

![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/fjm4YBTYlkjVBmxssZ8Ap7G9SXQjBoEqg4hyNo8TTzlqADRJjG5wzVyiEAYIsMGkZgU51H9vOfyJg4o2SoXK3UmdMs_9LogGh2x7nfTu-
RtcfRhjKm-
KPlhmJwaKgC0ZihtHfBN86cLXt54NlKvEGmdo1wdL7h2THdlpWouO3Ss42_9PQwSxOjKUAw)

### What Is a Consensus Mechanism?

This is the cleverest part of a public blockchain: There are thousands of
nodes scattered across the planet, and the majority of them must verify each
new transaction before it can join the blockchain. Once the block is added,
every node in a blockchain must arrive at the same state. This is called
achieving consensus.

With the management of the blockchain ledger distributed so widely, no single
entity can gain control of the network or validate false information. This
makes the whole network secure. But the way in which these nodes process
transactions differs slightly depending on the consensus mechanism the
blockchain uses. Plus, each method has its advantages and disadvantages.

To understand their differences fully, make sure to read the full Ledger
Academy on [what consensus mechanisms
are](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-
secure).

### Different Consensus Mechanisms

Public blockchains have two main categories of consensus mechanisms; Proof-of-
work and Proof-of-stake. However, there are also several other methods of
consensus that are more centralized and less-used.

**[Proof-of-Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-
work) (PoW):** A slower, secure consensus mechanism, which uses miners to
create new coins and process transactions by solving complex puzzles which
take a lot of computational power. This keeps the network secure as it makes
the system pointless for miners to try and cheat – the cost of using that much
energy is simply too expensive to make it worth it. A good example of a PoW
blockchain is Bitcoin.

**[Proof-of-Stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-
stake) (PoS):** A faster, energy-efficient consensus mechanism that uses
validators to process transactions. Instead of using computational power to
prove their trustworthiness, validators in a PoS blockchain use significant
amounts of crypto as collateral. To learn more, read the full article on
[crypto staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-
it/stake-your-crypto), but basically, validators are incentivized to behave
honorably. In short, they receive rewards for acting well and are punished for
acting maliciously. A good example of a blockchain that uses this system is
[Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum).

## Blockchain: What’s the Excitement About?

While you may correspond blockchain technology directly to cryptocurrencies,
there’s actually a lot more to it than that. Blockchain isn’t just about
crypto and finance, these networks are also capable of some other novel uses.

For example, some blockchain networks are capable of executing [smart
contracts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-
contract), which are like the blockchain’s version of a computer program.
Without getting too technical, smart contracts opened up a whole cultural
revolution in blockchain technology.

These computer programs make it possible to create [blockchain
apps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-dapp) with a variety of use
cases.

For example, [decentralized finance apps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-
defi-experience-in-ledger-live) which allow lending and borrowing are only
possible due to this capability. Plus, blockchain games and blockchain art in
the form of [Non-fungible tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft)
become possible too. These programs also opened up the possibility of
decentralized metaverse platforms, such as [The
Sandbox](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-ultimate-guide-to-the-sandbox-
metaverse) and [Decentraland](https://www.ledger.com/academy/decentraland-
metaverse-explained).

Then, Blockchain technology even has the power to change the way we govern
things. That’s because tokens and coins make it possible to create complex
decentralized voting systems in the form of [Decentralized Autonomous
Organizations](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-dao) (or
DAOs).

As the innovation in the web3 industry grows, the potential for more and more
use cases grows along with it. Put simply, Blockchain technology is here to
stay and who knows what else it could do in the future.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/Version-3a-15-1024x576.png)](https://quest.ledger.com/quests/welcome-
to-web3)

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Blockchain%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-blockchain
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain&title=What%20Is%20Blockchain%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It's Going
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain:
Where It Started, Where It's Going")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%B3%D9%84%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%83%D8%AA%D9%84-blockchain)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E5%8C%BA%E5%9D%97%E9%93%BE)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/quest-ce-que-la-blockchainnbsp)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/was-ist-blockchain-2)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/%D1%87%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D0%B1%D0%BB%D0%BE%D0%BA%D1%87%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%BD-2)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/what-is-blockchain-2)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/basic-basics/%E3%83%96%E3%83%AD%E3%83%83%E3%82%AF%E3%83%81%E3%82%A7%E3%83%BC%E3%83%B3%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EB%B8%94%EB%A1%9D%EC%B2%B4%EC%9D%B8%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80-%EB%AC%B4%EC%97%87%EC%9D%B8%EA%B0%80%EC%9A%94)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/basic-basics/about-crypto/blok-zinciri-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/o-que-e-blockchain)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=69bf81fa-
ae12-429d-acc5-6adae5fd71d5&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=900ad81d-0074-420a-a1a1-310f3d5ca8ef&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-
blockchain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=69bf81fa-
ae12-429d-acc5-6adae5fd71d5&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=900ad81d-0074-420a-a1a1-310f3d5ca8ef&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=bd23372a-0756-4abd-b038-c722ca31d5f6&sid=33c6ade01cfd11ef8b8c7d9f038dbb65&vid=33c6b3201cfd11efbfffbb9611e70bfb&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20Blockchain%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-blockchain&r=&lt=1654&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=492034)

