[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E7%95%85%E8%A7%88%E5%9C%A8%E7%BA%BF%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E5%AF%86%E9%92%A5%E7%A6%BB%E7%BA%BF%E4%BF%9D%E7%AE%A1-ledger-%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4%E6%82%A8%E7%9A%84%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/monde-connecte-cles-hors-ligne-comment-ledger-protege-vos-cryptos)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BC%D1%8B/security/online-world-offline-keys-how-ledger-protects-your-crypto)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/temas/security/mundo-conectado-claves-desconectadas-de-que-manera-ledger-protege-tus-cripto)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/cevrim-ici-bir-dunya-cevrim-disi-anahtarlar-ledger-kriptolarinizi-nasil-korur)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/security/mundo-online-chaves-offline-como-a-ledger-protege-suas-criptos)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E7%95%85%E8%A7%88%E5%9C%A8%E7%BA%BF%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E5%AF%86%E9%92%A5%E7%A6%BB%E7%BA%BF%E4%BF%9D%E7%AE%A1-ledger-%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4%E6%82%A8%E7%9A%84%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/monde-connecte-cles-hors-ligne-comment-ledger-protege-vos-cryptos)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BC%D1%8B/security/online-world-offline-keys-how-ledger-protects-your-crypto)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/temas/security/mundo-conectado-claves-desconectadas-de-que-manera-ledger-protege-tus-cripto)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/cevrim-ici-bir-dunya-cevrim-disi-anahtarlar-ledger-kriptolarinizi-nasil-korur)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/security/mundo-online-chaves-offline-como-a-ledger-protege-suas-criptos)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * How Can You Sign Online Transactions When Your Private Key…

# How Can You Sign Online Transactions When Your Private Key is Offline?

By **Ledger**

Apr 8, 2022 | **Updated May 20, 2024**

__Read 4 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20Can%20You%20Sign%20Online%20Transactions%20When%20Your%20Private%20Key%20is%20Offline%3F%C2%A0&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-can-you-sign-online-
transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-your-private-key-is-
offline&title=How%20Can%20You%20Sign%20Online%20Transactions%20When%20Your%20Private%20Key%20is%20Offline%3F%C2%A0
"Reddit")

![Grey closed belt on a purple background.](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/09_Security_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Cryptocurrency is inherently online with blockchain transactions living on
the internet.  
  
— Hardware wallets are designed to keep private keys off the internet and away
from the online connection points that hackers can get to. So how can online
transactions be signed?  
  
— Ledger uses a system to approve transactions in separate stages, keeping
your private keys offline.  
  
If you have a Ledger hardware wallet, you likely know it generates and stores
your private keys offline. The key selling point of any hardware wallet?  They
don’t connect to the internet at all— not ever.

However, the blockchain keeps running due to an internet connection. Your web3
apps all rely on an internet connection. Broadcasting a transaction to the
network requires an internet connection.

At first glance, it seems as if every step of the process relies on an
internet connection. So you may be wondering, ‘How do hardware wallets
interact with these online dApps and marketplaces if they are always offline?
And how do they send transactions to the blockchain?’

But fear not– in this article, we’ll explain exactly how transactions happen
within your Ledger device, and how they let you interact with online platforms
without revealing your keys. Let’s dive in.

## How can you sign online transactions when your private key is offline?

Put simply, the transaction process of your Ledger device is split into steps:
an “offline” part and an “online” part. This process ensures your private keys
remain private.

For a full explanation, check out the article on [how a Ledger device
works](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work). But essentially, while your Ledger device handles the
signing of transactions, it cannot broadcast transactions itself. Instead, it
relies on the internet connection of another device, the same device
responsible for hosting Ledger’s companion app Ledger Live.

It’s this internet-connected device you initiate the transaction with via
Ledger Live. From there, Ledger Live can connect and send the transaction
information to your device.

When you sign a transaction, the process takes place within the [Secure
Element](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-secure-element-
whistanding-security-attacks), a tamper-proof computer chip inside the
physical device. This is the most crucial part of the transaction, as hackers
can tamper with a transaction before it is signed. But with a Ledger device’s
Secure Element chip, you can rest assured the signing process is out of a
hacker’s reach.

From there, your device will send the already signed transaction to your
internet-connected device via a USB cable. Since the transaction is already
signed it cannot be tampered with – even if your internet-connected device is
infected with malware.

At this point, the transaction can be sent back to the wallet’s interface on
the laptop or smartphone and broadcast to the blockchain with confidence.

## Why not sign the transaction with a computer or smartphone if we need an
internet-connected device anyway?

There’s one simple answer to that question: malware. If you use a crypto
wallet directly on an internet-connected device, a wallet typically named a
[hot wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-
software-wallet), you are vulnerable to online threats such as malware.

Malware can come in many different forms: it could aim to discover your seed
phrase or private keys or it could aim to take control of your laptop or
smartphone’s screen, convincing you to sign malicious transactions. While
malware can be installed on your computer physically, remote hacking is much
more prevalent.

Unfortunately, hot wallets, the crypto wallets you install directly on your
smartphone or laptop, are extremely vulnerable to these types of threats. In
short, a hacker who gains access to your internet-connected device can quickly
find your private keys and empty your wallet. This is due to where hot wallets
store private keys: directly on the host device, or in some cases, even in the
browser’s data store. Simply, it’s too easy for a hacker to find and exploit.

Without trying to alarm you, using a hot wallet for any significant amount of
crypto is like an open invitation for scammers.

## Your Internet-Connected Device and Your Ledger Device Work Together

Interacting with web3 platforms, applications, and services, requires an
internet connection. But to keep your keys safe, it’s imperative to keep them
offline. These two facts can work against each other. Understandably, if you
want to interact with decentralized apps, the convenience of an online wallet
may sound appealing.

However, what’s the point of crypto ownership if your funds aren’t secure?
Security is one of the most important and often overlooked parts of
interacting with the crypto space.

Ledger is dedicated to making secure self-custody easy to use, which is why
Ledger wallets allow you to sign transactions offline while offering a simple
and expansive ecosystem of crypto apps and services via Ledger Live. In short,
with Ledger, you get the best of both worlds: security, ease of use, and true
ownership.

Because if not self-custody, then why crypto?

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20Can%20You%20Sign%20Online%20Transactions%20When%20Your%20Private%20Key%20is%20Offline%3F%C2%A0&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-can-you-sign-online-
transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-your-private-key-is-
offline&title=How%20Can%20You%20Sign%20Online%20Transactions%20When%20Your%20Private%20Key%20is%20Offline%3F%C2%A0
"Reddit")

[ Next up: How to Keep Your Seed Phrase Secure
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/best-ways-to-protect-your-
recovery-phrase "How to Keep Your Seed Phrase Secure")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E7%95%85%E8%A7%88%E5%9C%A8%E7%BA%BF%E4%B8%96%E7%95%8C%E5%AF%86%E9%92%A5%E7%A6%BB%E7%BA%BF%E4%BF%9D%E7%AE%A1-ledger-%E5%A6%82%E4%BD%95%E4%BF%9D%E6%8A%A4%E6%82%A8%E7%9A%84%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/monde-connecte-cles-hors-ligne-comment-ledger-protege-vos-cryptos)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BC%D1%8B/security/online-world-offline-keys-how-ledger-protects-your-crypto)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/temas/security/mundo-conectado-claves-desconectadas-de-que-manera-ledger-protege-tus-cripto)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/cevrim-ici-bir-dunya-cevrim-disi-anahtarlar-ledger-kriptolarinizi-nasil-korur)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/security/mundo-online-chaves-offline-como-a-ledger-protege-suas-criptos)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

