[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Introducing Binance Pool, an Inclusive Crypto Mining Platform That Empowers
Miners

2020-04-27

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20200427/bf7d21e2-2cbd-4a5b-bb29-c435e655b11d)

At Binance, we are building a full suite of crypto-powered financial services
that will allow you to make the most out of crypto. Today, we’re introducing
the latest addition to our product suite: [Binance
Pool](https://pool.binance.com/en/home), a cryptocurrency mining platform
dedicated to empowering miners and the global crypto mining industry.

With Binance Pool, we aim to establish a comprehensive platform for miners
that will bring more possibilities to the mining industry by bridging
traditional mining and financial services. By leveraging the benefits of an
exchange platform, Binance Pool offers users lower fees and more comprehensive
services to increase opportunities and enable miners to earn more. Binance
Pool connects miners to Binance’s suite of financial products, including
Binance Futures, Spot & Margin trading, Binance Lending, and Binance Staking.

Binance Pool will support both PoW (proof-of-work) and PoS (proof-of-stake)
mechanisms for mining, made possible by Binance’s technology and computing
power. The platform is first launching with a bitcoin mining service, with
support for more cryptocurrencies and more customized services to come.

[Binance Pool](https://pool.binance.com/) offers the following benefits:

  * **Lowest fees in the market**. Exchange-powered mining pools offer lower fees in general. With Binance Pool, we are driving expenses lower to offer the most attractive service in the market.

  * **Global tech expertise**. Right from its launch, Binance Pool is led by the team of seasoned professionals, with top-notch operating expertise and know-how of the latest mining technologies and equipment.

  * More decentralized mining field. The launch of Binance Pool represents the entry of one more competitor to the hashing power of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. 

  * **More secure blockchain networks**. The further decentralization of Bitcoin mining also results in more difficulty when it comes to attacking the Bitcoin network.

  * Comprehensive financial services. Now, you can connect crypto mining to the most wide-reaching product suite of crypto financial services in the market.

  * **Better services for miners**. Binance is synonymous with constant enhancement, and our dedicated team of mining pool experts will deliver various updates on Binance Pool to turn it into the most rewarding mining pool in the market.

  * Protection to miners regardless of the market. We are committed to fully leveraging the global influence of Binance to connect the mining ecosystem to industrial resources and provide miners with financial services such as low fees and lending services with low loan-to-value ratios.

  * Support for both proof-of-work and proof-of-stake mining mechanisms. Binance Pool will begin with a Bitcoin mining service, and we will expand into more cryptocurrencies soon.

Binance Pool is launching with a bitcoin mining solution plus a special offer
of zero-fee starting rate for Bitcoin miners for our first month. [Sign up
here to avail of this promo](https://forms.gle/CrntCBFSxSREum6p7). All new and
existing Binance users can access Binance Pool directly from Binance.com, with
fee rates under 2.5%.

For more information on Binance Pool, visit
[pool.binance.com](https://pool.binance.com/). If you want to learn more about
our VIP program, email us at
[poolvip@binance.com](mailto:poolvip@binance.com).

An Overview of the Crypto Mining Industry and Where Binance Pool Fits

[Cryptocurrency mining](https://www.binance.vision/blockchain/what-is-
cryptocurrency-mining) is the process in which transactions between users are
verified and added into the blockchain public ledger. Over time, mining pools
were formed where miners could combine their resources, share their processing
power over a network, then split the reward equally among everyone in
proportion to their contribution to the process.

In general, there are two types of mining pools: traditional and exchange,
which are pools created by crypto exchanges like Binance. While the process of
combining network power is similar for the two types, for traditional crypto
mining pools, rewards are sent to blockchain addresses of each participating
miner, whereas for exchange pools, rewards go directly to the participants’
exchange accounts.

As an exchange-based mining pool, Binance Pool offers a unique opportunity for
miners to participate in a more globally-dispersed network corresponding with
our user base. We are combining the usual benefits of a mining pool, plus a
few enhancements of our own like promotions and competitive fees, with the
most comprehensive crypto-financial product suite available in the market
today.

With functions such as buying, trading, staking, saving, earning, borrowing,
and now mining under one roof, we offer unparalleled convenience.

Opportunities and Challenges Ahead for the Crypto Mining Industry

The launch of Binance Pool coincides with major shifts in the crypto industry.
The most anticipated of these changes is the impending Bitcoin halving event
in May. The previous two halving events were linked to rapid changes in the
entire cryptocurrency industry, and the third halving event for Bitcoin will
bring its own set of opportunities and challenges. Meanwhile, major changes in
other major cryptocurrencies are on the horizon, such as Ethereum’s impending
shift to proof-of-stake consensus.

With Binance Pool’s launch, we are contributing to the changes that will take
place in the crypto mining industry. In itself, the launch of Binance Pool
adds another player into the world of crypto mining and makes BTC hash power
more decentralized. We also offer the Binance brand of execution and
continuous improvement in crypto mining, with upcoming customized services and
support for more cryptocurrencies lined up soon.

Binance Pool and the Binance Ecosystem

Binance Pool will be integrated into the Binance ecosystem as the newest
addition to our suite of financial crypto platforms. At the moment, here’s how
our comprehensive suite of crypto services will complement one another:

  * Buy crypto on Binance.com [via debit or credit cards](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto?channel=hzBankcard&fiat=USD) and trusted third-party payment partners, as well as through [Binance P2P](https://p2p.binance.com/) (peer-to-peer fiat-to-crypto buying) and [Binance Widget](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684900476/-Binance-Widget-Buy-Sell-and-Trade-Crypto-Directly-on-Any-Website-or-Platform) (interface for buying crypto on several websites and platforms.

  * Trade crypto on several markets: [Binance Spot](https://www.binance.com/en) for spot prices on 200+ cryptocurrencies, [Binance Margin](https://www.binance.vision/tutorials/binance-margin-trading-guide) for leveraged trading on spot prices, [Binance Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/) for leveraged derivatives trading on 24 major cryptocurrencies, and the newly-launched [Binance Options](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684900519/Heres-What-You-Need-To-Know-About-Binance-Options) for call and put options on major cryptocurrencies.

  * Grow your crypto through our crypto finance services such as [Binance Savings](https://www.binance.com/en/lending) (set aside crypto funds to earn interest) and [Binance Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/staking) (store proof-of-stake cryptocurrencies on your Binance account to earn staking rewards automatically.)

  * Borrow crypto that you need through [Binance Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/loan) to obtain the USDT or BUSD you need at the moment.

  * Transact large amounts of crypto through [Binance OTC](https://otc.binance.com/en) services, for trading large volumes without moving markets.

For more information, visit the [Binance Pool
website](http://pool.binance.com/) today!

Like this post

###### Share Post

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

