[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL3RoZS1nb29kLWRlZWQtY2hhbGxlbmdlLXRyYW5zZm9ybS1pZGVhcy1pbnRvLWltcGFjdC10aGlzLXJhbWFkYW4tMjEyMjYyNTkzNzc4MDkwNjM5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL3RoZS1nb29kLWRlZWQtY2hhbGxlbmdlLXRyYW5zZm9ybS1pZGVhcy1pbnRvLWltcGFjdC10aGlzLXJhbWFkYW4tMjEyMjYyNTkzNzc4MDkwNjM5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# The Good Deed Challenge: Transform Ideas into Impact This Ramadan

2024-03-18

## Main Takeaways

  * Participate in the Binance [_Good Deed Challenge_](https://www.binance.com/en/survey/e71a6786f19d426b8bc1487bcc47206c) this Ramadan to contribute, vote on, and implement charitable initiatives with up to 10,000 FDUSD in support.

  * Submit your charitable ideas between March 18-21, engage in community voting from March 25-27, and witness the announcement of the winning initiative on March 27.

  * Join us in celebrating the spirit of giving as part of our wider [_Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) , featuring over $400,000 in rewards and continuous engagement activities.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240317/099f2536-30ed-487e-aad7-9949d60c2e7f)

As we journey through the sacred month of Ramadan, our calendar of celebratory
activities continues — packed full of discovery, giving, and community. In
keeping with these values, we’re excited to announce the ‘Good Deed
Challenge’, launching on March 18, 2024 as Day 8 of our Ramadan Calendar.

This challenge is designed to harness the collective creativity and
philanthropy of our community, inviting everyone to propose charitable
initiatives that can make a difference. In this blog we delve deeper into the
structure of this campaign, illustrating how you can contribute your ideas and
help bring them to life.

Ready to make a difference? Share your charity ideas this Ramadan. Binance
will provide up to 10,000 FDUSD to make the best one happen. Read on to get
started!

## Empowering Change Through the Good Deed Challenge

At the heart of the Good Deed Challenge lies a simple objective: to engage you
in charitable initiatives. We want to unleash our collective power and
creativity to identify and execute projects that can leave a lasting positive
impact on communities in need. This isn’t just about giving back; it’s about
empowering you to be a catalyst for change.

We aim to inspire creativity, encouraging participants to think outside the
box and propose initiatives that are not only impactful, but also sustainable
and feasible. This is an opportunity for our community members to showcase
their innovative ideas and vision for a better world, turning the principles
of Ramadan into actionable projects.

## How Does The Good Deed Challenge Work?

In this section, we break down the Good Deed Challenge, outlining key dates
for submissions, selection, and the winner’s announcement. Discover the
process for picking a winner, the rewards involved, and how we’ll bring the
winning idea to life.

### Submission Phase: March 18 to March 21, 2024

The challenge starts with inviting community members to submit charitable
ideas via our [_Binance
Survey_](https://www.binance.com/en/survey/e71a6786f19d426b8bc1487bcc47206c)
and social media. We’re looking for submissions that blend innovation with
feasibility, impact, and sustainability. Proposals should detail the goals,
steps, and expected outcomes, providing a clear path to making a real
difference.

### Selection Process: March 21 to March 27, 2024

Following the submission deadline, the next phase begins on March 21. The top
three initiatives will be chosen based on their alignment with the criteria
and potential to inspire the community. Then, from March 25-27, we’ll open the
vote to [_our users on X_](https://twitter.com/binancearabic?lang=en) ,
boosting awareness and involving the community in the final decision-making
process.

### Winner Announcement: March 27, 2024

The initiative that receives the most community votes will be celebrated as
the winner. The individual behind the chosen idea will receive a 1,000 FDUSD
reward for their creativity and commitment. Additionally, 9,000 FDUSD will
support the winning idea’s implementation, with Binance working with NGOs to
ensure effective execution. We’ll also be keeping the community updated with
regular progress reports.

## How to Participate: A Step-by-Step Guide

Taking part in the Good Deed Challenge is straightforward, and accessible for
everyone. Here’s how you can get involved and make a difference this Ramadan:

### Step 1: Submit Your Initiative

**1\. Brainstorm:** Think about a charitable initiative that you’re passionate
about. Consider its feasibility, impact, and sustainability.

**2\. Detail Your Plan:** Prepare a detailed submission that outlines your
proposed initiative. Include objectives, execution steps, and expected
outcomes.

**3\. Submit:** Use the [_Binance Survey
link_](https://www.binance.com/en/survey/e71a6786f19d426b8bc1487bcc47206c) to
submit your idea. You can also share your initiative directly on our social
platforms under the campaign announcement post.

### Step 2: Engage in the Selection Process

**1\. Stay Updated:** Follow our official [_social
media_](https://twitter.com/binancearabic?lang=en) accounts to get updates on
when the voting phase begins.

**2\. Review and Vote:** Once the top initiatives are shared on our platforms,
review them and vote for the one you believe has the most significant
potential for positive impact.

**3\. Spread the Word:** Encourage others in your network to participate in
the voting process. The more community involvement, the better!

### Step 3: Support and Follow the Winning Initiative

**1\. Winner Announcement:** Stay tuned to our social media channels for the
announcement of the winning initiative on March 27, 2024.

**2\. Follow the Journey:** Engage with regular updates shared by Binance,
documenting the execution phase of the winning initiative.

**3\. Amplify:** Use your social media presence to amplify the progress and
success stories of the initiative, further supporting the cause and spreading
awareness.

By following these steps, you can contribute to a campaign that goes beyond
participation, towards fostering a community-driven force for good. Let’s
bring the values of generosity, empathy, and kindness to life this Ramadan.

## The Binance Ramadan Calendar: $400,000 of Rewards

‘The Good Deed Challenge’ marks Day 8 of our wider [_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) , an
engaging series of activities running from March 11 to March 20. This online
calendar features a blend of daily rewards, livestreams, and community
activities. With more than $400,000 in rewards to be distributed, we hope to
inspire during this special time.

### Three ‘Always On’ Activities

As well as the activities to be unlocked each day through March 11-20, our
[_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) features
a number of ‘Always On’ activities, offering **free** and **daily** chances to
win rewards. The three activities running throughout the duration are:

  1. [_Riddle Me This Ramadan_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/riddle-me-this-ramadan-share-community-rewards-worth-15-000-in-fdusd-0b074755b3ca4f5997658e0d3eeee785) : Share a $15,000 reward pool in FDUSD!

  2. [_Red Packet Giveaway_](https://binance.onelink.me/y874/5dioq6ym?af_force_deeplink=true) : Claim your FREE Red Packet containing a crypto reward.

  3. [_Fawazir Social Media Contest_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/fawazir-ramadan-solve-riddles-on-x-for-rewards-5800051197490022993) : Solve riddles on X for rewards!

## Final Thoughts: Join the Good Deed Challenge This Ramadan

This Ramadan, our Good Deed Challenge embodies the spirit of community,
creativity, and charity, transforming collective action into meaningful
change. We invite you to make a difference by submitting your charitable
ideas, voting on initiatives, or spreading the word. Every action contributes
to a global effort of kindness and renewal.

Share your journey and impact on social media with #RamadanWithBinance, and
let’s amplify our collective good deeds. Visit our [_survey
page_](https://www.binance.com/en/survey/e71a6786f19d426b8bc1487bcc47206c) to
take part, and [_follow us on X_](https://twitter.com/binancearabic?lang=en)
to stay updated and engaged. Warm wishes for a blessed Ramadan.

## Further Reading

  * [ _The Binance Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024)

  * [ _Fawazir Ramadan: Solve Riddles on X for Rewards!_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/fawazir-ramadan-solve-riddles-on-x-for-rewards-5800051197490022993)

  * [_**Give Back to The World: Feeding Families This Ramadan**_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/give-back-to-the-world-feeding-families-this-ramadan-8852525686512442210)

* * *

**Risk Disclaimer** : _Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,043,702 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

The Good Deed Challenge: Transform Ideas into Impact This Ramadan

Main Takeaways

Empowering Change Through the Good Deed Challenge

How Does The Good Deed Challenge Work?

How to Participate: A Step-by-Step Guide

The Binance Ramadan Calendar: $400,000 of Rewards

Final Thoughts: Join the Good Deed Challenge This Ramadan

Further Reading

195,043,702 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

