Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 23

# The Sovereignty Stack: Re-thinking Digital Identity for Web3.0

  *  __ October 1, 2021
  *  __41 min
  *  __Hosted by Adrien Treccani (CEO, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fthe-sovereignty-stack-re-thinking-digital-identity-for-web3-0-w-greg-kidd%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fthe-sovereignty-stack-re-thinking-digital-identity-for-web3-0-w-greg-kidd%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

For this episode of  [METACO
Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/) we discussed digital
identity with [Greg Kidd](https://www.linkedin.com/in/gregkidd/), co-founder
and CEO of [Global ID](https://global.id/). Greg is a serial entrepreneur who
is probably best known for founding and taking public Dispatch Management
Services Corp, the world’s largest on demand dispatch network for urgent
deliveries. In a highly interesting career so far, Greg was also Chief Risk
Officer at Ripple Labs and a senior analyst for the Board of Governors of the
Federal Reserve in Washington. In his latest venture Global ID, Greg is acting
on his long-held belief that people’s identity should be truly portable and
owned by individuals themselves rather than corporations or governments.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:01:29]**  The “Sovereignty Stack”

**[00:04:02]**  Digital identity and how Digital IDs should work

**[00:14:47]**  How Digital Identity impacts Decentralized Finance

**[00:24:06]**  Second order benefits of a truly portable and self-sovereign
digital identity



_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:00] **Adrien:**  Welcome to the 23rd episode of METACO Talks; our
series of live conversations with the people at the forefront of innovation
around decentralized finance. Today, we move one step beyond our usual focus
on banking and crypto, and that is because today we have a special guest, Greg
Kidd.

Greg’s background is incredibly rich in achievements, that whatever I say is
probably going to be an understatement but allow me to try and give a fair
description of everything he achieved. First of all, Greg is a serial
entrepreneur, having founded multiple startups with one of them exceeding into
the public markets. He then went to become an early-stage investor. A very
inspired one, I might add – in companies like Twitter, Square, Coinbase, and
Filecoin. I think I should give you a call Greg, next time when I decided
about my investments. He was also the XCRO at Ripple, and a senior analyst for
the board of governors at the Federal Reserve in Washington.

His latest venture as founder and CEO is GlobaliD, the neutral and portable
digital identity framework that allows individuals and entities to securely
and privately manage all their permissions and money, transcending borders and
institutions.

Greg, welcome again to METACO Talks. Hello!



[00:01:27] **Greg:**  Thank you for having me.



[00:01:29] **Adrien:**  Greg, I want to start with something which may be a
stupid question, but for me every identity is already digital. Even my
passport has some form of a chip and it holds digital information. When you
speak about digital identity, what do you mean by this?



[00:01:48] **Greg:**  We’re talking about a special kind of digital identity,
which we call self-sovereign digital identity, which means you own your
identity and how to cache it locally, could be on a phone, could be on a card
– as opposed to a form of identity that the government owns, or Facebook, or
some other top-down player owns.

The question is how do you get credentials in your hands that can’t really be
taken away? Where you go out, you go on an Easter egg of credentials. You
might collect them about your phone number, your government ID, your bank
account, your social media; might even be vouchers for your friends. But once
you have them, could be your graduation diploma, you don’t have to keep going
back to your university to get them to prove that you graduated to another
institution. You ought to be able to prove your identity for purposes of
whether it’s sending messages or moving money or any permission. It could be
medical records, could be voting, but it ought to be in your hands as opposed
to you being dependent on some higher power.



[00:02:52] **Adrien:**  In a way you’re saying that my identity is the sum of
all my attributes, all my achievements. Is that what you mean?



[00:03:01] **Greg:**  There’s an expression in philosophy called a bundle of
sticks. Our identity is really that bundle of sticks. It could even include
things like, I own a particular bicycle that I really identify with. It’s all
those attributes that persist over time, and if you can’t prove them and if
you can’t control, you’re not in control of your identity. If you have to ask
someone else’s permission to prove or establish your own identity, once again,
you’re not really in control of your identity.

When we talk about digital identity and self-sovereignty, we’re talking about
a form that you can control, and that also should be a form that’s
interoperable. It shouldn’t live within one app. You want to be able to take
those credentials in any other platform. We’re not anti-company or anti-
government, but any company or government that’s willing to recognize those
credentials should be able to identify you, authenticate you, and then
authorize you to do the things you want to do.



[00:04:02] **Adrien:**  Can I compare this to: Bitcoin is to money what your
initiative and company is to identity? It’s a way to decentralize, make peer-
to-peer, put you in control of your assets and potentially who you are?



[00:04:17] **Greg:**  Bitcoin is a great analogy. Bitcoin is decentralized.
Anybody who has that private key can basically verify that they control that
Bitcoin address, that Bitcoin account. Now, that is a bit of a mad max version
of self-sovereignty, because you’re not identifying who you are, you’re just
identifying you have a key. In the mad max world, when somebody asks to get
gasoline or food, and you’re saying, “Well, why should I give it to you?” They
say, “Because I have a gun and mine’s bigger than yours.”

Having that private key when nobody else has that private key gives you a
certain form of power. But it’s not based on identity, it’s based on the kind
of power you have. If you find a $20 bill in the street, you can go out and do
as much as you can do with $20. It’s a bearer bond instrument. But it does
establish the concept that there’s nobody in charge up top, that you’re in
charge of your destiny. We’re just taking it to a form that isn’t just a
bearer bond, just a promise and a proof that you have a private key. It is
that you can say you are who you are, you have the credentials that you are
who you are. Yet you don’t even have to say who that person is. You can prove
that whether you’re a member of a particular club, you might be over a certain
age, you might have a credential to fly a helicopter. You can prove all those
things without having to sacrifice your privacy and say who you are.

You can say who you are if you want to, but you ought to be able to prove your
identity to a level to get the permissions you want without having to give up
your most private information and details. That’s an extension of self-
sovereignty that empowers you to be over control of your identity and not just
give it up; to basically only relay on a need-to-know basis what information
is necessary for you to authenticate yourself and authorize the permissions
that you’re seeking.



[00:06:12] **Adrien:**  That makes perfect sense. Why would I tell Netflix
that I am from Switzerland if I can just prove that I’m 18 years old to watch
the latest action movies?

I think it opens dozens of questions to ask, but let’s just start with a very
short introduction. You have this background, which is extremely versatile.
You’ve been involved in multiple crypto companies. How did you go from working
at Ripple, investing in many of the successful crypto ventures, and now being
again an entrepreneur and moving into identity? What’s the logical path here?



[00:06:45] **Greg:**  Well, I wish I could say it’s a perfectly logical path,
but it’s more of, if you’ve ever seen the movie _Forest Gump_ , where he just
stumbles into one thing after another. I have to admit, when I heard about
Bitcoin, it was very interesting. But there was no Bitcoin company. You
couldn’t join a Bitcoin company. When Ripple came along, it was the first
company where there was something to join. I heard about it in a poker game.
One of the players at the poker game knew Chris Larson and the crew that was
starting Ripple. I went to them.

I think I was the 10th person at Ripple that said, “Hey, I think you need a
chief risk officer, and it can help you with compliance.” People back then
were like, “Well, why would we have to worry about compliance and risk?” I’m
like, “I’ve got to tell you, the regulators, when they hear about this and
figure this out, they’re going to be coming to you. You might want to get
ahead of that.”

It was just a chance to be involved in crypto with an actual company, where
you could go to work, have a desk, sit down and learn more. I was very
fortunate to learn about crypto from some of the early Bitcoin innovators.
They were just trying to create a form of crypto that had two additional
fields in the spreadsheet. Bitcoin is just what account, and how much? Ripple
added also what’s the currency and who’s the issuer? It was just the next
step, and that was my intro to crypto.

I was fortunate to be around Y Combinator when the founder of Filecoin came
along, and he had this little white paper about proof of stake. Now everybody
takes proof of stake for granted now, but there was an original white paper.
This was the only guy in Y Combinator that didn’t have a team. But he had a
white paper. I could only understand the first paper, but I had that attitude
maybe I ought to put a little money into that. That’s how I got to be that
first investor in that first round of Protocol Labs.

The same thing happened for Coinbase. Again, Brian was in Y Combinator. He and
his founders split. One made custodial wallet, that’s Brian; the other went
the other way to start [www.blockchain.com](http://www.blockchain.com/), the
largest non-customer. Both good ideas. Just happened to be at the launches
where those things were happening. Pretty much the same thing, like a big one
now is Solana, which is the fastest blockchain. It’s the cheapest blockchain.
When I met Anatoli, he had an accent and I had to ask him, “Where are you
from?” He said, “I am from the Soviet Union.” I thought that was an
interesting answer. Again, he had proof of history, which is a way of
basically using an atomic to put a bunch of events together very quickly so
that you can have a blockchain that is blisteringly fast.

Fortunate to be around at the start of proof of work, Consensus, which came
from Ripple; proof of stake, which came with Filecoin and Protocol Labs; and
then proof of history. I don’t know anyone else who just happened to be at
those barbecues, but I was just lucky enough to be there just like _Forest
Gump._



[00:09:33] **Adrien:**  Well, I really hope you invite me to your next with
them. It feels like it’s a good environment to be in!

You spoke about Bitcoin as a bit the mad max, in the sense that you have your
private key and this is the only way to authenticate against network. But then
you speak about self-sovereign identity. I asked myself, “How do I protect
this?” Is it also with cryptography and therefore with a private key? If it is
with a private key, then why is it less of a mad max approach to authenticate?



[00:10:00] **Greg:**  The funny thing is there’s authentication, which means
you have the technical private key to match with the public key. That’s what’s
always happening under the hood. But just because you have the private key
doesn’t mean you didn’t get it by like knocking somebody over the head with a
brick, taking the private key and using it. We do still live in a world, in
some parts of the world, of law with rules. The concept of authentication and
authorization is based on being the actual, legitimate, legal owner of that
key. We don’t live in a world where we go around, we can only remember so many
numbers. We live in a world of words. Words means like the name; your public
key could be your name, and the private key should just be buried away, not
like a password that’s easily hackable.

If you want to bring things up and have them be trusted and not mad max, yet
still secure, we need to go to things like language, which is matching a
username, just like we have in Twitter or Skype, to something that we have but
isn’t hackable. A phone number and email address, those are not great secure
systems. But if we embed something into a mobile phone or onto a card, and we
also have controls that know when those things are being used in a pattern
that looks unusual, you can give backups and multikey environment to other
friends of yours. You don’t have to give it to a central authority. We can
begin to build something that’s much more human than just the public private
key pairing of Bitcoin.

That’s the technology of the cryptography that’s under the hood, whether it’s
Bitcoin or any of these other chains that have come. But some of these other
chains have added functionality. Or in our case, what we’re asking is, what do
blockchains look like where identity is built in at the chain level rather
than thought about later on at the wallet level? We’re asking for the first
time: why don’t you start building some chains where you can’t do a
transaction or hold value, unless there’s some level of verification? That
doesn’t mean we know who you are. We just know that you’ve gone through a
proof, and we can show the level of proof you have without having the keys to
get in there.

Anybody can come to GlobaliD with a warrant. A government can come, somebody
can put a gun to my head and they say, “We want all your data!” I’m like,
“Here it is.” They say, “Where are the keys?” I’m like, “I don’t have them. We
just wrote the protocol. We didn’t give a key to ourselves.”

Or the Chinese government can say, “We’re really mad you have all this
encrypted data in China. We need access to that.” Well, here’s the key, if
that’s what it takes to compete in China. We’re not going to unencrypt the
data if they just say that by law in China they have to have a copy of the
key. That’s China, that’s not necessarily the world I want to live in. That’s
like the Orwellian world. There’s the mad max world. I don’t want to live in
the Facebook world either, which is the creepy Facebook world.

I also have to admit, I’m not that excited about the GDPR world of Europe,
where every time you go to a website, you’re just clicking on another button
as if that’s doing something. This concept of the right to be forgotten, I
don’t know whether people in Europe just watch the movie _Back to The Future_
too often, that after you’ve shared some data and you tell someone to forget
about it, that cleans up the problem. I come from the Nancy Reagan world.
Nancy Reagan was just like, “Just say no.” Don’t share the data in the first
place. Share zero knowledge proof. They don’t need the data, unless they
actually have a request by a regulator to file a suspicious activity report
and go through an audit. Give people access to the data, don’t create a bunch
of honeypots of data. That’s really the situation that Europe’s in.

None of these situations: the GDPR approach of Europe, the creepy Facebook
approach, the telegram mad max approach, or the Orwellian Chinese approach, is
anywhere near the world I want to live. I want to live in the Star Trek world,
where when you come to the door they know to open it. But if you’re Klingon or
a Romulan, the door doesn’t open – except in later episodes when those guys
are allies.

You’ve got to build in that solution those missing episodes that explain how
the Star Trek world operates. That’s what we in these portfolio companies that
we’re investing in, are working on today. That’s why it is a super exciting
time to be involved in DeFi now, NFTs, identity. This is it. This is the
chance to build that future world, and have it be an alternative to the legacy
rails, which are 50 years old, that we’ve been just been milking for the last
five decades.



[00:14:47] **Adrien:**  You’re preaching to the converted. How do you see your
platform connecting to an existing service? First of all, is it a form of
blockchain? Is it a database? Is it a decentralized database? What
infrastructure do you need, and is it something that blockchains need to
explicitly embed in their protocols, or is it something which is an open
protocol that anybody can plug to GFI, to smart contracts, or any other use
case in this decentralized finance world?



[00:15:13] **Greg:**  Just taking a step back, GlobaliD, there’s a lot of
identity companies out there. We’re customers of those other identity
companies. A company like a Verif or an Onfido, or even Trulioo that can
roundtrip a phone number, or a Plaid that can connect you to a bank account –
many of those services are out there. All we do is direct people to those
services. We build in the links to those, so they can go and collect that
Easter egg.

Then we run a namespace. The namespace is really simple: it just makes sure no
two people have the same name. You can have multiple names, you have multiple
identities, but no two people or groups can have the same name. The role we’re
playing is much like what Network Solutions did back in the 1990s, when they
created a namespace for the worldwide web to hide away all the complexity of
IP addresses. The only alternative to that back then was to go to the walled
garden of Copy Serve or American Online – those all sucked. But at the time
they were at least something that an average person could use because the
internet was too confusing for the average person or average business until
the worldwide web came along. It created DNS, the domain name system. What the
domain name system was for the internet, which meant it was one domain name
system. Didn’t matter if you were a Chinese business, or a Brazilian business,
you still had done duh and duh dot com.

We’re just doing for identity. It doesn’t matter what company or where you
live, just pick a name and make sure nobody else has it. Go collect a bunch of
Easter eggs, and that’s your identity credentials.

But what we’re also adding to that, which is a pain in the ass, takes a lot of
time, and we’re not that good at and trying to get better at, is what good is
identity if you can’t do something with it? One of the things we do with
identity, we communicate with other people, and prove. Like, when I come to
this Zoom call, am I who I say I am, or was I just someone who had the
password? How do I prove that it’s me, and that my identity is my ticket in? I
can message, I can do audiovisual calls, we can document so we don’t have
MeToo moments and we don’t have _Black Lives Matter_  moments, because we can
create a trusted record of our interactions.

Then a very special case of messaging is moving money. How do I prove I
control these funds, I can send these funds, I can spend these funds I can
move these funds? We think that when you get an identity, you ought to get
control over all your messages and media, as well as all your money and value.
You should never be in a situation where somebody just takes away your
identity and you lose your history of all your messages or all your media. We
need to be censorship resistant. Same thing with. Shouldn’t everyone who has
an identity automatically have a noncustodial wallet? It doesn’t mean you
can’t have a custodial wallet too, but shouldn’t you have something so that
anybody who wants to send you value, they don’t have to ask you an account
number? They just send it to your name because they know you at least have a
noncustodial wallet. Maybe you have a custodial wallet too, and you can set
your router as to where it ends up, but nobody should need to know anything
about your accounts. They just need to know you’ve got a bucket, an in-basket,
whether it’s for a message coming to you, a file, money.

To us, identity is more than that name and the credentials. It’s the ability
to do things with it. The basic building blocks for that is messages and
money. We try to build out that infrastructure. It’s still not all there. It’s
not to the level that you would expect if you were using already WhatsApp or a
wallet, pick your favorite wallet whether it’s Square or whatever. That’s the
goal. We’re not looking to be the best in those areas, just like we’re not
looking to be the best in audiovisual calls or Slack-like groups, but we
expect those things to be part of your bundle of goods, your basket of sticks,
that are what you can do with your identity. Everybody ought to have that seat
at the table. That’s baseline.

That’s the scope of what we’re doing. It’s an ambitious scope. It means that
there could be a world that’s different from Facebook. A world where when you
join groups, you know the other people in the group aren’t a troll or a dog or
whatever, and yet you’re not having to like give up all of this identity
information either to other people in the group or to Facebook and face align
a life of spam and ads.

I feel partly responsible because I was around at the beginning of Twitter.
Twitter’s become part of the polarization forces in the world today. A lot of
adverse behavior happens, and part of that is because while we democratized so
that anybody could publish, we didn’t really have very good identity controls.
Now we’ve had a bunch of nefarious effects on things like election outcomes
and whatnot. I feel guilty about some of the things that I’ve been associated
with, that we dropped on the world that had unintended consequences. I have a
lot of crosses to bear.



[00:20:19] **Adrien:**  What does it mean practically for the techies that are
listening to us? How do I integrate your service? How do I use it in a
completely different environment? Let’s say, I’m now an Ethereum smart
contract user, and I want to authenticate myself to that liquidity pool or to
this decentralized exchange. How will I connect my identity to this other
service?



[00:20:40] **Greg:**  Let me put this statement out there to anybody who’s
working on smart contracts, whether the building on top of Ethereum, or
building on top of Solana: who’s going to sign your smart contracts and what
are they going to sign it with? You can have a title registry for all the
diamonds in the world or all the cars or all the art, and if that registry is
just signed with a bunch of private keys how do you think that’s going to work
for compliance? Things like money laundering? You’re going to have to sign it
with something that goes back to a real person. It’s called the UBO; the
ultimate beneficial owner. You’re going to have to green DeFi. You’re going to
have to make DeFi be green.

Right now the regulators are over their heads. They don’t really know how and
what to do about DeFi, but they can really mess you up, and they will really
mess up DeFi if they think it’s just an end run to avoid all the compliance
and controls that are meant for the custodial world.

What GlobaliD is, it’s just a way, instead of giving out a private key, you
give out a private key that is part and matched with an identity. The identity
can be very lightweight. It might just be round tripping a mobile phone
number, but it is saying that in the smart contract, to complete the smart
contract, it’s not just enough that you get a private key and you’re off, and
anybody with that private key in the future, if it’s something that gives a
commission when you resell, that as long as you have the private key you get
the money. Well, you can do that. But I can sure as hell tell you, that’s not
going to be compliant. While that’s technically authentication and money will
be paid out, you can be sure that guys with guns and badges are going to come
knocking on the door. They won’t come knocking on the door for five bucks or
ten bucks, but this gets to scale, when Colonial gets shut down those
anonymous Bitcoin addresses are not so much anonymous. When people really want
to track you down and you’ve been involved in silk road or ransomware; the
Americans, the Russians, the Chinese, all these other countries, they’re not
stupid. They can look through a tumbler, they can use Chainalysis, they can
use AntChain. If somebody steals a big enough amount of money for me, I’m
going to be involved in tracking it down, and you can be sure the authorities
will be too.

We’re trying to get ahead of that. Developers who want to be on the green side
of compliance, I strongly suggest rather than trying to solve this problem
from scratch, look at a neutral solution like GlobaliD. We’re not committed to
any set of identity providers. Just pick whatever identity providers you want,
tell people to come with that credential, and that’s your defense. That’s your
explanation. That’s your playbook to show to officials that say, why did you
build the system with no controls?

We DeFi. We love that’s it’s bottom up; we love that everybody gets a seat at
the table. But we’re not doing this as an end run around compliance. Right
now, all these DeFi wallets on Ethereum generally don’t have identity built
in. Everything that’s happening on DeFi is basically without identity. Then
everything with custodial wallets is generally with identity. That doesn’t
make sense. Why shouldn’t the credentials for non-custodial wallets and smart
contracts be as good or better than what we have in the custodial legacy world
today? We can build a better diamond registry; let’s do it.



[00:24:06] **Adrien:**  I agree. I’m going to ask you a tricky question. Well,
maybe for you it’s not tricky. Identity solutions, I think I’ve seen hundreds
of companies that have tried to emerge in these markets, and way before DeFi
became a thing. Many of them seem to have remained at the stage of great
technology, but have failed at getting mass adoption that makes it a standard.
How do you see that today the stars are aligned, that you have potentially
better adoption of decentralized protocols that would benefit from identity?
What are the arguments that you feel are making it now the right timing for
such technologies to emerge?



[00:24:46] **Greg:**  Well, most of the identity companies today, and some of
which have been very successful, like SAS companies – they sell identity
solutions to exist in corporations or digital wallets – they’re basically
building siloed solutions. It’s like we got in the time machine and went back
to the day of America Online. Each of them had an identity solution that
worked within their silo.

But what that means is, if you’ve ever seen the movie _Highlander_ , where
there’s this guy, he’s got the sword, he’s got to defeat all the other people
that have a sword, and at the end one sword to rule them all, you have to
believe that your identity solution is going to kill everybody else’s, and
then they’ll have interoperability because everybody else is dead. I don’t
think that’s generally the way it turns out in history for a whole bunch of
reasons.

All those solutions, no matter how technologically good or robust they are,
they’re in a silo. You can have an NBA Hotshots, but you’ve got to do
everything in NBA Hotshots. It’s like in Europe now. I’ve been traveling,
you’re going to have a European COVID credential, America’s got COVID
credential. You have all these COVID credentials that live in COVID apps, but
it doesn’t work when you go between countries. You need a COVID credential
that any app can read. Don’t build the credential that only works within the
app. The types of identity solutions that you need to build have got to work
with your competitors. They have to inter operate.

That concept of interoperation, it is anathema to most identity companies,
just like the concept that Facebook and Twitter would work together so that
when you make a video and vine on Twitter it works on Facebook. But if
Facebook is going to go and blow up things that work perfectly well just
because they can, phone companies aren’t going to cooperate so that an M-Pesa
like solution in Kenya can work across Africa. Guess what? You’re not going to
make any progress. Doesn’t matter if you have the best technology in the
world. If you have a foundation of proprietary anti-competitive behavior
that’s going to work against interoperability, you’re not going to get
innovation that’s inclusive. Those are all the I-words: interoperability,
innovation, inclusiveness.

The current generation of leaders, whether in identity companies or social
networks, or that run the mobile operating systems, they don’t play nice in
the sandbox. Just like banks don’t play nice with phone companies, don’t play
nice with merchants, right now, and just like the internet was before the
worldwide web came along, everything is in silos. The people that are invested
in those companies, it’s very unlikely that they’re going to disrupt
themselves by making their current stacks open. They can talk about it, but
look at what they do. Look at what all those industries do. Look at what Visa
and MasterCard do, no matter how many platitudes they say.

My next conversation at Money 2020, the topic is a little touchy, because they
gave me a little runway. It’s called _When Do You Need To Litigate To
Innovate_? Some of these innovations, it’s not about the technology.
Technology has got to be there, but you’ve got to be willing to take on these
firms the way that Epic Games took on Apple You’re going to have to knock on
the door and not say, “Please sire, could I do this little?” You’re going to
have to say, “No, we’re going to sue you, because we need access, and we need
open solutions rather than closed solutions.” We’re very early on in that
period of time. But I am seeing a few identity companies, most are still the
traditional ones just looking to sell their next SAS client, but I do believe,
and DeFi will demand solutions that are interoperable. DeFi is interoperable
itself.

We have this tipping point that started to happen at the end of 2020, and it’s
gaining momentum in 2021. It is a blast seeing all sorts of new forms of value
come to the market. I have never seen such a bevy of opportunity as I have in
the first half of 2021. I’m really excited about the rest of this year.



[00:29:06] **Adrien:**  Well, Greg, this has been a fantastic discussion. I
want to finish on a simple question, which is: how fast do you think now these
new identity solutions and GlobaliD are going to be adopted massively to a
point where you can really use it for DeFi, you can use it for Netflix, you
can use it to cross the borders? When is this happening?



[00:29:26] **Greg:**  Well, we need another crisis, like COVID. COVID sped all
this up. A lot of bad things about COVID, but one thing that COVID did change
is now everybody’s working from home and they don’t have to go to the office
anymore. How privacy and security, how payments work, everybody’s starting to
move away from – that accelerated everything way beyond my imagination.

COVID is like tapering out now. We’re not getting any more after fumes. It
just depends on when the next crisis comes that causes us to figure out how to
take things to another level. It might be climate change, whatever. But I am
really excited about the next five years ahead. I expect in this period of
time, that people will start to have things like a noncustodial wallet, that
isn’t just a geeky technical thing. It’s a seat at the table.

I’m predicting that within five years, a lot of people will hold a certain
amount of value and will do a certain amount of their transactions with funds
that are electronic, controlled by them, that don’t rely on any other
custodian. They’ll just rely on themselves. It’s not because they’re geeks,
it’s because the non-custodial world will have access and acceptability. It’ll
start to compete with what’s out there in the custodial. You know what? It’ll
pay a lot better interest rates, because staking and whatnot, is much better
economic returns when you have your money invested in something that doesn’t
have all the intermediaries skimming everything off. I’m excited about the
next five years.



[00:30:59] **Adrien:**  That’s a great conclusion, Greg. Thank you very much
for your time. It’s been a fantastic discussion.

For everybody that’s listening today, the next METACO Talks is going to be in
two weeks, like usual. You’ll find the recording of this session on our social
networks and on our website. Please feel free to connect to the notes and to
register for the next episode. Thank you all.



[00:31:19] **Greg:**  Thank you. Take care.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[The Sovereignty Stack: Re-thinking Digital Identity for Web3.0 w/ Greg KIDD
[METACO TALKS #23]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyGggZ2pT1I)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyGggZ2pT1I&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 31:40•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyGggZ2pT1I "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CyGggZ2pT1I), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

