[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%81%D9%87%D8%B1%D8%B3)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E8%AF%8D%E6%B1%87%E8%A1%A8)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/glossaire)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/glossar)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%B3%D0%BB%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%81%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B9)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/glosario)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/%E7%94%A8%E8%AA%9E%E9%9B%86)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EC%9A%A9%EC%96%B4%EC%A7%91)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/sozluk)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/glossario)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%81%D9%87%D8%B1%D8%B3)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E8%AF%8D%E6%B1%87%E8%A1%A8)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/glossaire)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/glossar)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%B3%D0%BB%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%81%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B9)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/glosario)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/%E7%94%A8%E8%AA%9E%E9%9B%86)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EC%9A%A9%EC%96%B4%EC%A7%91)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/sozluk)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/glossario)

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * Crypto Glossary

# Crypto Glossary

Feeling left behind by all the crypto jargon? Let's simplify the world of web3
with clear and easy-to-understand explanations. Ledger Academy helps you
navigate the 'A to Z' of cryptocurrency and blockchain with simple crypto
definitions. Let's demystify the meaning behind crypto terminologies together
and get ready to talk web3 like a pro!

  * A
  * B
  * C
  * D
  * E
  * F
  * G
  * H
  * I
  * J
  * K
  * L
  * M
  * N
  * O
  * P
  * Q
  * R
  * S
  * T
  * U
  * V
  * W
  * Y
  * Z
  * #

## [Airdrop](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/airdrop)

A crypto airdrop is a marketing campaign where a project will deliver free
crypto tokens or coins to participating users’ wallets.

## [Akash Network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/akash-network)

Akash Network is an open-source and decentralized platform that facilitates
the buying and selling of cloud computing resources.

## [Algorithm](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/algorithm)

An algorithm is a set of well-defined instructions used to perform
calculations, accomplish a task, or solve a problem(s). The instructions must
be executed in a specific order to produce the desired outcome.

## [All Time High (ATH)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/all-time-
high)

All-Time High (ATH) refers to the highest price that a financial asset has
ever reached. The term is used to analyze traditional financial assets like
stocks and bonds, as well as digital assets like Bitcoin.

## [All-Time Low (ATL)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/all-time-low)

All-time low (ATL) refers to the lowest price a digital asset has ever reached
in its entire trading history.

## [Altcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/altcoin)

Altcoins refers to any other cryptocurrency apart from Bitcoin. They are
called altcoins because they are considered alternative currencies to Bitcoin.

## [Apeing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/apeing)

Apeing is crypto slang describing the practice of investing in a new project
without doing due diligence

## [Application Layer](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/application-
layer)

The application layer is the front-end layer of a blockchain, made up of
programs that allow users to interact with a blockchain network.

## [Artificial Intelligence
(A.I.)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/artificial-intelligence-a-i)

Artificial intelligence (AI) is the simulation of human-like intelligence by
machines or computer systems to accomplish tasks. It is also a computer
science field that focuses on creating intelligent systems.

## [Ask Price](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ask-price)

An ask price is the lowest amount at which a seller is willing to sell an
asset such as a stock, bond, or cryptocurrency.

## [Atomic Swap](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/atomic-swap)

An atomic swap is a peer-to-peer trading mechanism that facilitates the
exchange of digital assets across separate chains without using
intermediaries. It enables users to transfer cryptocurrencies via smart
contracts.

## [Automated Market Maker](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/automated-
market-maker)

An automated market maker defines the underlying protocol that provides
liquidity to decentralized exchanges and determines asset prices.

A

## [Bear Market](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bear-market)

A bear market is a lasting downward trend in the market when asset prices are
declining and supply is greater than demand.

## [BEP-20](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bep-20)

BEP-20 is a token standard extending Ethereum’s ERC-20 standards. It is the
token standard powering the Binance Smart Chain.

## [Bid Price](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bid-price)

The bid price is the highest price that a buyer is willing to pay for a
particular asset, such as a cryptocurrency or stock.

## [Bid-Ask Spread](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bid-ask-spread)

Bid-ask spread in crypto is the difference between the highest price a buyer
is willing to pay and the lowest price a seller is willing to accept for a
specific asset.

## [Bitcoin Core](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-core)

Bitcoin Core is the software used to connect to and interact with the Bitcoin
peer-to-peer network.

## [Bitcoin Dominance](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-
dominance)

Bitcoin dominance is the ratio between Bitcoin’s market cap and the market cap
of the entire cryptocurrency market.

## [Bitcoin Improvement Proposal
(BIP)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-improvement-proposal)

Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP) is the standard documentation format for
proposing changes to the Bitcoin network.

## [Bitcoin Inscriptions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-
inscriptions)

Bitcoin inscription is the process of embedding arbitrary data or content onto
a Satoshi, the smallest denomination of Bitcoin.

## [Bitcoin Maxi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-maxi)

A Bitcoin maximalist is a hardcore Bitcoin advocate who believes that Bitcoin
is sound money and trusts in BTC more than fiat or any other asset class.

## [Bitcoin OG](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-og)

Bitcoin OG, short for “Original Gangsta” or "Original Gangster,” is slang for
the earliest adopters of the cryptocurrency.

## [Bitcoin Runes](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-runes)

Bitcoin Runes are an alternative fungible token standard to the experimental
BRC20 standard.

## [Bitcoin Stamps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-stamps)

Bitcoin stamps define the technique of embedding metadata within Bitcoin
transaction outputs.

## [Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/block)

A block in a blockchain is a container of data that records all transactions
in a secure and transparent way

## [Block Reward](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/block-reward)

A block reward is the sum of crypto awarded to a miner or validator by a
blockchain protocol for successfully mining and validating a block.

## [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/blockchain)

Blockchain is a digital ledger, capable of tracking the movement of value or
information around its network. With control of this network distributed
across many points, it cannot be censored.

## [Blockchain Bridge](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/blockchain-
bridge)

A blockchain bridge connects two separate blockchain networks and enables the
transfer of data and tokens between the different networks. Blockchain bridges
facilitate interaction and the ability to operate between networks (commonly
referred to as “interoperability”).

## [Blockchain
Confirmation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/blockchain-confirmation)

Blockchain confirmation refers to the process of verifying a transaction and
adding it to a blockchain.

## [Blockchain Explorer](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/blockchain-
explorer)

A blockchain explorer is a tool that enables users to navigate and review
information about any public blockchain network.

## [Bounty](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bounty)

A bounty is a reward offered to individuals for identifying vulnerabilities or
bugs in software.

## [Breakout](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/breakout)

A breakout is when an asset’s price moves below a support level or above a
resistance level. Breakouts are used to identify potential trends and trading
opportunities.

## [BUIDL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/buidl)

The term “BUIDL” is a call for crypto users and enthusiasts to build and
contribute to the progress of the blockchain and crypto space, as opposed to
passively holding digital assets.

## [Bull Market](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bull-market)

A bull market is a period of sustained upward trend when asset prices are
steadily increasing.

## [Buy The Dip (BTD)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/buy-the-dip-
btd)

Buying the dip refers to the practice of buying an asset when the price drops.

## [Buy Wall](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/buy-wall)

A buy wall is the result of a large buy limit order(s) placed on a
cryptocurrency when it hits a certain price. Automated trading algorithms are
responsible for most buy walls.

## [Byzantine Generals’
Problem](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/byzantine-generals-problem)

The Byzantine Generals’ Problem is a game theory problem that illustrates how
difficult it is for decentralized parties to arrive at a consensus or agree on
a single truth without relying on a trusted third party.

B

## [Candidate Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/candidate-block)

A candidate block is a container for transactions selected from the memory
pool. It has the potential to be added to the blockchain or rejected by the
network.

## [Central Bank Digital Currency
(CBDC)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/central-bank-digital-currency-
cbdc)

A Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) is the electronic version of a
country’s fiat currency, and is issued by the central government. CBDCs are
like cryptocurrencies, but their value is tied to the country’s physical
currency.

## [Circulating Supply](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/circulating-
supply)

A crypto’s circulating supply is that specific cryptocurrency’s amount of
tokens or coins that are in circulation at a particular time and are available
to the public to buy or sell.

## [Coin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/coin)

A coin is a digital asset that functions as a currency or store of value on
its own blockchain network.

## [Cold Storage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/cold-storage)

Cold storage is a method of holding data or crypto assets in devices that are
not connected to the internet, which provides added security for its users.

## [Cold Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/cold-wallet)

A cold wallet also referred to as “cold storage” is A device or system that
secures crypto private keys offline.

##
[Collateralization](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/collateralization)

Collateralization is the process through which an individual secures a loan
using their valuable assets as insurance.

## [Collectibles](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/collectibles)

A collectible is a rare or limited-edition copy of something, such as a
virtual product or asset.

## [Composability](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/composability)

DeFi composability is the capacity to integrate existing blockchain components
in various ways to build new applications and services.

## [Consensus Mechanism](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/consensus-
mechanism)

Consensus mechanism refers to a self-regulatory stack of protocols,
algorithms, incentives, and concepts that help ensure a blockchain’s
integrity.

## [Creator Economy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/creator-economy)

The creator economy is the economic system built on the internet or digital
platforms that enable individuals to earn money based on things they create.

## [Cross-Chain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/cross-chain)

Cross-chain technology allows blockchains to share and access information and
assets across different blockchains without intermediaries.

## [Crypto Winter](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/crypto-winter)

A crypto winter is a long period of time when crypto prices dramatically drop
below their previous all-time high values.

## [Cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/cryptocurrency)

A cryptocurrency is a virtual or digital currency that doesn’t depend on
centralized authority, such as a government or central bank, to process
transactions and issue new currency units.

## [Cryptography](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/cryptography)

Cryptography is the technique of securing information through using codes so
that only the intended party can access it.

## [Cryptojacking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/cryptojacking)

Cryptojacking is a cybercrime that involves stealing and exploiting the
victim’s computing resources to generate digital assets, such as mining
Bitcoin.

## [Custodian](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/custodian)

A custodian is an entity that keeps an individual’s assets safe on their
behalf.

## [Custody](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/custody)

Crypto custody involves safeguarding, storage, and management of digital
assets on the behalf of individuals or institutions.

C

## [Data Availability](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/data-
availability)

Data availability is the process of ensuring data is continually accessible to
applications, end users, and organizations, when and where it is needed.

## [Decentralized
Application](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/decentralized-
application)

A decentralized application is a software program operating on a peer-to-peer
network. It runs independently on the internet using smart contracts, outside
the control of a single entity or authority.

## [Decentralized Automous Organization
(DAO)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/decentralized-automous-
organization-dao)

A decentralized autonomous organization (DAO) is a community with no
centralized authority, in which members collectively make decisions in a
bottom-up manner regarding its governance and operation.

## [Decentralized Digital
Identity](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/decentralized-digital-
identity)

A decentralized digital identity is a type of identity management that enables
individuals to control their own digital identities, without relying on a
centralized authority. The concept involves the creation of unique and
verifiable identities directly controlled by the holders.

## [Decentralized Exchange
(DEX)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/decentralized-exchange-dex)

A decentralized exchange (DEX) is a peer-to-peer marketplace that allows users
to directly trade with each other. It doesn’t need a custodian or intermediary
to hold the users’ funds or facilitate transactions.

## [Decentralized
Finance](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/decentralized-finance)

Decentralized Finance (DeFI) refers to financial applications and services
that are built on a blockchain and operate without a central governing
authority (hence, “decentralized”).

## [Decentralized
Storage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/decentralized-storage)

Decentralized storage is a type of storage that allows users to store and
access files or data in a distributed manner.

## [Deflationary Asset](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/deflationary-
asset)

A deflationary asset is a digital or virtual currency designed to decrease in
supply over time, leading to an increase in its value.

## [Degen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/degen)

In the context of the crypto community, "degen" is short for "degenerate" and
is often used to refer to a person who is involved in high-risk, speculative
trading or investing in cryptocurrencies.

## [Delegated Proof-of-Stake
(DPoS)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/delegated-proof-of-stake-dpos)

Delegated proof-of-stake is a consensus mechanism which allows users of a
network to vote and elect delegates who will validate transactions on that
network.

## [Delegator](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/delegator)

A delegator is a network participant who assigns their economic stake to a
network validator in a proof-of-stake (PoS) or delegated proof-of-stake (DPoS)
blockchain.

## [Dencun](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/dencun)

Dencun is an upgrade on the Ethereum blockchain aimed to improve its
performance by optimizing execution efficiency and data availability within
the network.

## [Depeg](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/depeg)

A depeg is a phenomenon that occurs when a stablecoin, which is a
cryptocurrency whose value is pegged to another currency, decreases or
increases in value relative to the asset it is pegged to.

## [DePIN](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/depin)

A Decentralized Physical Infrastructure Network, or DePIN, is a protocol using
cryptocurrency tokens to incentivize creating, maintaining, and operating
real-world infrastructures in a decentralized manner.

## [Derivatives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/derivatives)

Derivatives are products or contracts that obtain their value from an
underlying asset like stocks, bonds, commodities, or cryptocurrencies.

## [Design Flaw Attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/design-flaw-
attack)

A design flaw attack is a cyberattack where hackers use corrupted software to
access a user’s cryptocurrency asset.

## [Desktop Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/desktop-wallet)

A desktop wallet is a computer program or software cryptocurrency holders use
to store and manage private and public keys. It is downloaded and executed on
a personal computer.

## [Difficulty Time Bomb](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/difficulty-
time-bomb)

The Difficulty Time Bomb describes the growing difficulty in mining Ethereum
as the network transitions from a Proof of Work to a Proof of Stake
blockchain.

## [Digital Signature](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/digital-
signature)

A digital signature is an encrypted, electronic imprint that authenticates
digital information, software or messages. Like a handwritten signature, it
verifies the identity and origin of data.

## [Distributed Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/distributed-
ledger)

A distributed ledger is a record or database spread across a network that is
accessible from several geographical locations.

## [Dollar Cost Averaging
(DCA)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/dollar-cost-averaging)

Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA) is a strategy that involves investing a fixed
amount in any asset like digital asset at regular intervals.

## [Double Spending](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/double-spending)

Double spending is a scenario where an individual manages or attempts to use
the same units of a currency more than once for valid transactions.

## [Dynamic NFT](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/dynamic-nft)

Dynamic NFTs are a category of NFTs designed to change their characteristics
based on certain pre-defined conditions. They have codes in their smart
contracts that enable them to achieve this change.

## [DYOR](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/dyor)

DYOR (Do Your Own Research) is a common crypto slang referring to the idea
that investors should conduct extensive research before investing in a
project.

D

## [Eclipse Attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/eclipse-attack)

An eclipse attack is a type of P2P network threat that disrupts the operations
of the network by isolating and manipulating one node.

## [EIP-4844](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/eip-4844)

EIP-4844 is a proposed Ethereum network upgrade intended to boost the
network’s scalability while reducing costs.

## [EIP-712](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/eip-712)

EIP-712 is a standard dictating how to structure and sign data on Ethereum so
that it is both human-readable and machine-verifiable. .

## [Entropy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/entropy)

The entropy of a variable is the measure of the ‘unpredictability’ of that
variable. In hardware wallets, entropy refers to the large random number that
ensures your crypto wallet is secure.

## [ERC-1155](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/erc-1155)

The ERC-1155 is a multi-token standard that allows for the creation of both
fungible and non-fungible tokens within a single smart contract.

## [ERC-20 Tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-are-
erc-20-tokens)

ERC-20 tokens is the technical standard for fungible digital tokens that run
only on the Ethereum blockchain network. They are built on smart contracts
that keep track of the tokens created on the Ethereum network.

## [ERC-721](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/erc-721)

ERC-721 is the token standard used on Ethereum to create non-fungible tokens
(NFTs). Each token created using the ERC-721 standard is unique and not
interchangeable.

## [Ethereum 2.0](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ethereum-2-0)

Ethereum 2.0 is an ongoing series of network upgrades aimed at addressing
scalability, security, and accessibility

## [Ethereum Improvement Proposal
(EIP)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ethereum-improvement-proposal)

An Ethereum Improvement Proposal is a formal proposal to make changes or
updates to the Ethereum network.

## [Ethereum Virtual
Machine](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ethereum-virtual-machine)

The Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) is a software framework on the Ethereum
network that allows developers to execute smart contracts and create
decentralized applications.

## [EtherFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/etherfi)

The EtherFi protocol is a decentralized, non-custodial liquid staking platform
built on the Ethereum blockchain.

## [Exit Scam](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/exit-scam)

An exit scam is a fraudulent practice of malicious developers or founders
disappearing with investors’ funds during or after a project has launched.

E

## [Fear Of Missing Out (FOMO)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-
is-fomo-in-crypto)

FOMO stands for the “fear of missing out,” which is the anxiety or fear
traders experience when they think they are missing out on a profitable
investment or trading opportunity.

## [Fiat](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/fiat)

The term “fiat” or “fiat currency” refers to a type of currency that is
declared by governments as a country’s legal tender. Fiat currencies include
the USD, Euro, Sterling Pound, and Chinese Yuan amongst others.

## [Flash Loan](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/flash-loan)

Flash loans allow you to borrow crypto assets without collateral or borrowing
limits within the DeFi space. The lending condition is that you pay back the
loan within the same blockchain transaction.

## [Flippening](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/flippening)

The “Flippening” is the hypothetical moment when Ethereum will potentially
surpass Bitcoin in terms of market capitalization.

## [Flipping](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/flipping)

Flipping is an investment technique that involves buying an asset at a low
price to resell it for profit.

## [Fork](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/fork)

A fork refers to a change or update to a system’s underlying code or software.
Forks in blockchain change the set of rules governing a cryptocurrency’s
protocol.

## [Front Running](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/front-running)

Front running is the act of utilizing advanced knowledge about pending
transactions to place one's transaction before the original trades are
executed.

## [FUD](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/fud)

FUD is an acronym for “Fear, uncertainty, and doubt” which refers to the
spread of false or negative information about a cryptocurrency or the market
to create fear and doubt among investors.

## [Full Node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/full-node)

A full node is a component of a blockchain that stores and validates
transactions. It is a computer program that ensures the security of a
blockchain by enforcing consensus rules and transmitting data to other full
nodes.

## [Fundamental Analysis](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/fundamental-
analysis)

Fundamental analysis is a technique traders use to establish the underlying
fundamental factors that affect an asset’s intrinsic value.

## [Futures](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/futures)

Crypto futures contracts are a derivative in which traders agree to either buy
or sell an asset on a specific date at a predetermined price.

F

## [GameFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/gamefi)

GameFi is a new gaming concept that blends blockchain technology, non-fungible
tokens, and game mechanics to create a virtual environment where players can
participate and earn rewards.

## [Gas](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/gas)

Gas is the measurement unit for the amount of computational power required to
complete a transaction on the Ethereum network.

## [Gas Fee](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-is-gas-fee-in-
crypto)

A gas fee is the amount you pay to complete a transaction on a blockchain.

## [Genesis Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/genesis-block)

A genesis block is the first ever block recorded on a blockchain. The block is
also known as Block 0 or Block 1.

## [Governance](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/governance)

Governance refers to the mechanisms and structures through which decisions are
made within a blockchain network or cryptocurrency project.

## [Graphical Processing
Unit](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/graphical-processing-unit)

A graphical processing unit (GPU) is a hardware component designed to
accelerate graphics rendering and increasingly perform parallel computing
tasks across various applications.

## [Gwei](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/gwei)

In Ethereum, Gwei serves as a standardized unit that quantifies transaction
costs, gas fees, and computational resources for executing transactions.

G

## [Halving](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/halving)

Halving in crypto is an event that occurs in certain cryptocurrencies, such as
Bitcoin, to reduce the rate of issuance of new coins and maintain scarcity.

## [Hard Cap](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hard-cap)

A hard cap is the maximum number of tokens that a cryptocurrency project can
ever produce.

## [Hard Fork](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hard-fork)

A hard fork is a significant change that permanently splits a blockchain into
two different networks when the nodes fail to reach a consensus.

## [Hardware Security Module (HSM)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hardware-security-module-hsm)

A Hardware Security Module (HSM) is a hardware unit that safeguards and
manages cryptographic keys.

## [Hardware Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hardware-wallet)

A hardware wallet is an external, physical device designed to securely store a
user’s private keys offline.

## [Hash](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hash)

A hash is a unique string of text created by mapping a piece of data through a
mathematical function to encrypt and secure the data against alteration or
unauthorized access.

## [Hash Rate](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hash-rate)

A hash rate is a measure of the computational and processing power of a
cryptocurrency network.

## [Hedging](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hedging)

Hedging is a risk management strategy that involves simultaneous entering
opposing positions in an asset to offset potential losses.

## [Hierarchical Deterministic
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hierarchical-deterministic-
wallet)

A hierarchical deterministic wallet is a special kind of wallet that uses a
random number to create virtually infinite cryptocurrency key pairs.

## [HODL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hodl)

"HODL" refers to the strategy of holding onto one's digital assets with a
long-term perspective despite market fluctuations.

## [Honeypot Crypto Scam](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/honeypot-
crypto-scam)

A honeypot crypto scam employs a malicious smart contract to entice
unsuspecting victims with the prospect of substantial returns or rewards. The
scheme’s ultimate intent is to swindle the victim’s funds.

## [Hot Storage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hot-storage)

Hot storage, also known as a “hot wallet” is a crypto wallet that is connected
to the internet, allowing users to manage their crypto assets online.

## [Hot Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hot-wallet)

A hot wallet is a crypto wallet that secures crypto private keys within an
interface that is connected to the internet.

H

## [Identity Verification
(IDV)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/identity-verification-idv)

Identity Verification (IDV) is the process of confirming the validity and
authenticity of an individual’s identity. The process involves validating the
individual’s personal details from reliable sources to prevent fraud.

## [Immutable](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/immutable)

The term “immutable” in the context of a blockchain implies that the data or
ledger is permanent and tamper-proof, and its history cannot be modified or
changed after its creation.

## [Impermanent Loss](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/impermanent-
loss)

Impermanent loss is a risk that occurs when participating in DeFi liquidity
pools. It happens when the price of your deposited assets change from the time
you deposited them.

## [Inflation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/inflation)

Inflation refers to a significant increase in asset prices over time due to a
decline in the purchasing power of a specific currency.

## [Initial DEX Offering
(IDO)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/initial-dex-offering-ido)

An Initial DEX Offering (IDO) is a crowdfunding method that enables blockchain
projects to release their native coins or tokens through a decentralized
exchange (DEX).

## [Interoperability](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/blockchain-
interoperability)

Blockchain interoperability refers to the ability to share or see information
across different blockchains. It allows blockchains to communicate, share
data, and build on each other’s features and use cases.

## [InterPlanetary File System
(IPFS)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/interplanetary-file-system-
ipfs)

An InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) is a distributed, peer-to-peer system for
sharing, storing and accessing files, digital data, applications, and
websites.

I

## [Jager](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/jager)

Jager is a unit of measurement which represents a fraction of the
cryptocurrency BNB (Binance Coin).

## [Joy Of Missing Out (JOMO)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/joy-of-
missing-out-jomo)

Joy of missing out (JOMO) is a term that describes crypto enthusiasts who are
happy they missed out on a plummeting coin or trade.

## [Jupiter](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/jupiter)

Jupiter is a Solana-based decentralized exchange aggregator that consolidates
liquidity from multiple DEXs.

J

## [Keylogger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/keylogger)

A keylogger is a tool deployed by hackers to record keystrokes and access
sensitive data from a victim’s computer. In the crypto industry,
cybercriminals often use it as an instrument to steal important information.

## [Know Your Customer (KYC)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/know-
your-customer-kyc)

KYC or “Know Your Customer” is a procedure used within financial institutions
to confirm their customers’ identities and prevent fraudulent activity.

K

## [Layer 0](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/layer-0)

Layer 0 is the foundational infrastructure on which other blockchains and
applications are built.

## [Layer 1
Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/layer-1-blockchain)

Layer 1 is the foundational layer of a blockchain network that provides the
underlying infrastructure to securely process and validate transactions.

## [Layer 2
Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/layer-2-blockchain)

A layer 2 blockchain is a secondary network built on top of an existing
blockchain network. It is a solution to extend the capabilities and
performance of the base network.

## [Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ledger)

A ledger is a digital or physical log that records transactions associated
with a financial system. Blockchain networks are a type of decentralized
ledger system designed to store data securely.

## [Leverage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/leverage)

Leverage refers to when individuals use borrowed money or capital to amplify
their buying or selling power in a market.

## [LFG](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/lfg)

LFG, the acronym for “Let’s Fucking Go” or “Let’s Freaking Go,” represents an
expression of excitement, enthusiasm, or support toward a crypto project or
market.

## [Light Node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/light-node)

A light node is a blockchain component that stores limited or lightweight
information rather than a complete copy of the network. Light nodes simply act
as communication endpoints.

## [Lightning Network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/lightning-
network)

The Lightning Network is a second layer built on the Bitcoin blockchain
designed to scale the blockchain’s capability and conduct transactions more
efficiently.

## [Limit Order](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/limit-order)

A limit order is an instruction to buy or sell an asset or security at a
specific price level.

## [Liquid Staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/liquid-staking)

Liquid staking is a mechanism that allows users to lock up their
cryptocurrency while still retaining their liquidity and tradability.

## [Liquidation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/liquidation)

Liquidation in crypto refers to the process of converting assets, typically
leveraged positions or collateral, into cash to cover losses or repay borrowed
funds when the market moves unfavorably.

## [Liquidity Pool](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/liquidity-pool)

A liquidity pool is a collection of digital assets or tokens supplied by
platform users and locked in a smart contract to facilitate faster
transactions.

## [Liquidity Provider](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/liquidity-
provider)

A crypto liquidity provider (LP) offers liquidity by locking their assets on a
platform and earn trading fees in return.

L

## [Mainnet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/mainnet)

A Mainnet is a blockchain that is independent, complete, and runs by itself,
where all crypto transactions are broadcasted, verified, processed, and
recorded on its distributed ledger.

## [Margin Trading](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/margin-trading)

Margin trading is the practice of trading with borrowed money to improve one’s
trading position.

## [Market Capitalization](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/market-
capitalization)

Market capitalization is a measure of the total value of a cryptocurrency. It
is calculated by multiplying the current market price of a coin by its
available supply.

## [Maximal Extractable Value
(MEV)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/maximal-extractable-value-mev)

Maximal extractable value (MEV) is the maximum value block producers (miners
or validators) can obtain by including, reordering, or excluding transactions
when producing a new block.

## [Mempool](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/mempool)

A mempool is a node’s mechanism for tracking all the unconfirmed transactions.

## [Merkle Tree](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/merkle-tree)

A Merkle tree is a way of organizing data to make it more secure and efficient
to process.

## [Metadata](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/metadata)

Metadata is a basic summary about a larger set of data. Metadata helps users
understand the nature and context of a larger set of data.

## [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/metaverse)

A metaverse is a digital or virtual realm containing all the aspects of the
real world.

## [Miner](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/miner)

A miner is a participant in a cryptocurrency network responsible for
generating new coins and verifying transactions.

## [Miner Fee](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/miner-fee)

A miner fee is the fee that a blockchain charges to process and confirm
transactions on the network.

## [Mining](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/mining)

Mining is the process of confirming and validating transactions and adding
them to a proof-of-work blockchain.

## [Mining Difficulty](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/mining-
difficulty)

Mining difficulty is a measure of how hard and time-consuming it is to mine a
new block in a proof-of-work blockchain.

## [Mining Pool](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/mining-pool)

A mining pool is a collection of crypto miners who combine their computing
resources to increase their chances of earning a reward.

## [Minting](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/minting)

Minting in the context of blockchain refers to the mechanism through which new
coins or tokens are produced and introduced into circulation.

## [Mobile Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/mobile-wallet)

A mobile wallet is a built-in feature or software application that can be
installed on a smartphone. In crypto, the program stores users’ private keys
and allows them to interact with their digital assets.

## [Modular Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/modular-
blockchain)

A modular blockchain is a blockchain that specializes in performing a few
responsibilities or functions and delegating the rest to other layers.

## [Multichain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/multichain)

A multichain is an application designed to operate across isolated chains,
allowing them to communicate with each other.

## [Multisignature](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/multisignature)

Multisignature or “multisig” transactions are a type of transaction that
requires multiple signatures for a single transaction to be executed.

M

## [Network Effects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/network-effects)

Network effects is the phenomenon through which a product or service becomes
more valuable or useful as more people use it.

## [Network Fee](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/network-fee)

A network fee, also called a miner fee, is the fee that users pay a blockchain
network to conduct a transaction on that network. The network fee incentivizes
miners or validators to verify and confirm the transaction.

## [No-Coiner](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/no-coiner)

A no-coiner is an individual who believes cryptocurrencies have no significant
value and, therefore, holds none.

## [Node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/node)

A node refers to a computer that participates in a blockchain network and is
responsible for creating, receiving, and transmitting a message.

## [Non-Custodial Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/non-
custodial-wallet)

Non-Custodial wallets, also known as self-custodial wallets, are crypto
wallets that give you complete control over your public and private keys, and
subsequently full control over your crypto wallet and assets.

## [Non-Fungible Token (NFT)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/non-
fungible-token-nft)

An NFT, or non-fungible token, is a digital asset that represents ownership of
a unique item or asset including art, music, in-game items, and other forms of
media.

## [Nonce](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/nonce)

A nonce is a variable input used by miners to find a valid hash for a block.
It is an authentication model used to verify the validity of data in the
blocks.

## [Nostr](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/nostr)

Nostr is a decentralized protocol that enables users to exchange signed text
messages via a network of relays rather than centralized servers.

N

## [Off-Chain Transaction](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/offchain)

Off-chain transactions is a transfer of value or data, including transactions,
that occurs outside a given blockchain network.

## [Offline Storage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/offline-storage)

Offline storage is the method of holding private keys in devices not connected
to the internet.

## [On-Chain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/on-chain)

On-chain transactions are transactions that are recorded on the blockchain’s
distributed ledger and are publicly accessible to anyone who has a copy of the
blockchain’s ledger.

## [Ondo Finance](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ondo-finance)

Ondo Finance is a decentralized finance protocol that brings financial
products and services on-chain through tokenization.

## [Online Storage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/online-storage)

Online storage refers to the act of storing or holding data on a medium that
connects to the internet. In crypto, it involves using cryptocurrency wallets
connected to the internet to store and manage private keys.

## [Open Source](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/open-source)

Open source is a principle between developers who believe in creating,
sharing, and modifying data freely for public use. Transparency and free
participation are often the goal.

## [Optimistic Rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/optimistic-
rollups)

Optimistic rollups are a layer-2 scaling solution that extends a blockchain’s
scalability by executing transactions off-chain. Optimistic rollups assume
that all the transactions are valid and accurate unless disputed.

## [Options](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/options)

Options are a type of contract that grants a trader the right, rather than the
obligation, to buy or sell an underlying asset at a predetermined price within
a specific timeframe.

## [Oracle](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/oracle-crypto)

Oracles are bridges that connect blockchains and smart contracts with external
systems and off-chain data. They are third-party services that transmit
information from external sources into smart contracts to help them execute
based on predefined conditions.

## [Order Book](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/order-book)

An order book is an electronic list of all open buy and sell orders available
for a specific trading pair on an exchange or marketplace. The buy and sell
orders are organized by price levels.

## [Ordinals](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ordinals)

Ordinals are NFT-like digital content that can be directly created or minted
on the Bitcoin blockchain.

## [Orphan Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/orphan-block)

An orphan block (orphan) is a valid block that does not have a parent block
and is not included in the main blockchain.

## [Over-the-Counter](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/over-the-
counter)

Over-the-counter (OTC) trading refers to trading that is carried out through
dealer networks rather than formal exchanges.

O

## [Paper Trading](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/paper-trading)

Paper trading is the practice of simulating trades in cryptocurrencies or
other financial instruments, like stocks, without investing real money. Paper
trading helps users practice trading strategies before investing with actual
funds.

## [Pedersen Verifiable Secret
Sharing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/pedersen-verifiable-secret-
sharing)

Pedersen Verifiable Secret Sharing (PVSS) is a variation of the Shamir Secret
Sharing scheme, which involves securely dividing private information into
smaller parts. PVSS is used to confirm that the custodians of these parts have
the correct fragments.

## [Peer-to-Peer](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/peer-to-peer)

Peer-to-peer, also known as P2P, is a network of distributed computers that
are linked and share data, assets, or tasks.

## [Pegged](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/pegged)

The term “pegged” describes an asset whose value is attached to the value of
another. It is designed to maintain a specific ratio to the designated asset.

## [Permissioned
Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/permissioned-blockchain)

A permissioned blockchain is a distributed ledger with limited accessibility.
Only certain authorized individuals can access it.

## [Plasma](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/plasma)

Plasma is an off-chain scaling solution designed to improve the Ethereum
network’s scalability and efficiency using smaller blockchains called child
chains.

## [Play To Earn](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/play-to-earn)

A Play to Earn (P2E) game is an online game that rewards the players for their
active participation or in-game achievements such as completing tasks,
clearing game levels, or winning player-versus-player (PvP) battles.

## [Ponzi Scheme](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ponzi-scheme)

A Ponzi Scheme is a fraudulent investment strategy where investors are
promised high returns with minimal to no risk.

## [Privacy Coin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/privacy-coin)

“Privacy coin” is a type of cryptocurrencies built on the principles of
preserving privacy and enhancing data security. They are designed to conceal
transactions and trader identities.

## [Private Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/private-
blockchain)

A private blockchain is a type of blockchain owned or controlled by a single
entity. Access to it is restricted to specific users.

## [Private Key](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/private-key)

A private key is a string of characters that allows you to access and manage
your digital assets. It is used to sign transactions and provide proof of
ownership for the corresponding cryptocurrencies.

## [Programmable NFTs
(pNFTs)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/programmable-nfts-pnfts)

pNFT is a new programmable asset class in the Solana ecosystem that allows
creators and artists to define how their NFTs are used.

## [Proof of Attendance Protocol
(POAP)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-of-attendance-protocol-
poap)

Proof of attendance protocol is a collectible that acts as a digital badge to
prove that an individual attended an event.

## [Proof of Authority (PoA)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-
of-authority)

Proof of authority is an algorithm that gives a select number of participants
the right to confirm transactions and create new blocks.

## [Proof of History (PoH)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-of-
history)

Proof of history is an algorithm blockchain networks use to verify the passage
of time of each block to ensure historical data accuracy.

## [Proof of Knowledge (PoK)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-
of-knowledge)

Proof of knowledge refers to a protocol where one party (the prover) succeeds
in convincing the other party (the verifier) that they know something.

## [Proof of Reserves (PoR)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-of-
reserves-por)

Proof of Reserves (PoR) is a verification method to demonstrate that an
exchange is maintaining its users’ digital assets. It shows that the exchange
has enough liquidity in proportion to its users’ stored assets on the
platform.

## [Proof of Stake (PoS)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-of-
stake)

Proof of stake (PoS) is a consensus mechanism that selects validators based on
the amount of cryptocurrency they stake to process transactions and produce
new blocks.

## [Proof of Staked Authority
(PoSA)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-of-staked-authority)

Proof of Staked Authority is the amalgamation of proof of stake and proof of
authority consensus mechanisms.

## [Proof of Work (PoW)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/proof-of-
work-pow)

Proof of Work (PoW) is a method that cryptocurrency networks use to verify and
validate transactions in a blockchain.

## [Public Address](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/public-address)

A public address is what allows individuals to request or receive
cryptocurrency payments into their digital wallets.

## [Public Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/public-
blockchain)

A public blockchain is a decentralized network that is not controlled by a
single entity. It is accessible to anyone, anywhere in the world.

## [Public Key](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/public-key)

A public key is a code of alphanumeric characters that users use to receive
cryptocurrency in their wallets.

## [Pump and Dump](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/pump-and-dump)

A pump and dump is a form of investment scam that involves artificially
inflating the price of an asset with misleading positive news and then
abruptly selling it.

P

## [QR Code](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/qr-code-crypto)

A quick response (QR) code is a type of barcode with encoded information that
can easily be read by a mobile or device. In crypto, a QR code can be used to
share wallet addresses and make payment.

## [Quantum Computing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/quantum-
computing)

Quantum computing is an emerging computer science branch using the laws of
quantum mechanics to solve problems considered too complex for standard
computers.

## [Queued Transaction](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/queued-
transaction)

A queued transaction is a transaction that waits to be validated before it can
be available for processing and inclusion in a block.

Q

## [Random Standards](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/random-
standards)

Random standards refer to the ideal or level of quality through which a
randomly generated value is considered acceptable or truly random.

## [Rare Sats](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/rare-sats)

Rare sats is the smallest denomination of Bitcoin considered unique and more
scarce than its peers.

## [Real World Assets (RWA)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/real-
world-assets-rwa)

Real-world assets (RWA) represent tangible and intangible assets as digital
tokens on a blockchain network.

## [Recession](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/recession)

A recession is a period of substantial economic downturn that lasts for months
or years.

## [Recursive Inscriptions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/recursive-
inscriptions)

Recursive inscriptions are the process of extracting or retrieving data from
its existing host and using it in new inscriptions.

## [Rekt](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/rekt)

Rekt is crypto slang that means “to lose most or all of your funds due to a
bad investment or trade.”

## [Relative Strength Index
(RSI)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/relative-strength-index-rsi)

The Relative Strength Index is an indicator that measures how rapidly the
price of a digital asset is moving. It also identifies oversold and overbought
assets.

## [Relay Chain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/relay-chain)

The relay chain acts as the central chain of data in the Polkadot network, a
protocol that allows interoperability between different blockchain networks.

## [Render Network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/render-network)

The Render Network is a decentralized GPU-based network that connects users
needing GPU computing services, such as GPU rendering, AI, and machine
learning inferences, to GPU providers.

## [Return On Investment
(ROI)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/return-on-investment-roi)

ROI, or Return on Investment, is a financial metric used by investors to
assess the profitability and performance of an investment by measuring the
profit relative to its initial cost,

## [Ring Signature](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ring-signature)

A ring signature is a technique that provides users with privacy by hiding the
source and destination of a transaction

## [Rollups Meaning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/rollups-meaning)

Rollups are layer-2 scaling solutions that perform transaction execution
separately from the main network. They help increase network speeds and lower
transaction costs.

## [Routing Attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/routing-attack)

A routing attack is a malicious entity’s attempt to exploit flaws in a
network’s architecture to split it into multiple isolated components.

## [Royalty](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/royalty)

In cryptocurrency, a royalty refers to the payments that a creator makes upon
each resale of their digital asset or art. The payment is a predetermined
percentage of the proceeds from all future sales on the secondary market.

## [Rug Pull](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/rug-pull)

A rug pull is a type of crypto scam when founders of a project bring in
investors to inflate the value of a project, but later pull their inflated
funds and abandon the project, leaving victims with a worthless investment.

R

## [Satoshi Nakamoto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/satoshi-
nakamoto)

Satoshi Nakamoto is the pseudonym founder(s) who invented Bitcoin and authored
its whitepaper.

## [Schnorr Signature](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/schnorr-
signature)

A Schnorr signature is a type of digital signature that combines multiple
signatures into a single signature. This improves a blockchain’s privacy,
efficiency, and scalability.

## [Secure Element (SE)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/secure-
element-se)

A Secure Element (SE) is a microprocessor chip that facilitates the secure
storage and processing of sensitive data. It is commonly used in SIM cards,
passports and credit cards.

## [Security Audit](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/security-audit)

A security audit is a thorough, systematic examination of a software,
application, or system to find any flaws, fix any issues, and determine if the
platform is secure.

## [Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/seed-phrase)

A seed phrase is a collection of randomly generated words that represent all
private keys associated with a given crypto wallet; the phrase enables the
contents of a crypto wallet to be restored, even if access to the wallet
itself is lost.

## [Segregated Witness
(Segwit)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/segregated-witness-segwit)

Segregated Witness, or “SegWit” is an upgrade for the Bitcoin network designed
to allow more transactions to fit within each block on the blockchain.

## [Self Custody](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/self-custody)

Self custody is when a user takes full control and responsibility of holding
and managing their digital assets without relying on third-party
intermediaries.

## [SHA-256](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/sha-256)

SHA 256 is an algorithm used in Proof-of-Work blockchains like Bitcoin to
verify transactions.

## [Shamir Secret Sharing
(SSS)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/shamir-secret-sharing-sss)

Shamir Secret Sharing (SSS) is a technique to break private information into
smaller fragments to keep the information safe. Reconstructing the entire
original data requires a certain amount of these shares.

## [Shanghai Upgrade](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/shanghai-
upgrade)

The Shanghai Upgrade is an upgrade on the Ethereum network that allows stakers
and validators to unstake and withdraw their staked Ether.

## [Shapella Fork](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/shapella-fork)

The Shapella fork is the combination of two major Ethereum network upgrades
(Shanghai and Capella upgrades) that occurred simultaneously. Together, these
upgrades allowed users to withdraw their staked ETH on the network.

## [Shard](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/shard)

A shard is a small fragment of data split from a larger part of a database or
blockchain network.

## [Sharding](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/strongshardingstrong)

In the context of blockchain, sharding refers to dividing the network into
smaller partitions to improve accessibility, scalability, and process more
transactions per second.

## [Shitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/shitcoin)

Shitcoin is a colloquial term for cryptocurrencies that have no real-world
potential value, practical purpose, and utility. They are often a subject of
speculation.

## [Sidechain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/sidechain)

A sidechain is a discrete blockchain that is connected to the main blockchain
or mainnet through a 2-way bridge. Sidechains were created to solve
transaction speed issues in blockchains by decongesting the mainnet.

## [Simplified Payment Verification
(SPV)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/simplified-payment-
verification-spv)

Simplified payment verification is a lightweight client that verifies
cryptocurrency transactions without downloading the entire blockchain.

## [Slashing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/slashing)

Slashing is a process that penalizes validators of proof-of-stake networks
when they act dishonestly or behave abnormally. It entails deducting a
predetermined percentage from their staked cryptocurrency.

## [Slippage](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/slippage)

Slippage is the difference between the expected outcome and the actual outcome
of a trade. It occurs when a trader settles for a different price than they
requested to buy or sell an asset, either due to its price movement or low
market liquidity.

## [Smart Contract](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/smart-contract)

A smart contract is an agreement in the form of a computer program that
automatically executes when predefined conditions are met.

## [Social Engineering](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/social-
engineering)

Social engineering is a deceptive strategy to persuade people to perform
certain operations or reveal confidential information.

## [Soft Fork](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/soft-fork)

A soft fork refers to a protocol change or modification on a blockchain’s
software that invalidates transactions that were previously accepted, which
requires miners to update their mining software for older nodes.

## [Software Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/software-wallet)

A software wallet is a program that stores the private keys to enable users to
hold, send, and receive cryptocurrency assets.

## [Solana Saga](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/solana-saga)

The Saga is an Android smartphone that combines traditional mobile features
with the Solana blockchain’s capabilities.

## [Solana Virtual Machine
(SVM)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/solana-virtual-machine-svm)

Solana Virtual Machine is the software framework that allows the Solana
network to handle thousands of transactions per second and execute smart
contracts.

## [Solidity](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/solidity)

Solidity is a high-level, object-oriented programming language created for
designing and implementing smart contracts.

## [Solscan](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/solscan)

Solscan is Solana’s alternative blockchain explorer for searching specific
information on the Solana blockchain.

## [Source Code](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/source-code)

A source code is a computer code or programming statements that define how a
software functions based on specific instructions.

## [Stablecoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/stablecoin)

Stablecoins are a type of cryptocurrency that is pegged or tied to another
asset, such as fiat currencies or gold.

## [Stack the Sats](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/stack-the-sats)

Stack the sats is a mantra for encouraging Bitcoin enthusiasts to amass small
amounts of Bitcoin.

## [Staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/staking)

Staking refers to when a blockchain user locks up their cryptocurrency to
secure the network and earn rewards.

## [Staking Pool](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/staking-pool)

A staking pool is a mechanism that allows individuals to combine and lock
their digital assets in a proof-of-stake blockchain. It is a way for users to
increase their chances of successfully verifying and validating new blocks.

## [State Channels](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/state-channels)

A state channel is a two-way communication channel between a user and a
service or between two nodes or users away from the main blockchain (off-
chain).

## [Stop Loss Order](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/stop-loss-order)

A stop-loss order is a type of order investors preset to limit potential
losses in an investment. It is automatically executed when a cryptocurrency
value reaches a predetermined price level to protect the trader from excessive
losses.

## [Subnet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/subnet)

A subnet (sub-network) is a network within a network.

## [Swap](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/swap)

Swap is the process of exchanging one digital asset for another directly.

## [Sybil Attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/sybil-attack)

A Sybil attack is a security threat on a peer-to-peer network where a
malicious actor attempts to sabotage the network’s reputation by creating
multiple fake identities.

S

## [Taproot](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/taproot)

Taproot is an upgrade on the Bitcoin blockchain that was approved and
implemented by developers in 2021. It was designed to improve efficiency and
privacy on the network.

## [Technical Analysis](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/technical-
analysis)

Technical analysis is the study of past market activities, such as price
movement and volume data, to estimate an asset’s price direction.

## [Testnet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/testnet)

A testnet is like a practice version of the main blockchain network. It lets
developers test new ideas and features without affecting the main network.

## [Ticker](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/ticker)

A ticker in crypto is a symbol with a unique combination of letters to help
identify a particular cryptocurrency.

## [Timestamp](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/timestamp)

A timestamp is a digital record used in blockchain networks to track when
information and data was exchanged, created, or removed.

## [To The Moon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/to-the-moon)

“To the moon” is slang in the crypto community that refers to a belief that a
specific cryptocurrency’s value will soon increase significantly.

## [Token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/token)

Tokens are a type of digital asset that refers to a programmable unit of value
or utility and can be used to represent ownership, access rights, or
participate in decentralized applications.

## [Tokenization](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/tokenization)

Tokenization is the process of representing a real-world asset digitally by
converting the asset into a surrogate value. The primary goal is to enhance
data security while retaining essential information.

## [Tokenomics](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/tokenomics)

Tokenomics refers to the analysis of factors that may influence the value of a
digital asset, such as supply and demand.

## [Total Supply](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/total-supply)

The total supply of a cryptocurrency measures how many of the currency’s
coins/tokens are currently in existence.

## [Total Value Locked (TVL)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/total-
value-locked-tvl)

Total value locked (TVL) is a metric that refers to the sum of assets that are
staked or locked in a protocol.

## [TradFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/tradfi)

TradFi (traditional finance) is the conventional way of moving or handling
money via traditional financial systems and institutions.

## [Trading Bot](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/trading-bot)

A trading bot is a piece of software designed to automate trade-related tasks
in cryptocurrency markets.

## [Trading Volume](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/trading-volume)

Trading volume in crypto refers to the total amount of funds flowing in and
out of a specific cryptocurrency or the crypto market over a given period.

## [Transaction Fee](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/transaction-fee)

A transaction fee is a payment that users make for using services on a
blockchain or an exchange.

## [Transaction ID
(TXID)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/transaction-id-txid)

A transaction ID (TXID) or transaction hash is a unique set of numbers given
to every verified transaction on the blockchain.

## [Transactions Per Second
(TPS)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/transactions-per-second-tps)

Transactions Per Second (TPS) is the number of transactions that a network can
process in a second. It is a measurement used to evaluate the transaction
speed of a network.

## [Turing Complete](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/turing-complete)

The term Turing Complete refers to a system that can perform complex
computations by design when given sufficient resources, such as time and
memory.

T

## [Unconfirmed
Transaction](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/unconfirmed-transaction)

An unconfirmed transaction is any transaction request submitted to the
blockchain that is yet to be processed or validated.

## [Unspent Transaction Output
(UTXO)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/unspent-transaction-output-
utxo)

Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO) refers to the amount of a cryptocurrency
that is leftover following a specific transaction.

## [Utility Token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/utility-token)

A utility token, also known as a ‘user token’, serves a specific function that
gives holders access to features of a decentralized application or ecosystem
and forms the economy of that system.

U

## [Validator](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/validator)

A blockchain validator is a computer or node that verifies transactions in the
blockchain network.

## [Vesting](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/vesting)

Vesting is a process where a certain amount of a project’s overall token
supply is set aside for a period of time and released after certain conditions
are met.

## [Vesting Period](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/vesting-period)

A vesting period in crypto refers to a predetermined time frame during which
certain tokens or assets are restricted and become accessible or transferable
over time.

## [Volatility](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/volatility)

Volatility is a measure of how much an asset’s price fluctuates over time. It
describes how much and how quickly a particular asset’s value can shift.

## [Volume](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/volume)

Volume, specifically trading volume, refers to how much of a specific asset
has been traded within a specific timeframe.

V

## [WAGMI](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wagmi)

WAGMI, an acronym for “We’re All Gonna Make It”, is a term used to combat
uncertainty and build confidence in the crypto market. It is a rallying cry
meant to restore hope in the crypto market, though it can also be used
sarcastically.

## [Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wallet)

A wallet is a tool that allows users to store, send, and receive digital
assets, such as Bitcoin, Ether, and other altcoins.

## [Wallet Address](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wallet-address)

A wallet address is a randomly generated string of characters used to send or
receive digital assets.

## [Wash Trading](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wash-trading)

A wash trade is a kind of market manipulation where an individual
simultaneously sells and repurchases the same assets, such as NFTs,
cryptocurrencies or stocks. This deceptive practice is an attempt to influence
the asset’s value or trading volume.

## [Weak Hands](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/weak-hands)

“Weak hands” is a negative term used to describe a trader with a low-risk
tolerance or low confidence in a volatile asset that they’ve invested in.

## [Wearable NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wearable-nfts)

Wearable NFTs are digital items or accessories that your avatar wears in
virtual worlds or metaverses.

## [Web 1.0](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/web-1-0)

Web 1.0 is the term for the earliest version of the Internet from the 1990s to
the early 2000s. It was characterized by “read only” static websites and the
first implementation of the World Wide Web.

## [Whale](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/whale)

A crypto whale is an individual or entity that holds a large proportion of a
specific cryptocurrency's token supply.

## [Whitepaper](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/whitepaper)

A whitepaper is a comprehensive document that outlines key information about a
specific project.

## [Wormhole](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wormhole)

The Solana Wormhole is a communication bridge that links Solana to
decentralized finance (DeFi) platforms.

## [Wrapped Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wrapped-bitcoin)

Wrapped Bitcoin is a tokenized representation of Bitcoin that is interoperable
with decentralized applications on the Ethereum blockchain.

## [Wrapped Ether](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wrapped-ether)

Wrapped Ether (WETH) is an ERC-20 compatible token that is pegged to Ether at
a 1:1 ratio.

W

## [Year To Date](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/year-to-date)

Year to date (YTD) is the measurement of an asset’s performance beginning from
the start of the calendar or fiscal year to the present date.

## [Yield Farming](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/yield-farming)

Yield farming is the practice of lending or locking up assets in a DeFi
protocol to earn rewards.

Y

## [Zero Confirmation
Transaction](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/zero-confirmation-
transaction)

A zero confirmation transaction is any transaction that has not been recorded
or validated on a blockchain.

## [Zero-Knowledge Proof](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/zero-
knowledge-proof)

A Zero-knowledge proof (ZKP) is a type of secure verification that allows one
party to prove the validity of something, without having to reveal any
personal details, passwords, or statements. In the context of blockchain it is
a cryptographic method that allows for the verification of a data without the
need to reveal any of the underlying data.

## [Zero-Knowledge Rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/zero-
knowledge-rollups)

Zero-Knowledge Rollups are layer-2 scaling solutions that moves computation
workload and state storage outside the main blockchain.

## [Zk-SNARKs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/zk-snarks)

A Zk-SNARK is a special mathematical technique that allows individuals to
prove that something is true without revealing specific details about it.

Z

## [51% Attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/51-attack)

A 51% attack is a type of attack on a blockchain network, wherein a single
person or a group of people try to gain control of a network, generally in
order to commit malicious acts, such as double-spending.

#

__  
There are no results for this search.  
Try something else

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%81%D9%87%D8%B1%D8%B3)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E8%AF%8D%E6%B1%87%E8%A1%A8)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/glossaire)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/glossar)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%B3%D0%BB%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%81%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%B9)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/glosario)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/%E7%94%A8%E8%AA%9E%E9%9B%86)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EC%9A%A9%EC%96%B4%EC%A7%91)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/sozluk)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/glossario)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=b12c7611-a835-45c5-99be-
abe8cdda2a1e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=35af07f4-6cf7-401b-9a86-3e4f088eaf03&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fglossary&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=b12c7611-a835-45c5-99be-
abe8cdda2a1e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=35af07f4-6cf7-401b-9a86-3e4f088eaf03&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fglossary&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=0e5d7b3f-8077-465f-8e49-26d38b3fffca&sid=ea5556301cfc11efa9bd49c1d8829577&vid=ea5587301cfc11ef95695593a3de6fca&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Crypto%20Glossary%20and%20Web3%20Terms&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fglossary&r=&lt=2560&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=568488)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A16%3A46%20GMT&n=0&b=Crypto%20Glossary%20and%20Web3%20Terms&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fglossary&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

