[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D9%85%D9%82%D8%AF%D9%85%D8%A9-%D8%A5%D9%84%D9%89-%D8%A7%D8%AD%D8%AA%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA-%D9%88%D9%8A%D8%A8-3-0)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/web3-%E8%AF%88%E9%AA%97%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/les-arnaques-du-web3)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/web-30-scams-erklaert)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D0%97%D0%BD%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BC%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE-%D1%81-%D0%BC%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%87%D0%B5%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%BC-%D0%B2-%D0%BC%D0%B8%D1%80%D0%B5-web3)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/las-estafas-de-la-web3)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/web-30%E8%A9%90%E6%AC%BA%E3%81%AE%E8%AA%AC%E6%98%8E)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/web3-%EC%8A%A4%EC%BA%A0%EC%97%90-%EA%B4%80%ED%95%9C-%EC%84%A4%EB%AA%85)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/web-3-0-dolandiriciliklari)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/introducao-aos-golpes-da-web3)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D9%85%D9%82%D8%AF%D9%85%D8%A9-%D8%A5%D9%84%D9%89-%D8%A7%D8%AD%D8%AA%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA-%D9%88%D9%8A%D8%A8-3-0)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/web3-%E8%AF%88%E9%AA%97%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/les-arnaques-du-web3)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/web-30-scams-erklaert)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D0%97%D0%BD%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BC%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE-%D1%81-%D0%BC%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%87%D0%B5%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%BC-%D0%B2-%D0%BC%D0%B8%D1%80%D0%B5-web3)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/las-estafas-de-la-web3)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/web-30%E8%A9%90%E6%AC%BA%E3%81%AE%E8%AA%AC%E6%98%8E)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/web3-%EC%8A%A4%EC%BA%A0%EC%97%90-%EA%B4%80%ED%95%9C-%EC%84%A4%EB%AA%85)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/web-3-0-dolandiriciliklari)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/introducao-aos-golpes-da-web3)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * D) Web3 security essentials __
  * ... __
  * Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them

The Classroom

PATHWAY D) Web3 security essentials

chapter 1/3

# Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them

Sep 23, 2022 | **Updated Feb 6, 2024**

__Read 5 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Web3%20Scams%3A%20Common%20Crypto%20Scams%20and%20How%20To%20Avoid%20Them&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-
explained&title=Web3%20Scams%3A%20Common%20Crypto%20Scams%20and%20How%20To%20Avoid%20Them
"Reddit")

![Crypto shilling is one of the most prevalent scams in crypto. It involves
advertising a fake project or hyping up a project that doesn’t have any
potential. ](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Grey-2-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The crypto scene attracts all sorts of people, including innovators,
traders, and speculators. However, like with any kind of valuable asset,
crypto also attracts scammers.  
  
  
— Some crypto scams are simple and others are more complex. Even crypto
natives are often victims, and a hardware wallet can’t protect you from all
scams.  
  
— The best way to deal with crypto scams is to avoid them entirely. With
education, you can implement the best security practices to avoid the most
common scams  
  
Scams are an all-too-common yet unfortunate aspect of the crypto space. While
the crypto ecosystem has grown substantially, so too has the number of
scammers. Of course, there are countless methods you can take to stay safe,
but they aren’t infallible. For example, while a hardware wallet can protect
you from hacks; it can’t protect you from falling for a scam.

Crypto scams come in many shapes and forms but they are all after one thing:
your digital assets. Typically, these thefts aren’t as simple as a mugging on
the street either. A bad actor might be a masterful hacker, able to gain
access to your web2 device (computer or mobile phone” through your internet
connection. Alternatively, they may be a masterful manipulator instead,
managing to convince you to hand over the funds yourself. They may even employ
a range of methods at each step of the scam.

Since the blockchain is pseudonymous, it’s not always easy to find the culprit
of a crypto crime. Often, your best option to keep your funds safe is to know
how to avoid risks in the first place.

So what are some of the most common crypto scams and how can you spot a crypto
scammer?

To help you stay safe, let’s dive into the most common crypto scams in 2024.

## **The Most Common Crypto Scams in 2024**

Of course, the number of scams is increasing each day, so it’s impossible to
list each one you may encounter. However, the following scams are some of the
most common. Before you start transacting, make sure you take a look at some
of these ploys that could be targeting you.

### **Rug Pulls**

Rug pulls are possibly the most well-known type of scam in the crypto space.
To explain, a [rug pull](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-rug-pull) is
when founders launch and market a token, typically attracting “Investors” via
FOMO-style marketing. But when the price of the coin inflates, the founders
immediately sell a huge amount of their share, removing significant liquidity
from the project. This essentially leaves the “investors” holding worthless
coins.

Usually, at this point, the founders abandon the project, but that’s not
always the case. Some projects rug pull in a different way, with founders
keeping up communication with “investors” and blaming the project’s failure on
mistakes rather than malice. However, the result is the same: the project
“members” end up holding worthless coins and the founders siphon out the funds
slowly, claiming they needed to pay for things here and there. In these cases,
the scam is usually deemed a “slow” or “soft” rug pull instead.

### **Pump and Dumps**

[Pump and dumps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-dump-in-
crypto) are similar to rug pulls, but instead, they are performed by
collectives. Essentially, a pump and dump involves a group collaborating to
manipulate the price of a coin. The operators of a pump and dump could be a
group of friends, or they could be investors who have never met in real life.
As long as there are enough participants to impact the price of a coin, it
could be anyone.

The idea is that this group will conspire to hype up their chosen asset at the
same time. They may use Twitter, discord, or any social media to reach as many
people as possible to “shill” the chosen asset. If that term is new to you,
essentially [shilling](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-crypto-shilling)
is a method to drum up hype for a specific asset. The problem is that a pump-
and-dump group will have a target selling price. When unsuspecting investors
start inflating the price of the chosen asset, the original group will all
exit their positions simultaneously, dumping worthless coins on the new
entrants.

### **Phishing**

Phishing scams happen everywhere, both in and out of the crypto space. With a
[phishing scam](https://www.ledger.com/academy/somethings-phishy-how-to-keep-
your-crypto-safe-against-scams), someone pretends to be another person or
business. The aim is to either get your login details, and Secret Recovery
Phrase, or convince you to sign malicious approvals or transactions.

They may use an NFT marketplace as a disguise. Or even worse, you could
encounter a fake metamask pop-up that prompts you to input your secret
recovery phrase. Essentially, phishing scams attempt to trick you into
thinking you’re accessing a familiar platform.

Double-check the URL of any website you visit to ensure you’re accessing the
official website. Then, make sure that if you’re signing transactions, the
proposal includes the correct recipient’s details. If you’re accessing a
phishing site masking as a site you know, their blockchain address won’t
match. Hopefully, you’ll notice before signing away your assets.

### **Airdrop Scams**

Another common scam uses [airdrops](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-an-
airdrop) as its medium. To explain, bad actors may airdrop tokens directly
into your crypto account. These tokens could be benign, and the contract may
lead you to a phishing site or a site designed to install malware on your
device. Alternatively, interacting with the tokens, such as trying to transfer
them, may initiate a malicious transaction, aiming to seek your approval to
move funds out of your account.

If you buy or collect NFTs, you may have encountered these types of scams
before. All of those spam NFTs in your hidden folder are likely the result of
a failed Airdrop scam attempt. Whether you’re dealing with a fungible or non-
fungible airdrop scam, the advice is the same: don’t interact with them and
there’s nothing to worry about.

### **Compromised Accounts and SIMswapping**

One of the worst and most common scams in 2024 is compromised social media
accounts as a result of SIM swapping. This scam involves a bad actor gaining
control of a legitimate figure’s social media accounts by re-routing the
victim’s two-factor authentication codes to their own device. This is usually
orchestrated by either bribing or scamming the victim’s mobile phone service
provider.

Typically, once a bad actor has access to the social media account, they will
post links to malicious websites. The link may be disguised as an offer for an
exclusive digital asset such as a Free NFT.  Maybe the post is offering a
limited edition opportunity to meet and greet your favorite celebrity.
Sometimes compromised accounts don’t bother to try and disguise themselves at
all, posting obvious links to dodgy crypto casinos. Either way, if you see
famous people posting links with time-sensitive opportunities, make sure to do
your research! If the offer sounds too good to be true, it probably is.

### **Cloud Mining Scams**

Mining crypto can be expensive, as hardware and its upkeep costs money. [Cloud
mining](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)
companies offer the option to rent their mining hardware for a fixed fee and a
share of the revenue. However, the reality is that many cloud mining companies
turn out to be scams. Since the cloud mining service handles all mining
operations, including buying and running the hardware, it is impossible to
oversee its actions with transparency. Who knows how many mining rigs they
have and how much they cost to run? Unfortunately, there’s just no way to
tell.

As a result, you may find that smaller cloud mining services tend to be
fraudulent, or in a slightly better case scenario, they may be profiting very
unfairly using your funds.  Either way, it’s always good to research the
reputation of a cloud mining service before you dive in to avoid these types
of scams.

### **Investment Schemes**

Investment schemes are common both within and outside the crypto realm. It
starts like this: an unknown ‘investment manager’ approaches you with an
enticing opportunity that appears too good to pass up. The website seems
legitimate and the investment manager is knowledgeable. But, all is not as it
seems. The actual investment process typically involves sending crypto to the
scammer or downloading an app promising quick wealth.

Once you’ve parted with your crypto or granted access to your wallet, the
‘manager’ and the platform suddenly disappear. You find yourself blocked and
without recourse. It’s a common scam where the promise of quick riches
overrides all suspicion. With these types of scams, just avoiding any “get
rich quick” scheme is generally the best option. After all, nothing in life
tends to come for free.

### **Fake Crypto Job Adverts**

Crafting a career in the crypto field can often be the ultimate goal.
Unfortunately, scammers often exploit this enthusiasm through fake job
listings. These deceptive job listings are often in crypto mining or
recruiting crypto investors. One key red flag to distinguish between genuine
opportunities and scams is the payment process.

Scammers may insist on payment from you to initiate your role, requesting a
payment in crypto to commence. Some may even offer up apparent proof by
claiming they’ve made a Fiat payment into your account, suggesting you can
make a crypto deposit without any cash loss. However, this initial Fiat
payment is likely to fail, leaving you out of pocket.

Another way they may attack you is by asking you to download specific working
docs or software in your “onboarding package”. In reality, they are giving you
malware, and from there they gain access to your device to find and extract
your private keys.

### **Fake Apps**

Another way scammers target individuals is by building [fake crypto
apps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hack-5-malicious-wallet). These apps are
available for download on reputable platforms like Apple’s App Store or the
Google Play Store, leading users to believe the apps are legitimate. Once
downloaded, users deposit cash into the app. The app may be posing as an
exchange, convincing you to purchase cryptocurrency. Alternatively, it could
be disguised as a familiar app or service.

Some false apps go a step further by sending emails, claiming users must pay
taxes in fiat before being allowed to withdraw their crypto. The bottom line
is: if you give these apps a dime, you’re not getting it back out. While these
kinds of apps are quickly identified and removed, they often have a
significant impact.

### **Giveaway Scams**

Another common scam is the ‘giveaway’ scam. Giveaway scams lure you in with
promises of free money or other prizes, such as a free NFT, in exchange for
following the scammer’s instructions. Many people fall prey to these scams
because the perpetrators pose as influencers or celebrities, leveraging their
perceived legitimacy in the space.

Typically, the giveaway scam involves signing up on a malicious site or
clicking a deceptive link. Unbeknownst to you, your crypto is sent directly to
the scammer. You thought you were entering a giveaway, but you were actually
signing over access to your assets instead.

### **Impersonation scams**

While scammers often pose as high-profile individuals for giveaway scams,
there are also other ways that these thieves use impersonation to gain access
to your funds. One example involves criminals posing as government officials,
asserting that your assets have been frozen as part of an investigation. To
purportedly resolve the issue, they insist on receiving payment in crypto to
“prove your account.”

Another deceptive tactic involves scammers claiming to be officials from
reputable entities like Microsoft, Amazon, FedEx, or your bank. By assuming
the identity of trusted organizations, these scammers aim to gain your trust.
Once they have your trust, they can get you to send them money in
cryptocurrency, or even give them your secret recovery phrase.

### **Blackmail or Extortion scams**

Extortion scam emails target hundreds of thousands of people every year. In
these scams, fraudsters claim to have possession of personal information. This
personal information could be explicit photos, videos, or messages. They
threaten to share this content with your entire email list, reveal it to
colleagues and family, and make the private information public.

To stop the spread of this material, the scammers claim that if you pay them
in crypto, they will refrain from publishing any of this sensitive content.
These emails typically emphasize urgency, stressing that you have less than 24
hours to send the crypto to prevent being exposed.

### **Romance Scams**

Finally, we come to a scam that is prevalent both in and out of the crypto
world: romance scams. Romance scams involve the development of an online
relationship where someone establishes a connection with their targeted
victim. This may include ‘catfishing,’ where a fake profile is used.
Alternatively, the scammer might even use their own photos and engage in video
calls to create a false sense of security. These scammers are patient,
investing weeks or months in communication with their fake lover.

Once trust is established, the scammer then requests crypto payments or
encourages the victim to invest in crypto together, promising that they will
get rich. However, once the scammer has what they want, they abruptly vanish,
leaving the victim deceived and defrauded.

## **How do Crypto Scams work**

There will always be bad actors in any space, and often, they stop at nothing.
Scammers may use one of the above methods, or they may employ multiple tactics
alone or at the same time. Whatever way the scammer decides to target their
victim, the goal is always the same. The scammers want your money. Whether
that is through accessing your account, stealing your assets, or having you
send crypto to them.

Let’s take a look at how crypto scams work.

### **Via Malware or Spyware on Your Internet-Connected Device**

Many of the common crypto scams will aim to attack you via malware or spyware.
They do so by leading you to download this malicious software on your
internet-connected device.

Malware allows the hackers to change the screen of your internet-connected
device (i.e. phone, laptop, tablet, desktop computer). Once the screen is
changed, the hackers can trick you into approving ill-intentioned
transactions.  By approving a single transaction, you could be handing over
all of your crypto, or perhaps just a single NFT. Either way, malicious
transactions never end well for the victim.

Another type of hacking includes spyware, malicious software that allows the
attacker access to your system’s files. The hacker can then go through your
files and find where your private keys are stored. Once they have your private
keys, the hacker has complete control of your crypto wallet.

This method is popular with hackers attacking software wallets, as only these
types of wallets operate solely on your internet-connected device.

### **Exposing your secret recovery phrase or private keys**

Some spyware might not only target your private keys but your secret recovery
phrase too. If you use a hardware wallet, you don’t have to worry about
revealing either of these pieces of information when signing transactions. But
with a [software wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-
is-a-software-wallet), you risk exposing your private keys or secret recovery
phrase to attackers using malware or spyware.

Even if your secret recovery phrase is safe from hacking using a hardware
wallet, the final barrier is you. To explain, attackers will also target your
secret recovery phrase via social engineering., With a social engineering
scam, the attacker will manipulate you to reveal your SRP through any means
possible.

 Whatever you do, do not tell anyone your secret recovery phrase, and never
enter it into any app or service that requests it. The only time you need to
input your secret recovery phrase anywhere is when you want to restore access
to your wallet on a different device. Remember: anyone with access to your
secret recovery phrase can control all of the accounts associated with it.
It’s the single most important piece of information you need to keep safe.

### **Approving Malicious Smart Contract Functions**

Bad actors may exploit blind signing to trick you into signing away your
assets by leveraging the complexity of smart contract functions, particularly
the SetApprovalForAll function.

[Smart contract functions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/smart-contract-
functions-essential-red-flags-to-know-about) are pieces of code that enable
specific actions within the context of smart contracts. When you “call a
function,” it triggers an interaction between your wallet and the web3
platform you’re using. Approving these functions allows smart contracts to
execute tasks involving your wallet. Unfortunately, some smart contracts are
designed with malicious functions intended to steal your digital assets.

 Scammers may trick you into ‘[blind
signing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-weakness-blind-
signing-explained)’ (signing raw contract data that is not able to be ready by
computers). The contract that you sign sets approval for the scammer to
transfer and withdraw assets. Moreover, this approval is not limited to
existing assets; it extends to all future tokens from those smart contracts
entering your wallet. It’s like writing a blank cheque to a hacker!

## **How to mitigate risk when interacting with web3**

It’s important to note, that it’s impossible to avoid all scams simply by
taking heed of the following advice. However, if you want to keep your funds
safe, there are a few key things you can do to mitigate risks.

### **Use a Hardware wallet**

First things first: if you want to keep your crypto safe, you should invest in
a hardware wallet. A [hardware wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
hardware-wallet) is a physical device that allows you to sign transactions and
interact with the blockchain while storing your private keys offline.

This protects you from exposing your private keys via your internet-connected
device. To explain, your web2 device, such as a smartphone or laptop, is
vulnerable to malware and spyware. This malicious software can help bad actors
extract your private keys via your internet connection when you sign a
transaction with a web2 device. Hardware wallets avoid this risk by allowing
you to sign transactions offline and sending the already signed transaction to
your web2 device in a state it can’t be tampered with.

Not only that, hardware wallets also protect your crypto using physical
confirmation, as a sort of two-factor authentication. Using a hardware wallet,
you can only move funds after confirming the transaction physically with the
device. Typically, hardware wallets also employ mechanisms to guarantee that
only the true owner can confirm the transaction physically. For Ledger
devices, confirming a transaction on your device requires you to input a PIN,
which makes sure that even if a bad actor has physical access to your wallet,
they can’t control your accounts.

Thus, using a hardware wallet can protect your funds from online scams, and
remote access to your wallet. In some cases, they also protect you from
hackers who might attempt to gain physical access to your wallet. For example,
Ledger devices use a Secure Element chip which is protected from countless
physical attacks such as side-channel attacks and glitching.

### **Keep Your Most Valuable Assets in a Cold Account**

To keep your assets safe from malicious smart contracts and approvals, another
great option is [segregating your crypto
assets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/segregate-crypto-assets) into multiple
accounts and keeping one account cold.

Today, most crypto wallets allow you to create a near-infinite number of
accounts managed by the same interface and restored using the same secret
recovery phrase. While you can restore them with a single mnemonic, these
accounts operate completely separately from one another. This means that an
approval you sign with one account will not affect the security of another.

An account that never interacts with smart contracts, apps, or unknown
wallets, is immune to the threats associated with signing transactions. Thus,
a clever way to keep your most valuable assets safe is by keeping them in an
account that only sends and receives assets to/from other known wallets rather
than engaging with Web3 apps.

This is called a [cold
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet),
and although they are often confused with hardware wallets, the terms are not
synonymous. A cold account can operate from your hardware wallet, only storing
private keys and protecting your funds. Meanwhile, you can sign potentially
malicious transactions with a separate account containing less valuable
assets. This keeps your cold account protected.

### **Don’t Click Any Links**

It’s a well-known rule, and if you’re using a software wallet, it’s probably
the most important piece of advice you can hear. To clarify – do not click any
links when you are connected with an account containing valuable assets. You
can never be certain if a link is trustworthy.

Mostly the websites themselves are benign, and simply prompt you to hand over
your secret recovery phrase or connect to a malicious platform via your
wallet. In these cases, just closing the window and forgetting about the whole
experience is the best solution.

However, sometimes clicking the link means it’s already too late. Although
it’s unusual, there are master hackers out there who can trick your system
into downloading malware as soon as you click a malicious link. So, make sure
if you click a link, you know where it will lead, and don’t trust anyone!

That said, if you’re using a hardware wallet, you don’t need to worry about
clicking links. Your hardware wallet signs transactions offline and away from
your web2 device, so even if you have malware on your computer, your hardware
wallet will be unaffected.

### **DYOR**

Finally, and perhaps the most important piece of advice when it comes to
crypto security: [Do Your Own Research](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-
your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects). No matter how
trustworthy someone or something seems to be, always dyor. Whether you’re
buying an NFT or registering for an airdrop,  verify the trustworthiness of
the transaction.

Check the recipient’s address with their official website or spokesperson if
you’re having doubts. Double-check the contract of any app using a block
explorer to check you are interacting with the correct platform. In short,
just make sure you verify each detail, and only click accept if you’re
certain.

## **Final Thoughts on Crypto Scams**

It is clear to see that scams are common, and navigating the crypto space can
be a minefield. However, these bad actors should not deter you from
interacting with the crypto sphere. If you follow the four simple rules of
using a hardware wallet, keeping a cold account, not clicking links, and of
course, doing your own research, then you greatly reduce the risk of being
targeted by hackers and scammers.  
  
To conclude – protect your assets, play safe, and have fun!

## **Crypto scam FAQ**

### **Can you get scammed if someone sends you crypto?**

Someone sending you crypto does not automatically mean that they can scam you.
Think of it like having a bank account. If someone sends you money, it does
not mean that they are scamming you. However, scammers can target you by
sending you scammy assets. While some scam assets will simply try and redirect
you to a malicious website, others will have in-built functions that can
attempt to drain your wallet or access specific assets. If someone sends you
crypto you don’t recognize, including spam NFTs, just ignore them. What you
don’t interact with can’t hurt you.

### **I just fell for a crypto scam….What now?**

If you’ve just been scammed, you now need to protect your wallet. How to
handle the situation depends on how you got scammed. So let’s explore some of
the best methods of protecting your wallet after being compromised.  

#### What to do if a scammer stole a single asset

If the scammer was only able to take one particular asset, you may have signed
a malicious approval. If that is the case, they may be able to steal that
asset from the wallet again if you refill it. In this case, the first thing
you should do is revoke the approvals on the account. This will stop any app
from taking any more assets out of your account. While it may already be too
late, it’s always good to revoke your approvals first. Next, the best course
of action is to move all of your assets out of the compromised account. If
you’re using an HD wallet you can create another account and move your assets
there instead. Your new account has completely separate approvals, so it
should be perfectly safe.

#### What to do if a scammer has access to a single account

If the scammer seems to have access to a single account, they have likely
obtained the private key for that account. If that’s the case, they can move
any asset in and out of your account without worrying about approvals. Yes,
they can just sign transactions without limits themselves. In this situation,
there is no use revoking approvals, the scammer already controls your funds.

If the scam is still ongoing, you’re racing against the clock. Transfer as
many of your assets out of the compromised account as soon as you can. If
you’re using an HD wallet, you can create a new account from the same
interface and move all of your assets there.

#### What to do if a scammer has access to more than one of your accounts

Finally, if the scammer seems to have access to more than one account
protected by your wallet, they likely have access to your secret recovery
phrase. In this case, it’s necessary to set up an entirely new wallet with a
new secret recovery phrase and transfer your assets to a newly created account
there. If your SRP is compromised, every account associated with it (both past
and future) is compromised along with it. If you’re using a software wallet,
you will just need to download a new wallet. However, if you’re using a
hardware wallet, you will

need to reset the device to generate a new secret recovery phrase. Make sure
if you do that you have access to the old account so you can move your assets
across though.

### Can you report crypto scams?

Crypto laws differ globally and many laws are still in creation. However,
scammers are beginning to face the consequences of their online actions. So,
if you’ve been scammed, check your local laws and report to the police.

Additionally, there are now on-chain methods of reporting crypto crimes. A
good example of one such method is chainabuse. This website allows you to
submit reports on projects or individuals to help keep track of bad actors.

Another great way to report crimes on-chain is using Etherscan. If you
encounter a wallet drainer or malicious app, you can report it using
Etherscan. This will create a warning on the contract page which may help
other users avoid the same fate. Finally, if all other methods fail, you might
want to reach out to a [blockchain
sleuth](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-
detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth) such as ZachXBT or Intelligence On
Chain. Although they tend to have numerous cases, it may be that details of
your case will help sleuths solve a larger investigation. Crypto detectives
might not immediately come to your call, but sometimes, you may be able to
help them get justice for a wider pool of victims.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/Version-3a-11-1024x576.png)](https://quest.ledger.com/quests/welcome-
to-web3)

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Web3%20Scams%3A%20Common%20Crypto%20Scams%20and%20How%20To%20Avoid%20Them&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fweb3-security-essentials%2Fweb3-scams-
explained&title=Web3%20Scams%3A%20Common%20Crypto%20Scams%20and%20How%20To%20Avoid%20Them
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate…
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-
crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto
Projects")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D9%85%D9%82%D8%AF%D9%85%D8%A9-%D8%A5%D9%84%D9%89-%D8%A7%D8%AD%D8%AA%D9%8A%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA-%D9%88%D9%8A%D8%A8-3-0)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/web3-%E8%AF%88%E9%AA%97%E8%AF%B4%E6%98%8E)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/les-arnaques-du-web3)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/web-30-scams-erklaert)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D0%97%D0%BD%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%BC%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE-%D1%81-%D0%BC%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D0%B8%D1%87%D0%B5%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%BC-%D0%B2-%D0%BC%D0%B8%D1%80%D0%B5-web3)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/las-estafas-de-la-web3)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/web-30%E8%A9%90%E6%AC%BA%E3%81%AE%E8%AA%AC%E6%98%8E)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/web3-%EC%8A%A4%EC%BA%A0%EC%97%90-%EA%B4%80%ED%95%9C-%EC%84%A4%EB%AA%85)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/web-3-0-dolandiriciliklari)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/introducao-aos-golpes-da-web3)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

