Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![üìù](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4dd.svg)

Uses of Ethereum are always developing and evolving. Add any info you think
will make things clearer or more up to date. [Edit page(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/refi/index.md)

![‚ôªÔ∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/267b.svg)

# Regenerative Finance (ReFi)

  * An alternative economic system built on regenerative principles
  * An attempt to harness Ethereum to solve global-level coordination crises such as climate change
  * A tool to drastically scale ecological benefit assets like verified carbon credits

On this page

  * What is ReFi?
  * Tokenization of carbon credits
    * Key components of the DCM
  * ReFi beyond carbon markets
  * Additional reading on ReFi

![](/_next/image/?url=%2Ffuture_transparent.png&w=1920&q=75)

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

## On this page

  * What is ReFi?
  * Tokenization of carbon credits
  * ReFi beyond carbon markets
  * Additional reading on ReFi

## What is ReFi?

**Regenerative finance (ReFi)** is a set of tools and ideas built on top of
_blockchains_ , that aim to create economies which are regenerative, rather
than extractive or exploitative. Eventually, extractive systems deplete the
resources available and collapse; without regenerative mechanisms, they lack
resilience. ReFi operates on the assumption that the creation of monetary
value must be decoupled from the unsustainable extraction of resources from
our planet and communities.

Instead, ReFi aims to solve environmental, communal, or social problems by
creating regenerative cycles. These systems create value for participants
while simultaneously benefiting ecosystems and communities.

One of the foundations of ReFi is the concept of regenerative economics
pioneered by John Fullerton of the Capital Institute. He proposed [eight
interconnected principles(opens in a new
tab)](https://capitalinstitute.org/8-principles-regenerative-economy/) that
underlie systemic health:

[![Eight interconnected
principles](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Frefi%2Frefi-regenerative-economy-
diagram.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/refi/refi-regenerative-economy-diagram.png)

ReFi projects realize these principles using _smart contracts_ and
_decentralized finance (DeFi)_ applications to incentivize regenerative
behaviors, e.g. restoring degraded ecosystems, and facilitate large-scale
collaboration on global issues such as climate change and biodiversity loss.

ReFi also overlaps with the [decentralized science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)
movement, which uses Ethereum as a platform to finance, create, review,
credit, store, and disseminate scientific knowledge. DeSci tools could become
useful for developing verifiable standards and practices for implementing and
monitoring regenerative activities like planting trees, removing plastic from
the ocean, or restoring a degraded ecosystem.

## Tokenization of carbon credits

The **[voluntary carbon market (VCM)(opens in a new
tab)](https://climatefocus.com/so-what-voluntary-carbon-market-exactly/)** is
a mechanism for funding projects that make a verified positive impact on
carbon emissions, either reducing ongoing emissions, or removing greenhouse
gases already emitted from the atmosphere. These projects receive an asset
called "carbon credits" after they are verified, which they can sell to
individuals and organizations who want to support climate action.

In addition to the VCM, there are also several government-mandated carbon
markets (‚Äòcompliance markets‚Äô) that aim to establish a carbon price via laws
or regulations within a particular jurisdiction (e.g. country or region),
controlling the supply of permits to be distributed. Compliance markets
incentivize polluters within their jurisdiction to reduce emissions, but they
are not capable of removing greenhouse gases which have already been emitted.

Despite its development over recent decades, the VCM continues to suffer from
a variety of issues:

  1. Highly fragmented liquidity
  2. Opaque transaction mechanisms
  3. High fees
  4. Very slow trading speed
  5. Lack of scalability

Transitioning the VCM to the new blockchain-based **digital carbon market
(DCM)** might be an opportunity to upgrade the existing technology for
validating, transacting and consuming carbon credits. Blockchains allow for
publicly verifiable data, access for a broad range of users, and more
liquidity.

ReFi projects employ blockchain technology to alleviate many of the problems
of the traditional market:

  * **Liquidity is concentrated in a small number of liquidity pools** that can be freely traded by anyone. Large organizations as well as individual users can use these pools without manual searches for sellers/buyers, participation fees, or prior registration.
  * **All transactions are recorded on public blockchains**. The path each carbon credit takes due to trading activity is traceable forever as soon as it is made available in the DCM.
  * **Transaction speed is nearly instant**. Securing large amounts of carbon credits via the legacy markets can take days or weeks, but this can be achieved in a few seconds in the DCM.
  * **Trading activity occurs without intermediaries** , which charge high fees. Digital carbon credits represent a significant cost reduction compared to traditional credits.
  * **The DCM is scalable** and can meet the demands of individuals and multinational corporations alike.

### Key components of the DCM

Four major components make up the current landscape of the DCM:

  1. Registries such as [Verra(opens in a new tab)](https://verra.org/project/vcs-program/registry-system/) and [Gold Standard(opens in a new tab)](https://www.goldstandard.org/) make sure that projects creating carbon credits are reliable. They also operate the databases in which digital carbon credits originate and can be transferred or used up (retired).

There is a new wave of innovative projects being built on blockchains that are
attempting to disrupt incumbents in this sector.

  2. Carbon bridges, a.k.a. tokenizers, provide technology to represent or transfer carbon credits from traditional registries into the DCM. Notable examples include [Toucan Protocol(opens in a new tab)](https://toucan.earth/), [C3(opens in a new tab)](https://c3.app/), and [Moss.Earth(opens in a new tab)](https://moss.earth/).
  3. Integrated services offer carbon avoidance and/or removal credits to end-users so they can claim the environmental benefit of a credit and share their support of climate action with the world.

Some such as [Klima Infinity(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.klimadao.finance/infinity) and [Senken(opens in a new
tab)](https://senken.io/) offer a wide variety of projects developed by third
parties and issued under established standards like Verra; others like
[Nori(opens in a new tab)](https://nori.com/) only offer specific projects
developed under their own carbon credit standard, which they issue and for
which they have their own dedicated marketplace.

  4. The underlying rails and infrastructure that facilitate the scaling up of the impact and efficiency of the carbon market‚Äôs entire supply chain. [KlimaDAO(opens in a new tab)](http://klimadao.finance/) supplies liquidity as a public good (allowing anyone to buy or sell carbon credits at a transparent price), incentivizes increased throughput of carbon markets and retirements with rewards, and provides user-friendly interoperable tooling to access data about, as well as acquire and retire, a wide variety of tokenized carbon credits.

## ReFi beyond carbon markets

Although there is currently a strong emphasis on carbon markets in general and
transitioning the VCM to the DCM in particular within the space, the term
‚ÄúReFi‚Äù is not strictly limited to carbon. Other environmental assets beyond
carbon credits can be developed and tokenized, which will mean other negative
externalities can also be priced within the base layers of future economic
systems. Moreover, the regenerative aspect of this economic model can be
applied to other areas, such as the funding of public goods via quadratic
funding platforms like [Gitcoin(opens in a new tab)](https://gitcoin.co/).
Organizations that are built on the idea of open participation and equitable
distribution of resources empower everyone to funnel money to open-source
software projects, as well as educational, environmental, and community-driven
projects.

By shifting the direction of capital away from extractive practices toward a
regenerative flow, projects and companies that provide social, environmental,
or communal benefits‚Äîand which might fail to achieve funding in traditional
finance‚Äîcan get off the ground and generate positive externalities for society
much more quickly and easily. Transitioning to this model of funding also
opens the door to much more inclusive economic systems, where people of all
demographics can become active participants rather than merely passive
observers. ReFi offers a vision of Ethereum as a mechanism for coordinating
action on existential challenges facing our species and all life on our
planet‚Äîas the base layer of a new economic paradigm, enabling a more inclusive
and sustainable future for centuries to come.

## Additional reading on ReFi

  * [A high-level overview of carbon currencies and their place in the economy(opens in a new tab)](https://www.klimadao.finance/blog/the-vision-of-a-carbon-currency)
  * [The Ministry for the Future, a novel depicting the role of a carbon-backed currency in fighting climate change(opens in a new tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ministry_for_the_Future)
  * [A detailed report by the Taskforce for Scaling Voluntary Carbon Markets(opens in a new tab)](https://www.iif.com/Portals/1/Files/TSVCM_Report.pdf)
  * [Kevin Owocki and Evan Miyazono‚Äôs CoinMarketCap Glossary entry on ReFi(opens in a new tab)](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/glossary/regenerative-finance-refi)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### DeFi

A broad category of Ethereum apps aiming to provide financial services backed
by the blockchain, without any intermediaries. [More on decentralized finance
(DeFi)](/en/defi/)

