[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

# Careers

Come build an ecosystem to support the next generation.

Work at a company that is challenging norms and make a difference in the
industry at large.

## Develop the bleeding-edge of blockchain infrastructure.

Weâre at the frontier of several hotly-anticipated engineering projects:

Bringing the powerful Solana Virtual Machine to Ethereum as an L2; supporting
shared sequencers; and a high TPS zero-knowledge VM to name a few.  
  
Come work on interesting engineering problems with the support of major
ecosystems like Celestia, EigenLayer, RISC Zero and more. Join a selective
team of people who are passionate about what they do and move fast.  
  
We have the opportunity to influence the blockchain industry at large.

## Do great work with great people.

Competitive Compensation

Youâll be working on some of the hardest problems in the industry. Eclipse
pays in the top percentile for the right candidates.

Medical, Dental, & Vision

We want you to be happy and healthy. So you'll get access to a variety of
benefits, including medical, dental, and vision care.

Flexible Remote Policy

Weâre open to remote work, as our focus is on finding the best talent out
there.

Strong Team Culture

We regularly host inclusive events to foster team culture. For remote team
members, youâll have the option to fly out to spend time with your team.

In-Office Catered Lunch

When you work out of our San Francisco headquarters, enjoy in-office lunch
with the team.

401(k) Matching

You can choose to participate in Eclipse's 401(k) traditional and 401(k) Roth
Plans.

[Refer a candidate for our open positions and earn up to $15K.Referral Bonus
Program ](https://www.notion.so/eclipse-labs/Eclipse-Referral-Bonus-
Program-4865b76266e44a99af0347763a8423ca)

## Want to work with us?

#### [Senior Protocol Engineer This full-time Senior Protocol Engineer will
oversee performance improvements to the SVM execution environment and the core
protocol of Eclipse Mainnet.
](https://boards.greenhouse.io/eclipse/jobs/4040643008)

#### [Research Engineer Our full-time Research Engineer will play a key role
in conducting research, designing protocols, and implementing core
infrastructure components that power our
network.](https://boards.greenhouse.io/eclipse/jobs/4025286008)

#### [Developer Relations Associate This Developer Relations Associate will
play a crucial role interacting with developers and propelling the growth of
Eclipseâs ecosystem.](https://boards.greenhouse.io/eclipse/jobs/4036865008)

#### [Social Media and Communications Manager This Social Media and
Communications Manager will play a crucial role in managing Eclipseâs Social
Media presence and publicizing the companyâs
communications.](https://boards.greenhouse.io/eclipse/jobs/4040529008)

## Sign up for our mailing list

Thank you! Your submission has been received!

Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

[Twitter ](https://twitter.com/EclipseFND)[Telegram
](https://t.me/eclipse_labs)[Discord ](https://discord.gg/eclipse-
labs)[LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eclipse-laboratories/)

