[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Solana wallet

## The right hardware wallet for your Solana

Looking for a Solana Wallet to buy and store your Solana? Join 6+ million
customers who trust Ledger hardware wallets to securely store their crypto and
use them on the day-to-day basis.

  * __ Mobile & Desktop App
  * __ Secured by Hardware Wallet

Secure your Solana

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![Solana wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Solana-Wallet.webp)

Ledger Secured Solution

###  How to secure your Solana ?

Whether you’re looking to keep your crypto safe for long-term or manage them
on a daily basis, **Ledger has the right product for you.**

[Get a Ledger wallet](https://shop.ledger.com)

Ledger hardware wallet

[**Ledger hardware wallet**](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-
wallets) stores your private keys and signs transactions offline, making them
resistant to **malicious attacks and threats**. Pair the Ledger crypto wallet
with Ledger Live App to manage your Solana on the go.

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PHBhdGggZD0iTTI4LjM2IDIwLjQ4bDcuMjQtNy4yNEwyOC4zNiA2bC0uOTIuOTIgMi44IDIuNzZjLjkyLjk2IDEuOTIgMS45MiAyLjg4IDIuODhINnYxLjM2aDI3LjE2Yy0xIC45Ni0xLjk2IDEuOTItMi45MiAyLjg4bC0yLjggMi43Ni45Mi45MnpNNC40IDI2Ljc2TDExLjY0IDM0bC45Mi0uOTItMi44LTIuOGMtLjkyLS45Mi0xLjkyLTEuOTItMi44OC0yLjg0SDM0di0xLjM2SDYuODhjLjk2LS45NiAxLjk2LTEuOTIgMi44OC0yLjg4bDIuOC0yLjgtLjkyLS44OC03LjI0IDcuMjR6IiBmaWxsPSIjQjM4MEREIi8+PC9zdmc+)

Ledger Live App

[**Ledger Live App**](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) is a gateway to
manage your assets, checking your real-time balance, tracking transaction
histories, and more.

### How to get a Solana wallet?

1

![Get a Ledger Nano](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Get-a-Ledger.webp)

#### Get a Ledger Nano

Select and purchase a Ledger hardware wallet of your choice.

  * Beginner in the crypto world? Get started with Ledger Nano S Plus.
  * Prefer a Bluetooth connection? Try with Ledger Nano X.

[Get Ledger Nano](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)

2

![Download Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Install-Ledger-Live.webp)

#### Download Ledger Live

Download and install the Ledger Live app in a couple of clicks on desktop and
mobile.

Coupled with a Ledger, it makes the most secured wallet for your Solana.

Download the app __

[ __Windows app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win "Windows app") [
__Mac app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac "Mac app") [ __Linux
app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux "Linux app")

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-
UK_RGB_blk_092917@2x.png)
](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/google-play-
badge@2x.png) ](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/)

3

![Start your Solana journey securely](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Add-coins-to-your-portfolio.webp)

#### Start your Solana journey securely

Add a Solana account with a couple of clicks. Choose among different providers
and easily manage your Solana.

And not only Solana. With Ledger Live, you can manage thousands of crypto and
a large variety of NFTs.

### Buy, Manage, and Stake Solana at your fingertips

![Manage your Solana](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Manage your Solana

With Ledger Live coupled with a Ledger, you can:

  * Securely execute transactions by physically validating them with your Ledger Hardware Wallet
  * Manage your Solana as well as thousands of other crypto assets
  * Track your portfolio

*Buy, send/receive, swap, stake, and other crypto transaction services are provided by third-parties provider, which availability may vary based on jurisdiction/territory.

![Buy Solana](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/buy-
your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Buy Solana

You can easily buy Solana with a credit/debit card or bank transfer. Choose
from a range of service providers (Paypal, Ramp, MoonPay, Sardine…) and select
the option that works best for you.

Your Solana will land safely in your Ledger Solana Wallet.

[Buy Solana](https://www.ledger.com/buy)

![Stake Solana](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Stake-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Stake Solana

Put your Solana to work and get rewards.

In just a few clicks, you can start staking Solana through Ledger Live. Track
your rewards in the Earn section and discover staking opportunities across
chains.

[Stake Solana](/staking)

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-
crypto-assets.webp)

## The best Solana hardware wallet

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")

__________4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews

The perfect crypto wallet to start securely managing your Solana.

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X")

__________4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled Solana
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/stax.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable Solana wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

### Choice of 6,000,000+ customers

Bertil A.

___________5/5_

In order to secure cryptocurrencies, Ledger is the perfect tool.

Kevin L.

___________5/5_

Simply a very elegant peace of hardware, with a gorgeous UI in the app.

James P.

___________5/5_

ALL is good, all legal resources bought was as specified and compliant, party
on.

[Read more reviews](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x#reviews
"Read more reviews")

### What is Solana?

Solana (SOL) is a high throughput cryptocurrency based on the Proof of History
(PoH) and Proof of Stake (PoS) consensus. Built by a team of networking
engineers, Solana aims to become the blockchain infrastucture for modern
internet applications. Solana is a general purpose blockchain similar to
Ethereum. It has a different technical underlying such that developers write
applications using Rust instead of Solidity or Vyper. End user applications in
the Solana ecosystem includes decentralized finance (DeFi), non-fungible
tokens (NFT), marketplaces, games, e-commerce and more.

Solana’s native currency is SOL. Solana (SOL) is used to pay for transaction
fees and staking in order to support the network.

Solana was founded by 4 co-founders. Anatoly Yakovenko wrote and published a
whitepaper on the concept of Proof of History in November 2017. Proof of
History is a concept introduced to keep time between computers in a network in
sync which forms the basis of scaling the number of transactions. Solana is
able to process over 700,000 transactions per second.  
Greg Fitzgerald, whom used to be Anatoly’s colleague at Qualcomm participated
in the project by suggesting and writing the Proof of History codebase in the
Rust programming language.  
Stephen Akridge and Raj Gokal joined the project shortly later.

[Solana price charts](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/solana "Solana price
charts")

### Cryptocurrencies similar to Solana supported by our hardware wallet

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/01/LYX.png)
LUKSO ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/lukso-token-2) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Bitcoin-
Logo.webp) BRC20 ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/brc20) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/05/Secondary_Symbol.png) Injective
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/injective-protocol) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/ton_symbol.png) Toncoin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/the-open-network) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/bitcoin-cash-circle.png) Bitcoin
Cash ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin-cash) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/bnb-logo.webp) BNB
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binancecoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Ethereum-logo.png) Ethereum
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Bitcoin-Logo.webp) Bitcoin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Tron-Logo.png) TRON
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tron)

### Securely manage, buy, swap, and stake 5.500+ coins

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/05/kava.png)
Kava ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/kava) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/01/bonk.jpg) Bonk
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bonk) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/Group_10572.png) Reef
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/reef) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/05/immutableX-symbol-BLK-RGB.png)
ImmutableX ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/immutable-x) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Mark_Maker.png) Maker
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/maker) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/casper.png) Casper Network
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/casper-network) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/CEL_logo.png) Celsius Network
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/celsius-degree-token) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/peercoin-icon-
green-transparent_6x.png) Peercoin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/peercoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/iotex-logo.png) IoTeX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/iotex)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/crypto-
page/faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__How to secure Solana tokens?

When you first buy cryptocurrency, you’re issued with two keys: public and
private.

  * A public key serves as an address that can be shared with other parties to perform transactions.
  * A private key represents a randomly generated number that signs transactions and protects your assets from malicious attacks. If it gets compromised or lost, you won’t be able to access your cold wallet to spend, withdraw, or transfer your tokens.

To safeguard and keep track of your keys, you can use online or offline
wallets. Online wallets, also known as hot wallets, store private keys on
systems or devices that are connected to the internet. Hot wallets are easy
and convenient to use, however, they come with several drawbacks. Besides
being susceptible to attacks and a honeypot for hackers, with hot wallets, the
custody of private keys is often entrusted to a third party such as a crypto
exchange, which means you never have full control over your funds. The safer
choice are specialized hardware wallets that store private keys offline.
Stealing private keys from a hardware wallet would require physical access to
the wallet and corresponding PIN or the recovery phrase. What’s more, with
hardware wallet, you don’t need to rely on third party custodians.

__Can Ledger Nano wallet protect my Solana tokens?

Ledger Nano is the industry-leading hardware wallet. With more than five
million customers, Ledger Nano wallets have several layers of security that
protect private keys, and hence your assets:

  * Your private keys are stored on secure element chips.
  * A PIN code and a 24-word recovery phrase are required to access the wallet.
  * Ledger Nano crypto wallets have been built using highly durable materials for protection against physical damage.

With full isolation between private keys and your computer/mobile, Ledger Nano
cold wallets keep your keys secure and give you complete control over your
cryptocurrencies.

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-usd-coin-usdc)

[What Is USD Coin (USDC)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-usd-coin-
usdc)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-staking-how-to-stake-sol)

[Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol)

__Read

7 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-safest-way-to-use-phantom-with-ledger-
hardware-wallet)

[How To Use Phantom With a Ledger Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-
safest-way-to-use-phantom-with-ledger-hardware-wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

