Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 28

# Managing Risk in the Digital Asset Economy

  *  __ December 10, 2021
  *  __35 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (VP Strategic Alliances, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fmanaging-risk-in-the-digital-asset-economy-w-julian-sevillano%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fmanaging-risk-in-the-digital-asset-economy-w-julian-sevillano%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

### Live Metaco Talks with Julian Sevillano, Head of Digital Assets at
Promontory (an IBM Company)

For this episode we were joined by [Julian
Sevillano](https://www.linkedin.com/in/julian-sevillano-855210/), Managing
Director and Head of Digital Assets at
[Promontory](https://www.promontory.com/) (an IBM Company). Julian leads
Promontory’s client relations on the west coast – this includes developing
strategies and solutions for their Fintech practice. He has spent the last 20
years experience in international payments and banking and building an
impressive reputation as an advisor to early-stage companies and investment
firms.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:05:33]**  Best practice for risk and compliance programs

**[00:09:18]**  Communicating with regulators on risk tolerance

**[00:14:37]**  Challenges around educating regulators

**[00:18:15]**  Acceptance of digital assets a regulator’s perspective?

**[00:23:01]**  Balancing regulation and innovation in different countries

**[00:26:21]**  Frameworks for DeFi and DAOs



_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._



### Full transcript

[00:00:00] **Seamus:**  Welcome to METACO Talks, episode 28 and the last of
2021. It’s been a great year and we’ve talked to some amazing people in the
world of decentralized finance. Our discussion today on managing risk in the
digital asset economy, we’ll have an equally interesting discussion. We have a
guest who literally wrote the rulebook on risk compliance and best practice
for digital assets.

Julian Sevillano, who is the Managing Director of Promontory, is joining us.
Julian leads the Promontory’s FinTech and digital asset practice and advises
financial institutions, FinTech, digital asset firms, and regulatory agencies
on incrementing risk and compliance strategies. He’s got over 20 years in
international banking and payments experience. Prior to Promontory he held
various senior leadership positions in risk management, finance strategy, and
treasury visa, and has extensive experience with US and international
regulatory agencies. When it comes to regs, what he doesn’t know is probably
not worth knowing. Julian, it’s great to have your thanks for joining.

[00:01:06] **Julian:**  Thanks Seamus. Nice to see you again. It’s a pleasure.

[00:01:09] **Seamus:**  Likewise. One issue I think we’re going to have is,
there’s a lot to talk about. I think your experience is pretty unique, and
unfortunately have 30 minutes. Why don’t we kick it off? When we talk about
you writing legislation, I think that’s actually a fact, right? You were very
involved in crafting the Wyoming Legislation. You worked very closely with
some of the largest institutions in this market. It’d be great to hear a bit
about your background and what you’ve done in this space.

[00:01:33] **Julian:**  Sure. Thanks, Seamus. We’ve been very fortunate at
Promontory. I’ve been very fortunate to lead a really great team of people
that over the last couple of years, we’ve been head down thinking about
regulation and supervision in the context of banking for digital assets
activities. We’ve done some really amazing work and some great projects, and
we’ve got a lot ahead of us to.

As you alluded to, we wrote the supervisory guidance for the division of
banking in Wyoming. Those of us that are in the crypto space know that Wyoming
was the first state in the US to basically approve a crypto banking license.
Their speedy banks are allowed to custody, digital assets. They’re allowed to
facilitate trading, they’re allowed to facilitate staking, lending and all
other manner of activities, in addition to deposit taking. They’re not allowed
to lend actually, they’re 100% reserve banks.

The division of banking issued an RFP, which we were fortunate enough to win.
The nature of that RFP was to help them write supervisory guidance, so that
their bank examiners could go into these institutions and understand the
nature of the activities that they’re performing. In a traditional bank, an
examiner will go in, look at our bank’s loan portfolio, understand how they
are underwriting those activities and determine, they’re managing these in a
safe and sound. In this case, you’d have to go in there and say, “How are you
managing the private keys? How are you onboarding customers? What due
diligence are you doing on them? How are you monitoring transactions?” As we
all know, there’s very heightened AML risks, heightened information security
risks, heightened operational risks whenever you’re supporting digital assets
custody and other related activities.

We had to spend a lot of time. We wrote, I want to say, 750+ pages of very
prescriptive and detailed supervisory guidelines on how to comply with AML and
sanctions requirements in the context of digital assets custody, what are best
practices for managing keys, and what are the different models? As we all know
there’s many different models for managing keys. How to meet fiduciary
requirements, when you’re performing as a fiduciary on behalf of your
customer. Digital assets activities present heightened risk as it relates to
fiduciary responsibilities, more so than a traditional activity would, because
there’s more discretion that generally you apply. For example, when you’re
facilitating a trade of a digital asset on behalf of a customer, versus when
you’re facilitating a trade for a traditional office security.

That led us to working extensively with the large banks in the US and
internationally that are all lining up to issue to support digital assets
custody. But in the context of that, there’s a brand new activity, it’s a
great opportunity for them. But these are very large banks that have very
well-established risk and compliance programs, and they need to think about:
how do I manage these activities in a safe and sound manner? How do I build
risk and compliance programs that my regulators are going to be comfortable
with?

Outside of Wyoming there’s been a little bit of work that’s been done by the
OCC in the US, and we’ll talk about that in terms of the permissibility, but
there’s not a lot of supervisory guidance to tell banks how they meet or what
the safety and soundness standards are. That’s been a fascinating piece of
work for us.

The third piece of work that we’ve been doing is we’ve been working a lot with
the digital asset custodians in the US, the large institutional custodians,
helping them become basically banks. We’ve been working closely with Anchorage
since the beginning of the year, and we’ve got several other customers.
Anchorage is the first US chartered national trust bank, and the only one
operating right now. We have several others that we’re supporting at the state
and federal levels as well. It’s a fascinating amount of work. Really
interesting. I’m happy to talk more about our experiences and what we’re
seeing.

[00:05:33] **Seamus:**  It’s a fascinating position, because I think most
advisories are really about compliant with rules. But you’ve started with a
blank slate and helped them define what that should be. How do you come up
with what should be best practice? What are some of those when you’re looking
at risk and compliance programs?

[00:05:46] **Julian:**  If you think about it, what we did when we started
this work was we scoured the world for any and all supervisory guidance, any
and all industry white papers, any and all best practices. We tried to reach
out to the ecosystem of digital assets custodians, digital asset service
providers. We built pretty strong relationships with a lot of the market
surveillance companies with the transaction monitoring firms, which we still
have today. The idea was to understand, what are you doing today? A lot of
these digital asset custodians they are, and I’m speaking to you, you’re an
information security company in your DNA. This is what you do. You manage risk
in that way. How do we do that in the context of banking and in the context of
digital? That’s something that is a translation that needs to occur.

Then a layer on top of that, how do we think financial crimes compliance in
the context of digital assets? A lot of it was very iterative, and it was
working directly with the industry and working directly with the regulators.
Interestingly, people always think about risk appetite in the context of, in
the industry participants they decide what risk appetite they want to accept.
Regulators also decide what risk appetite they want to apply. They’ll either
going to hold a very high bar, or they’re going to set the bar somewhere in
the middle that hopefully will enable some form of innovation while also
managing risks and keeping the bad guys out as to the extent that you can.

When you think about that, we think about a few key areas of risk that we have
to think through. You have to think about the AML and sanctions compliance
piece. You have to think about custody operations. You have to think about
fiduciary compliance. You have to think about third-party risk management. The
crypto world is an ecosystem of service providers that plug and play into each
other. Not many of them are used to working with banks. The bar is so much
higher for vendors for banks, that you have to think about that as well, and
think about how you set that bar and think about the obligations that banks
should have for doing third-party risk management on their vendors.

You’ve got to think about information security, not only in the context of key
management, but in the context of the overall program as it is and how it fits
within the different regulatory standards for traditional information
security, understanding that there really isn’t a standard at a global level
for something like key management. There are lots of better best practices,
but there’s no regulatory prescription that tells you how you should do it.
That’s a few things.

The last thing I’ll point out is payment system risks. A lot of people have
been talking a lot about stable points lately. They talk about, how do we
think about regulation and how do we think about supervision? There are very
well-established payment system risk principles internationally by the CPSs,
financial market infrastructures, domestically in the US and in several other
countries as well. Those principles perfectly can be applied to stable coin
networks, in terms of how they’re managed, how they’re designed, the risks
that you control around them. As part of the work that we did in Wyoming, we
also wrote a payment system risk manual, specific to stable coins and specific
to e-money tokens. Really fascinating stuff.

[00:09:18] **Seamus:**  Very much so. I was ready to start, there’s too much
to dive into. Maybe to pick a couple of things. I’d like to follow up this
risk tolerance approach that you mentioned the regulators need to take on. I
think that’s super interesting and will inform us when we’re talking about
different gradations of that globally.

I’d be curious to know, when you’re engaging with the regulators, who leads
who? How do you connect and communicate with the regulators when there isn’t
any regulation on these issues on the best practice?

[00:09:50] **Julian:**  That’s a great question. Maybe I’ll use an example.
When we work with a client that is applying for some form of registration or
some form of a license, be it a national bank license or a state license or
crypto registry, there are certain requirements. The good news is that at
Promontory, we have a lot of experience helping even traditional firms achieve
banking licenses. When we got the opportunity to work with crypto firms, it
was really an extension of what we already have in our DNA. It’s very much a
collaborative process, where in the case of crypto or digital assets, you have
to over-communicate.

Typically, when you’re applying for some form of license, you create a
business plan. As part of that business plan, you tell the regulators, here’s
what I plan on doing for the next three years, these are the types of clients
that I’m going to have, this is the type of services that I’m going to
provide, this is the technology that I’m going to rely on, these are the risk
and compliance programs that I’m going to establish to support these
activities, this is the type of corporate governance that I’m going to have,
and these are the financials. This is how much capital I’m going to allocate
to this business, so that even if things go bad I’ve got enough capital to
support this business – at least over what they call Denovo period, which is
typically about three years.

Now, in a digital assets firm, you have to over-communicate. You can’t just
say, I’m going to support digital assets custody. Well, how are you going to
do that? What technology will you use? How is it structured? How does it meet
certain standards of fiduciary compliance? There’s a tremendous amount of
documentation that needs to go in into place.

What we do with our customers is, before we even start examinations or pre-
application examinations, we schedule several working sessions with the
regulators, which are between an hour and two hours for different subject
matter experts, to literally walk them through: this is how we do digital
assets custody, this is how we facilitate trading, this is how our customer
onboarding works, this is how our withdrawal processes work. Literally walking
them through, helping them understand in layman’s terms, how does a digital
asset custodian process a request to withdraw all Bitcoins, and how do you do
that? What are the humans doing, and who’s involved and what controls are in
place? Then what’s the technology doing? How does the technology work with
each other to make sure that if that withdrawal request comes in, that it’s
authenticated, it comes from the right person, we have confidence that it
does, and that then it’s processed within the bank in a way that isn’t going
to create any errors and also isn’t going to lead to any nefarious activity?
Those are the types of things that we have to walk them through.

If I shift over to the other area of huge focus where we spend a tremendous of
time with regulators, it’s financial crimes compliance. There, we have to
explain to them why is it that we’ve built for our clients a financial crimes
program that is bespoke and addresses the specific risks that these activities
present? As we know in the digital assets world, there’s nothing generic about
digital assets custody. Every model is different. Every application, every
installation is different. Every instance that every client wants a slightly
different bell and whistle, the client base is different. The customers are
different. The risks are different. The transactions are different. The
geographic footprint is different. Institutional versus retail, or both,
something in the middle. We have to explain to them and over explain to them,
how is it that we’ve done that? We typically start by building a risk
assessment so that a regulator can see and understand first the risks. then
how am I managing those risks, and how does that meet the safety and standards
or how do we expect that it should meet the safety and soundness standards of
what regulators are?

It’s very much an iterative process. You never want to be teaching a
regulator. That’s not something that you want to do or that they appreciate.
But you definitely have to help them with education on this new technology and
how it applies in the traditional bank world.

[00:14:37] **Seamus:**  Sounds like a fine balance. Don’t teach but educate.

Were there any specific challenges? Getting a banking charter, as you
mentioned, you’ve done it for Anchorage and you’re working with others. Any
specific challenges around going through that process, beyond what you’ve just
described in terms of the over-educating?

[00:14:59] **Julian:**  A tremendous amount of challenges. I’ll say that my
friends at Anchorage are true pioneers. They’re wonderful people to work with.
I think they very early on understood the benefits of aspiring to the highest
level of supervision, in the US at least. They understood that if they want to
work with large institutions, that’s something that you want to aspire to. For
them, it’s been a massive investment in time and effort. There’s been a lot of
challenges. I think that the challenges have been in, again, going back to
work with the regulators in a collaborative way. I will say that, in this case
the OCC, which was the entity that has the office of the currency of the
controller in the US, it’s granted them the license, they have a tremendous
group of career examiners. They’re tremendous professionals. They took a very
keen interest early on. They worked really hard to quickly get up to speed and
learn the technology.

There were some challenges. One example was, and I was talking about
withdrawals in the context of fiduciary compliance. In the US, for example,
you have rules which require you to have two human beings to approve a
withdrawal. In some cases, that doesn’t fit within the context of how digital
assets custody works, because you have very strong logical controls. We had to
work with those regulators, to help them understand how logical controls in
some ways can be stronger than human controls, because they’re hard-coded and
because it’s not just two humans. It’s probably a quorum of at least five
humans on the backend that controls the logic that goes into those controls.
That was one example.

A couple of other examples are helping them understand how it is that in some
cases you have more information and can do a lot more due diligence, when
you’re doing a KYC and enhanced due diligence for digital assets custody, when
you’re actually monitoring transactions. The blockchain gives you a lot more
information, depending on the asset that you’re looking at, than other
traditional assets. You can gather more information. There was a little bit of
that.

The other thing to understand is, whenever we’re doing one of these bank
licensing engagements – it’s not just specific to digital assets – you have to
reach a balance with the regulator to determine what is the appropriate level
of staffing of size of capital to support the activities of this specific
institution? Everybody wants more capital. Everybody wants more resources in
order to support that, but you really need to come up to the equilibrium.
What’s the right level? What’s something that is always a dialogue with a
regulator, and it’s always a conversation.

We had to build a lot in a very short period of time, but I think overall
we’re very satisfied with the work that we did there. We were very privileged
to get the opportunity to work with them and with the regulators on some very
groundbreaking stuff. That hopefully sets the standard for those to come.

[00:18:15] **Seamus:**  Imagine you’re in the forefront of all this change.
One more question for that US experience, Brian Brooks was running the OCC for
a while and had a huge, I wouldn’t say bias, but it was very open to embracing
this industry. We see that now with his congressional testimony yesterday,
which is strongest components of the industry on an ongoing basis. To what
degree is some of the regulations in the US or regulators, a bit personality
driven? Or, how far into the fabric has acceptance of digital assets now
reached from a regulator’s perspective?

[00:18:54] **Julian:**  I do think it’s a little bit personality driven. I
think unfortunately, it’s become slightly political right now. As with
unfortunately everything in the US and maybe different parts of the world
also, the different parties tend to pick sides. Because one party picked one
side, the other one just automatically picks the other side. That’s not
necessarily correct or true. I’ve been a little disappointed with the recent
stance that the OCC has had in particular, on fostering and facilitating
innovation. Chairman Suz made some comments that digital assets firms, if they
want to become banks, they now have to also apply to become a bank holding
company and also apply for FTSE insurance.

Frankly, there’s no legal basis for that in any law. It’s not something that
you can actually just say, do it. You have to change laws in Congress to do
that, if you’d like. To me, it’s a tactic to discourage digital asset firms
from becoming banks. I don’t believe that he’s speaking unilaterally. They’ve
had this sprint with all the federal agencies in the US, and they’ve come up
with certain position points. I think that he’s speaking on behalf of more
broadly the federal bank regulators specifically. I think that is unfortunate,
because it slows down innovation.

What it will do defacto, is it says digital asset firms are technology service
providers, and are not going to be regulated entities anymore. The banks are
going to be the regulated entities that perform that activity, and will
contract with the digital asset firms. For some firms, that’s their business
plan. That’s what they want to do. That’s great. But for some other firms, I
think it inhibits competition. That’s not something that anybody wants. But
it’s unfortunate that that is the net result of what’s happening. I don’t
really think that we’ll see any more approvals at the federal level for
digital asset firms anytime soon, because meeting bank holding company
requirements is an impossible standard for digital asset firms. Impossible
first of all, because it’s not legal. Even if they wanted to apply, they
wouldn’t be able to.

To me, it’s disappointing. I didn’t get a chance to see Brian’s commentary
yesterday, but I can only imagine. I know how disappointed he is.
Unfortunately, I think that many people, not just in the digital assets
industry, but also in supervision and regulation, are disappointed as well.
But hopefully those stances changed. I think that what happens, maybe use
another example of federal guidance, the President’s Working Group Guidance On
Stable Coins that came out a few weeks ago, I would give that a C minus in
terms of a grade. I don’t think it was done well. I thought it was done a bit
hastily. It wasn’t as comprehensive as it should be. It conflated a little bit
of the technology in terms how you build stable coin networks. As I mentioned
before, there’s pretty well established risk guidance on payment systems, and
it’s not that difficult to apply that to stable point networks.

A better approach might have been to consult the agencies that have written
supervisory guidance on stable coin networks. If you look at the sources, who
they spoke to, they didn’t speak to New York State. New York state is
supervising several very large stable point networks right now. They didn’t
speak to Wyoming. Wyoming has written a book on stable coin regulation.
Disappointing from the federal agencies, hopefully that changes. There are
several senators, including Senator Lummis from Wyoming, who is very outspoken
in terms of being an advocate for the industry, for digital assets. She and
Senator Sinema have been very vocal; they’ve set up the financial innovation
caucus of the US Senate Banking Committee. The idea is to educate their fellow
lawmakers on the benefits of blockchain and on the benefits of responsible
innovation and responsible regulation. Hopefully those efforts bear fruit and
move forward. But I’ve just been disappointed over the last couple of months,
and I know many people in the industry have, unfortunately.

[00:23:01] **Seamus:**  I’ve been of the same opinion. I was, let’s say
positively impressed yesterday with some of the congressional discussions,
because for once it seemed to be a non-partisan issue. Both sides were coming
out much more supportive of potentially things like stable coins. They could
potentially become a proponent for the continued strength of US dollar
dominance, the US dollar as opposed to a something that’s usurping it. I think
there’s some positive signs there anyway, on what looked like a dark horizon.

But maybe to step back for a second, talk about that risk-based approach
regulator are taking potentially other jurisdictions. We did see last week, I
think even Australia; the treasury speech talked about coming legislation
around payments related to cryptocurrency. They’re very much embracing that,
as what you’ve described. We’ve seen other jurisdictions where we operate
places like Singapore, Switzerland, Germany, all allowing innovation to move
ahead. We’ve seen the banks embrace that and moving ahead quite aggressively
with initiatives.

How would you look at the different countries in terms of the risk-based
approach to balancing this regulation and innovation?

[00:24:05] **Julian:**  Switzerland has clearly been a leader for several
years now. They’ve fostered innovation in the industry. They’ve built clear
rules, and they’ve got bank charters. They’ve chartered a couple of banks
already. Certainty is really what they’re looking for, regulatory certainty.
Hopefully some reasonable rules as well, but in the end just give us any
rules. Give us the rules and let’s figure out how to do this. We don’t want to
have the rug pulled out from under us after we’ve invested in building a
business, then all of a sudden you change the rules at the 11th hour and I
can’t launch my business anymore, or I can’t support my business anymore.

Really clear rules. I think the Finma and MAS in Singapore, as you mentioned,
they’ve got clear registration requirements, they have clear information
requests, they have clear permissibility standards. Some of them are a little
bit more restrictive than others. People would argue MAS are a little bit more
risk averse, and Switzerland will allow a little bit more. All that is the
dynamic in any and every day. If I think about, what are some of the areas
contribute to the risk appetite of these activities of digital assets custody
solutions, in some ways it is the design and the controls, because that’s the
foundation. But the other piece is, what assets do you support, and which ones
don’t you support? There’s thousands and thousands of tokens out there, and
those tokens have very different attributes in terms of whether they lend
themselves to the appropriate level of financial crimes compliance, what the
governance structures are, whether they should be considered a security or
not, are they a fraud or not a fraud?

In supporting custody or trading or lending of those activities, you are
scaling up or scaling down your risk appetite. That’s an area that I think
regulators are beginning to understand. One of the things that the federal
regulators asked us about very early on is, how do you make a decision on
which token you’re going to support and which ones you’re not going to
support? That I think will be a really interesting evolving process.

[00:26:21] **Seamus:**  Clearly, that’s still a challenge. How do you think
firms are going to look at going one step beyond that and looking at DeFi, or
even as far as DAOs? Is there a framework they can start thinking about it
that could get them involved?

[00:26:33] **Julian:**  I think it’s very interesting. DeFi is very
interesting, because going back to coin due diligence, it’s a token. You have
to dissect the different parts of that token. How is it established? What is
the underlying activity? What is the governance behind it? Does that give you
a certain level of comfort that these activities can be performed in some way?

I think that the idea that DeFi or DAOs are somehow going to live outside of
the regulatory, as long as they’re performing activities that are otherwise
supervised or regulated, that’s not going to happen in any level of scale. If
you’re facilitating trading, eventually you will have to apply to be a broker
dealer or to have some other form of registration, because you’re performing
those activities. There’s certain level of consumer protections that need to
be in place in that sense as well.

In terms of DAOs, the Wyoming law is a really interesting one. It allows DAOs
to become LLCs. I think the constitution that got it on everybody’s front
page, is how people raised $40 million in six days and came within a dollar of
probably the execution with best. It’s an illustration of the power of that
technology. I think what’s interesting about where they’re looking at is,
where were the faults that may have been in the governance? That’s the
centralized part of the DAO that I think you’re never going to lose if you’re
operating in a regulated space, because there needs to be a throat to choke.
There needs to be someone to keep accountable for maintaining these standards.
There has to be some basic level of centralization within the DAO, even if
most of the activities are performed in a decentralized way.

[00:28:21] **Seamus:**  Absolutely, we’ve had the same discussions here. Do
you see other states or other jurisdictions embracing similar regulations
around DAOs that Wyoming has?

[00:28:29] **Julian:**  I hope so. I hope that we see something like that at
the federal level soon.

[00:28:36] **Seamus:**  That would be exciting. As I expected, we’re out of
time. We will have to have your back and dive in a lot of these subjects more
deeply, because I think we’ve only scratched the surface. But Julian, it’s
been a real pleasure having you here. Thanks for your time. Anything else
you’d like to wrap up with before we finish?

[00:28:50] **Julian:**  No. Thank you very much for your time, Seamus. It was
a pleasure as always, and I look forward to talking again soon.

[00:28:57] **Seamus:**  Thanks Julian. Unfortunately, this was the last
episode of 2021. The good news is we’ll be back in 2022. On behalf of everyone
at METACO, thank you for joining us. Thanks for your support this year, and
all the best for the holidays. Thank you. Bye.

[00:29:14] **Julian:**  Thank you. Bye.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Managing Risk in the Digital Asset Economy w/ Julian SEVILLANO [METACO TALKS
#28]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbOH-1B2ipU)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbOH-1B2ipU&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 31:04•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbOH-1B2ipU "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zbOH-1B2ipU), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

