[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking/%D8%AA%D9%83%D8%AF%D9%8A%D8%B3-solana)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/staking/%E7%B4%A2%E6%8B%89%E7%BA%B3-solana-%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/staking/staking-de-solana)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/staking/solana-staken)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/staking/%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%B3-solana)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/staking/participar-con-solana)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/staking/solana%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/staking/%EC%86%94%EB%9D%BC%EB%82%98-%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%ED%82%B9)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/staking/solana-staking)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

##  STAKING SOLANA THROUGH LEDGER

Staking your Solana (SOL) allows you to passively earn rewards for helping to
secure the network.  
  
Through Ledger Live, you can easily and securely delegate the Solana you want
to stake to a **Ledger by Figment** validator node.  
  
You’ll get competitive rewards, a trustworthy validator, and you keep
ownership of your coins.

[ Stake your Solana now ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/staking_sol "Stake your
Solana now")

![STAKING SOLANA THROUGH LEDGER](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/05/Tezos_LNX-4.png)

##  WHY YOU SHOULD STAKE YOUR SOLANA

Fast and low cost: these are the promises of the Solana blockchain, built to
enable scalable, user-friendly apps for the world at low fees. Thousands of
projects spanning DeFi, NFTs, Web3 and more are already running on it.

__Maximise your Solana tokens

Don't let your SOL gather dust. Put them to work and make them grow with
Ledger.

__Secure the Solana network

When you stake SOL, you make the Solana blockchain successful by securing the
network and validating transactions.

##  STAKING SOLANA IS BETTER WITH A LEDGER BY FIGMENT VALIDATOR

__

###  Security and ownership

Keep **full custody** of your assets when you stake with Ledger, unlike with
crypto exchanges. So you’re in total control.

__

###  Competitive rewards*

Earn rewards of up to 5% when choosing a **Ledger by Figment validator** ,
thanks to our low commission fees.  
* Rewards are not guaranteed 

__

###  Trusted service

Our tech is cutting edge, so you can rest assured that you’re delegating your
coins to a **trusted validator**.

[ Start with Ledger Live ](https://www.ledger.com/start "Start with Ledger
Live")

![Solana Staking Rewards](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/rewards.png)

##  Solana Staking Rewards

You can passively grow your assets with Ledger by participating in the Solana
network. By delegating your Solana to a validator such as Ledger by Figment,
you will receive rewards for helping to secure the network.  
  
The current annual yield on Solana is around 5%, minus the validators’
commission rate. This rate is gradually decreasing by 15% per year, until
reaching a floor of 1.5%.  
  
You can stop delegating your Solana at any time but you will need to wait 3
days to unlock your assets.

  
  
[ Estimate Solana staking rewards
](https://www.stakingrewards.com/earn/solana/calculate "Estimate Solana
staking rewards")

##  HOW DOES LEDGER'S SOLUTION WORK?

[ Get your device ](https://shop.ledger.com "Get your device")

### A hardware wallet

that offers the best security for your crypto and NFTs - your assets always
remain safe.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/how-works.png)

### An app

to manage your crypto and access key services: buy, swap or grow your assets.
Securely thanks to your hardware wallet.

[ Get your device ](https://shop.ledger.com "Get your device")

##  5 STEPS TO START SECURELY STAKING SOLANA

01

##  Buy a Ledger hardware wallet

Ledger hardware wallets are the smartest way to securely store your assets.

[ Buy your device ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Buy your device")

02

##  Download Ledger Live

It’s your gateway to securely and easily buy, manage, stake, and grow your
assets. All in one app.

[ Download Ledger Live ](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger
Live")

03

##  Set up your device

Follow the setup steps, and create a Solana account.

[ Get started with Ledger ](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4404389503889-Getting-started-with-Ledger-Live?docs=true "Get
started with Ledger")

04

##  Buy crypto or transfer funds

Use Ledger Live to directly buy Solana with our partners, or transfer your
Solana from an exchange to your hardware wallet.

[ Buy crypto ](https://www.ledger.com/buy "Buy crypto") [ Receive crypto
](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404389453841-Receive-crypto-
assets?docs=true "Receive crypto")

05

##  Start staking

Click the **Earn rewards** button on your Solana account and choose the Ledger
by Figment validator in the list. Select the amount and confirm.

[ Stake Solana now ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/staking_sol "Stake Solana
now")

LEDGER LIVE

##  Other crypto to stake with Ledger

[ ![Hedera Logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/hbar.png) Hedera  HBAR
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/hedera-hashgraph) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/12/picto-tezos-1.svg) Tezos  XTZ
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) [ ![Internet Computer
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Internet_Computer_logo.png) Internet
Computer  ICP  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/internet-computer) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/OSMO.png)
Osmosis*  OSMO  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-osmosis) [ ![Cardano
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector.svg)
CARDANO  ADA  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/cardano) [ ![AVAX
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/AVAX.svg)
Avalanche  AVAX  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/avalanche-2) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/ethereum.svg)
Ethereum  ETH  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-ethereum) [ ![Oasis Network
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/rose.png)
Oasis Network  ROSE  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/oasis-network) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/08/algorand.svg)
Algorand  ALGO  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-algorand) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/tron.svg) Tron
TRX  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tron) [ ![EOS logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector-Stroke.svg) EOS  EOS
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/eos) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/10/Polkadot.svg) Polkadot  DOT
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot) [ ![Casper Network
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/casper.png)
Casper Network  CSPR  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/casper-network) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/01/Near.svg)
NEAR*  NEAR  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-near) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/elrond3_360-1.png) EGLD*  EGLD
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-egld) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/cosmos.svg) ATOM*  ATOM
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos) [ ![Stacks
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Stacks_logo_full.png) Stacks  STX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/blockstack) [ ![Axelar
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/V-65_xQ1_400x400.jpeg) Axelar  AXL
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/axelar) [ ![NEO logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/NEO_512_512.png) NEO  NEO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/neo) [ ![Kusama logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/05/Kusama.svg) Kusama  KSM
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/kusama) [ ![Mina Protocol
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/JM4_vQ34_400x400.png) Mina Protocol
MINA  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/mina-protocol) [ ![CRO
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector-1.svg) Cronos  CRO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/crypto-com-chain)

[ See all coins supported ](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "
See all coins

                    supported")

*Ledger validator node available 

##  Want to learn more about staking?

We answer all the basic questions you might have in our Ledger academy: What
is staking? What’s the difference between Proof-of-Stake and Proof-of-Work?
What is a validator?  
  
You can also take a look at our School of Block series on Youtube to learn how
to get started in staking and make your money work for you.

[ Visit our Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy " Visit our Ledger
Academy")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/what-is-staking.png)

What is staking

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-
it/stake-your-crypto " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/school-of-blocks.png)

School Of Block

[ See our episode about staking ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-of-
block/episode-15-decentralized-finance-crypto-passive-income " See our episode
about staking")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/proof-of-stake.png)

What is proof of stake

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-
of-stake " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/staking-faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__How long are my Solana locked?

It usually takes **up to 3 days** to unlock the Solana you stake, depending on
the Solana protocol. Learn more on [the Solana
website](https://docs.solana.com/cluster/stake-delegation-and-rewards#stake-
warmup-cooldown-withdrawal).

__Do I still have control over my SOL when I delegate them to a validator?

You have **full ownership** of your Solana when you stake through Ledger,
unlike with crypto exchanges.

__Why should I choose a Ledger validator node when staking through Ledger
Live?

When staking with Ledger, you’re delegating your coin to a trusted validator
that offers you **great rewards** and **the best possible security**. So
there’s no need to spend time doing your own research to find a validator.

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking/%D8%AA%D9%83%D8%AF%D9%8A%D8%B3-solana)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/staking/%E7%B4%A2%E6%8B%89%E7%BA%B3-solana-%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/staking/staking-de-solana)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/staking/solana-staken)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/staking/%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%BA%D0%B8%D0%BD%D0%B3-solana)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/staking/participar-con-solana)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/staking/solana%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/staking/%EC%86%94%EB%9D%BC%EB%82%98-%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%ED%82%B9)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/staking/solana-staking)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

