[](/hc/en-us)

[](/hc/en-us)

English (US)

[Contact Us](/hc/en-us/forms)

[](/hc/en-us)

[](/hc/en-us)

English (US)

[Contact Us](/hc/en-us/forms)

Contact us

Chat[Message us](/hc/en-us/forms)[Phone](/hc/en-us/articles/115013099227-How-
to-contact-Kraken-Phone-Support)

An app for everyone

[KrakenEasily buy, sell and convert crypto](/hc/en-
us/sections/360012780831)[Kraken ProA professional trading experience on the
go](/hc/en-us/sections/360012663012-Kraken-Pro-App-)[Kraken WalletSecurely
store and manage your crypto and NFTs](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-
us/categories/Kraken-Wallet)

English (US)

# Hi, how can we help?

Search

Search

Featured articles

AllFundingGetting StartedAccount Security & Verification

#### [Getting StartedHow to get verified on Kraken We're currently facing
delays in processing new accounts. Please avoid submitting multiple
verification requests.  This article is for clients using the Kraken interface
(kraken.com).  For Kraken Pro users check out this article. After your account
is created, verifying your account will allow funds to be deposited and trades
to be made.  To verify your account: Sign in to your Kraken account. Click on
the Verify identity button on the home page. Enter your details on the Verify
your identity form and click Continue. Note: the field headers on the form may
differ slightly depending on your location.  On the next page, enter your
occupation and other details. Click Continue. Next choose your identity
document type and either upload the document or capture it on the webcam. If
you don't have the document at-hand, you can pause the identification
verification at any point and resume by following the same steps as above.
Once the document is uploaded, click Continue to return back to the home page
of your account. You’ll be notified once the verification is complete. Each
level enables more funding options and higher limits, with Pro being the
highest available. Note: Due to international and local financial regulations,
there are a few geographic restrictions.  Related articles: How to get
verified on Kraken Pro? Where can I find my transaction limits? The
transaction limits can be located by signing into your account, clicking on
the profile menu in the upper right and then selecting Settings. Scroll down
to the limits section. If you would like higher limits, click on the get
verified link. Where can I find my verification level?  You can find your
verification level from the Settings page on Kraken. To access the settings
page, click on the Profile icon on the top right of the page and select
Settings. Scroll down to the limits section to view your current verification
level and applicable limits. Related questions: How long does it take to get
verified? What are the verification level requirements? How do I verify my
account on the Kraken app? 1 min read](/hc/en-us/articles/360021973671-How-to-
get-verified-on-Kraken)

#### [Getting StartedWhich Kraken platform is best for me?Welcome to Kraken!
Before you get started you may be wondering which platform is most suited to
your needs. We have three platforms in which you can buy, sell and trade
crypto. You will also have full access to our NFT marketplace. If you’re
looking to use Kraken on the go, we also have a set of mobile apps to suit
your needs. Kraken A beginner friendly experience to easily buy, sell and
explore crypto. Features With the Kraken interface you can: Buy, sell and
convert cryptocurrencies instantly via a simple interface. Explore 210+
assets: discover and learn about hundreds of cryptocurrencies. Track your
portfolio. Purchase crypto using cards and cash. Send your local currency to
Kraken with a suitable funding method for you. Security settings to help keep
your accounts secure. Our Kraken app, simply named "Kraken", offers a vibrant
design and features not available on the Kraken Pro app. It is beginner
friendly and meant for easily buying and selling crypto. How do I access and
sign in? To access the Kraken interface, simply navigate to
https://www.kraken.com and sign in using your Kraken username and password.
Kraken Pro A professional trading experience that enables you to place orders
and earn rewards on your crypto.  Features With the Kraken Pro interface you
can: Funding: deposit and withdraw crypto and cash, as well as stake and
unstake assets. Security: use additional security features catering to the
professional traders such as Global Security Lock and API settings. Trading:
have access to full featured Order Form system Order Types: a full suite of
trading types, including Market Limit, Take profit and many more. Kraken Pro
App: our advanced trading app named “Kraken Pro” offers the same powerful
interface from the convenience of your mobile device. How do I access and sign
in? To access the Kraken Pro interface, simply navigate to
https://pro.kraken.com and sign in using your Kraken username and password.
Learn more about how to use and navigate the Kraken Pro interface from our
Kraken Pro section.  Kraken Classic Kraken Classic is our original legacy
platform. Here you can buy, sell, trade and stake your crypto.  How do I
access and sign in? To access the Kraken Classic interface, simply navigate to
https://www.kraken.com and sign in using your Kraken username and password.
This may bring you to the new Kraken page - use the App Switcher as described
below to navigate to Kraken Classic. For help navigating the Kraken Classic
platform, visit our dedicated Kraken Classic section.  App Switcher You can
seamlessly switch between all interfaces on desktop via the App switcher. You
will find the App switcher in the right hand corner of your screen on each
platform. To switch platforms: Click on the App switcher, here you will find
all of our available interfaces. Select the interface you would like to use
and you will be instantly taken there. Below you can find examples of the App
switcher on each platform: Kraken Kraken Pro NFT Marketplace Kraken Classic
Frequently asked questions Will I be able to access all products on the new
Kraken interface? The new Kraken interface offers features commonly used by
our clients. Advanced features can be accessed on the Kraken Pro interface.
You can currently access Kraken, Kraken Pro, NFT Marketplace, and Kraken
Classic. Please note, new users of Kraken won't be able to access Kraken
Classic via the app switcher. Will Kraken charge the same fee for using the
new Kraken interface? All of our interfaces continue to be free to use, with
no changes to our fee structure. I can't find a certain feature on the Kraken
interface. What should I do? You can access advanced features by navigating to
Kraken Pro by expanding the app switcher and clicking on Kraken Pro option,
Kraken clients can also access Kraken NFT Marketplace.  3 min read](/hc/en-
us/articles/14984895395092-Which-Kraken-platform-is-best-for-me-)

#### [FundingHow do I deposit my local currency to Kraken? This article is for
clients using the Kraken interface (kraken.com).  If you are using Kraken Pro
(pro.kraken.com) to deposit click here. Prevent deposit delays If required and
shown in the deposit instructions, make sure your deposit includes a reference
to your Kraken Public account ID which starts with AA and is 16 characters
long. Video guides:  How to Deposit USD How to Deposit EUR How to Deposit CAD
How to Deposit GBP How to Deposit AUD Deposit instructions:  Sign in to your
Kraken account and click Deposit. If you do not yet have a Kraken account you
can create one here. You can also navigate to the Deposit page by clicking on
the Transfer tab on the left hand side of the page. Search for the currency
you wish to deposit and click on it, in this example we will be using US
Dollar (USD).  Enter the amount you wish to deposit and select your preferred
Funding Provider from the drop-down menu. If you are only shown one option,
you can skip this step and continue.  For more information, read about our
different funding options.  Review the Additional information section and more
about deposits to ensure you are depositing correctly.  Various banks have
different requirements, so please contact your bank directly for specific
instructions on how to complete the deposit. To help your deposit go smoothly,
use our deposit checklist before sending any funds. Navigate to your online
bank to deposit from your account to Kraken. To prevent errors, we suggest
copying our bank account details directly to your bank or financial
institution. Review our cash deposit options (fees, minimums and processing
times) to check processing times for your payment. Related articles: How do I
deposit my local currency to Kraken on Kraken Pro?  How do I deposit my local
currency to Kraken on Kraken Classic?  If you are using the Kraken app follow
the instructions found in this article. To fund your account with the Kraken
Pro app follow the steps found in this article.  1 min read](/hc/en-
us/articles/360049073651-How-do-I-deposit-my-local-currency-to-Kraken-)

#### [FundingHow to deposit cryptocurrencies to your Kraken accountThis
article is for clients using the Kraken interface (kraken.com). Which Kraken
interface am I on? Before being able to deposit any digital assets or
cryptocurrencies, your account must first be verified to the Intermediate
level or higher. How to deposit Bitcoin: Deposit instructions: Sign in to your
Kraken account and click on the Deposit button on the home page.  You can also
navigate to the Deposit page by clicking on the Transfer tab on the left hand
side of the page. Search for the crypto you wish to deposit and click on it.
If it is your first time depositing, then you will have to generate a new
deposit address. Click the Generate deposit address button.  Carefully read
the deposit requirements and warnings provided on each individual currencies
deposit page. Some cryptocurrencies can be sent via multiple different
networks. Make sure you are using a network and cryptocurrency we support so
that funds are not lost. Click the copy icon, and paste the address (and if
applicable, other details*) into the platform or wallet from which the funds
will be sent. Do not type the address by hand. *For certain cryptocurrencies,
you will need to include more details than just the address: Ripple (XRP)
deposits need a ‘destination tag’ Lumens (XLM) deposits need a 'memo' if you
do not use a muxed address  Stacks (STX) deposits need a 'memo' EOS deposits
need a 'memo' Alternatively, you can also use the provided ‘QR code’.
IMPORTANT: If you use the QR code for STX, XRP and XLM ensure the tag/memo is
included. For EOS, the memo will need to be manually typed in. Once you have
initiated a valid transaction from your wallet, the deposit will be credited
to your account when the minimum number of required confirmations has been
reached. Note: If you didn't include the correct tag or memo, please submit a
support request. The only way for a deposit address to be removed is for it to
expire. Valid transactions sent to an expired deposit address can still be
credited minus a fee. Tokens sent from ICOs to a deposit address on Kraken are
not recoverable. Related articles: How to deposit cryptocurrencies to your
Kraken account on Kraken Pro  How to deposit cryptocurrencies to your Kraken
account on Kraken Classic  Sending cryptocurrencies from other exchanges Below
are links to support articles (not created by Kraken) from a variety of
exchanges that our clients have found helpful when sending funds to Kraken:
Support articles Binance BitBay bitFlyer Bithumb Bitmex Bitstamp CEX.IO
Coinbase Crypto.com Gate.io Gemini HITBTC Huobi Liquid Luno OKX Poloniex 2 min
read](/hc/en-us/articles/360000672643-How-to-deposit-cryptocurrencies-to-your-
Kraken-account)

#### [FundingCash deposit options (fees, minimums and processing times)
Withdrawal hold Certain deposits, such as first time ACH purchases, Paypal,
debit or credit card purchases or digital wallet purchases will trigger a
temporary (72 hour) withdrawal hold on the account, for security purposes.
Cash deposits via ACH Plaid are held from withdrawal for 7 days.  For enhanced
security, debit and credit card purchases using USD may experience the 72 hour
lock discussed above on all purchases, not just your first purchase. How can I
deposit funds into my Kraken account?  Before you can buy or trade
cryptocurrencies on Kraken, you'll need to deposit funds into your Kraken
account using one of the below supported currencies. Select the local currency
you would like to use to view specific deposit options. The most common method
is via a bank transfer, from your bank account to Kraken, using a unique
reference number. Want to buy instantly? If you have verified your account to
Express (USA only), Intermediate or Pro level, depending on your country of
residence, you may be able to use one of the below payment methods: Visa and
Mastercard debit/credit card Digital wallet purchases ACH online banking
Deposit funds now Prevent deposit delays If required and shown in the deposit
instructions, make sure your deposit includes a reference to your Kraken
Public account ID which starts with AA and is 16 characters long. Supported
currencies USD (US Dollar) Availability Deposit method Deposit minimum Deposit
fee Processing time Withdrawal Hold USA only ACH (Plaid)* 1 USD free Near-
instant 7 days USA only** FedWire (MVB Bank) 1 USD free 0-1 business days None
USA only** FedWire (Customers Bank) 100 USD free 0-1 business days None USA
only FedWire (Etana Custody) 150 USD free 2-5 business days or instant None
Worldwide** CBIT™ (Customers Bank Instant Token) N/A free Near-instant None
Worldwide** SWIFT (Customers Bank) 100 USD Free 1-3 business days None
Worldwide** SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 USD free 2-5 business days or instant
None Worldwide** SWIFT (Bank Frick) 4 USD 3 USD 1-5 business days None *ACH
deposits via Plaid are available instantly for trading, but will be subject to
a seven day withdrawal hold. **Availability for this funding provider may be
limited to specific regions, please select the purple text under the 'Deposit
Method' column to view the support article for the provider and find out more
details. You can also review our geographic restrictions to determine if you
are able to use a Kraken account. EUR (Euro) Which deposit option is the best
for me? If your bank account is within the Single European Payment Area
(SEPA), you may choose any of our SEPA deposit methods. For worldwide* EUR
deposits, please choose one of our SWIFT deposit methods based on your
preference around deposit minimums and fees. Availability Deposit method
Deposit minimum Deposit fee Processing time Withdrawal hold SEPA** SEPA / SEPA
Instant(ClearJunction) 1 EUR free 0-3 business days or instant None SEPA
SEPA/SEPA Instant (Plaid) 1 EUR free 0-3 business days or instant None SEPA
SEPA (Bank Frick) 1 EUR free 0-3 business days None SEPA** SEPA/SEPA Instant
(Banking Circle) 1 EUR free 0-3 business days or instant None EEA PayPal 1 EUR
free* Near-instant 72 hours Worldwide** SWIFT (Bank Frick) 4 EUR 3 EUR 1-5
business days None Worldwide** SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 EUR free 2-5 business
days or instant None *PayPal fees will vary dependant on your region and are
displayed on the final confirmation page. **Availability for this funding
provider may be limited to specific regions, please select the purple text
under the ‘Deposit Method’ column to view the support article for the provider
and find out more details. You can also review our geographic restrictions to
determine if you are able to use a Kraken account. CAD (Canadian Dollar)
Availability Deposit method Deposit minimum Deposit fee Processing time
Withdrawal hold Canada only Domestic wire transfer (Credit Union Atlantic) 100
CAD free** 1-5 business days None Canada only In-person cash or debit (Canada
Post) 20 CAD 1.25 CAD + 0.25% 30-60 min None Canada only Interac e-Transfer 5
CAD 0.5% 0-1 business days or instant None Worldwide* Business Pro Wire
transfer (InterFIN) 1,000 CAD free 0-10 min None Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick)
4 CAD 3 CAD 1-5 business days None Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 CAD
free 2-5 business days or instant None *Availability for this funding provider
may be limited to specific regions, please select the purple text under the
‘Deposit Method’ column to view the support article for the provider and find
out more details. You can also review our geographic restrictions to determine
if you are able to use a Kraken account. **$13.74  fee charged by the
intermediary bank. AUD (Australian Dollar) Availability Deposit method Deposit
minimum Deposit fee Processing time Withdrawal hold Australia only Bank
Transfer / Osko 5 AUD free 0-2 business days. Near instant for Osko
transactions. None Australia only Real Time Gross Settlement (RTGS) 100 AUD 33
AUD 0-1 business days None Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 AUD free 2-5
business days or instant None *Availability for this funding provider may be
limited to specific regions, please select the purple text under the ‘Deposit
Method’ column to view the support article for the provider and find out more
details. You can also review our geographic restrictions to determine if you
are able to use a Kraken account. GBP (Pound Sterling) Availability Deposit
method Deposit minimum Deposit fee Processing time Withdrawal hold UK and
Gibraltar FPS/BACS (ClearJunction) 1 GBP free 0-3 business days or instant
None UK and Gibraltar CHAPS (ClearJunction) 22 GBP 21 GBP Same day None UK and
Gibraltar FPS/BACS (Plaid) 1 GBP free 0-3 business days or instant None UK
only FPS (Banking Circle) 2 GBP free 0-1 business days None UK only PayPal 1
GBP free* Near-instant 72 hours Worldwide** SWIFT (Bank Frick) 4 GBP 3 GBP 1-5
business days None Worldwide** SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 GBP free 2-5 business
days or instant None *PayPal fees will vary dependant on your region and are
displayed on the final confirmation page. **Availability for this funding
provider may be limited to specific regions, please select the purple text
under the ‘Deposit Method’ column to view the support article for the provider
and find out more details. You can also review our geographic restrictions to
determine if you are able to use a Kraken account. CHF (Swiss Franc)
Availability Deposit method Deposit minimum Deposit fee Processing time
Withdrawal hold Liechtenstein & Switzerland only SIC (Bank Frick) 1 CHF free
Same day None Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick) 1 CHF 0.75 CHF 1-5 business days
None Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 CHF free 2-5 business days or
instant None *Availability for this funding provider may be limited to
specific regions, please select the purple text under the ‘Deposit Method’
column to view the support article for the provider and find out more details.
You can also review our geographic restrictions to determine if you are able
to use a Kraken account. JPY (Japanese Yen) Availability Deposit method
Deposit minimum Deposit fee Processing time Withdrawal hold Worldwide* SWIFT
(Etana Custody) 15,000 JPY free 2-5 business days or instant None
*Availability for this funding provider may be limited to specific regions,
please select the purple text under the ‘Deposit Method’ column to view the
support article for the provider and find out more details. You can also
review our geographic restrictions to determine if you are able to use a
Kraken account. Create a Kraken account Important deposit information The
currency you use for a bank transfer (deposit) to Kraken, must match the
currency of the deposit method. For example, if you're sending EUR, it should
only go to EUR deposit methods like SEPA & SEPA Instant (Banking Circle), SEPA
(Bank Frick), or EUR SWIFT (Bank Frick) for transfers from outside the SEPA
area. If you send a cash transfer in the wrong currency to one of our bank
accounts, the transfer may be returned and/or some additional charges may be
applied. Deposit fees are what it costs Kraken to accept your deposit and do
not include your bank's charges (if any) for sending a transfer. We cannot
accept deposits from certain third-party payment processors. Verified
residents in Canada can deposit with cash and debit cards using our In-Person
provider. Please be mindful of banking holidays.  This information can change
without notice and is not always current. Please sign in to your Kraken
account and navigate to the relevant funding page to see the most current
information. Kraken does not currently support US domestic deposits via
checks. Do not mail checks or deposit physical cash directly to any of our
bank accounts or addresses. Any checks we receive will be destroyed.
Frequently asked questions Why hasn't my deposit arrived yet? Processing times
are estimates only and are outside of Kraken's control. Delays are possible.
If your deposit does not arrive within the estimated time frame above, please
follow these steps. Are there any other fees? Your bank may charge you fees
for sending the deposit to our payments processors. Intermediary or
correspondent banks (banks between your bank and our bank that processes the
transaction in transit) may also charge fees or convert the transaction to a
different currency en route (if sending euros from outside of Europe, for
example). These fees are on the account of the sender and the responsibility
of the sending bank. What are the deposit limits? Deposit limits will depend
on your verification level. Why is my deposit being held? A deposit might be
held for various reasons. When a deposit is held our support team will reach
out promptly with more information. Alternatively, you can contact support if
you haven't heard from us yet. Contact Support The decimal and thousands
separators shown in this article may differ from the formats displayed on our
trading platforms. Review our article on how we use points and commas for more
information. Related articles Bank deposit requirements and checklist Cash
withdrawal options (fees, minimums and processing times) How to buy and sell
cryptocurrencies on Kraken 8 min read](/hc/en-us/articles/360000381846-Cash-
deposit-options-fees-minimums-and-processing-times-)

#### [NFT MarketplaceNFTs available on Kraken  NFT deposits NFTs deposited
that are not part of a collection supported by Kraken, or sent on the
incorrect blockchain, will not be displayed in your Inventory and may require
a lengthy recovery process, or may not be recoverable. If you mistakenly sent
an NFT to your Kraken account that is not a part of our supported collections,
please contact Support for assistance. Trade holds Purchasing cryptocurrencies
with credit cards, PayPal, or via ACH online banking will trigger a trade hold
for the transacting user. This will prevent NFT trade activity (purchases,
sales and offers) for a period of 7 days, for enhanced security. Below are the
NFTs we currently support on our marketplace. For a complete list of Reddit
Avatars supported on Kraken visit: NFTs available on Kraken (Reddit Avatars)
Name Network(s) Token Standard(s) 0N1 Force Ethereum ERC-721 1337 skulls
Ethereum ERC-721 8liens Ethereum ERC-721 9 ZONES Ethereum ERC-721 Adam Bomb
Squad Ethereum ERC-721 Applied Primate Keycard Ethereum ERC-721 a KID called
BEAST Ethereum ERC-721 akutars Ethereum ERC-721 Alien Frens Ethereum ERC-721
ALPACADABRAZ Ethereum ERC-721 Angry Cat Ethereum ERC-721  Animetas Ethereum
ERC-721  Anthony Hopkins - The Eternal Ethereum ERC-721 Aopanda Party Ethereum
ERC-721 Azuki Ethereum ERC-721 Azuki Elementals     Ethereum ERC-721 Azuki
Elemental Beans     Ethereum ERC-721 Banners NFT     Ethereum ERC-721
BasedHeads Ethereum ERC-721 BEANS - Dumb Ways to Die Ethereum ERC-721 BEANZ
Official Ethereum ERC-721 Bit Bears by Berachain Ethereum ERC-721 Blips
Ethereum ERC-721 Blitmap Ethereum ERC-721 Boki Ethereum ERC-721 Boonji Project
Ethereum ERC-721 Bored Ape Kennel Club Ethereum ERC-721 Bored Ape Yacht Club
Ethereum ERC-721 Boss Beauties Ethereum ERC-721 Bursted Bubbles by Deblock
Ethereum ERC-721 BYOPills Ethereum ERC-721 Capsule House Ethereum ERC-721
Castaways - The Islands Ethereum ERC-721 Castle Kid By Colin Tilley Ethereum
ERC-721 Celestial by Nullish Ethereum ERC-721 Cel Mates Crime Reports Ethereum
ERC-721 Chimpers Ethereum ERC-721 Claynosaurz Ethereum ERC-721 CLONE X - X
TAKASHI MURAKAMI Ethereum ERC-721 Cool Cats NFT Ethereum ERC-721 Cool Pets NFT
Ethereum ERC-721 Chain Runners Ethereum ERC-721 Chaos City: Residents Ethereum
ERC-721 Chungos Ethereum ERC-721 Createra Genesis Land Ethereum ERC-721
Creature World NFT Ethereum ERC-721 Creepz by OVERLORD Ethereum ERC-721
CryptoBatz Ethereum ERC-721 CryptoBirbs by Vodnik Ethereum ERC-721
Crypto.Chicks Ethereum ERC-721 Crypto Coven Ethereum ERC-721 CryptoDickbutts
Ethereum ERC-721 CryptoPunks Ethereum ERC-721 Cryptopunks (V1) Ethereum
ERC-721 CrypToadz by GREMPLIN Ethereum ERC-721 Cupcats Official Ethereum
ERC-721 CyberKongz Ethereum ERC-721 CyberKongz VX Ethereum ERC-721 C-01
Ethereum ERC-721 Damien Hirst, The Currency Ethereum ERC-721 Deadfellaz
Ethereum ERC-721 DeafBeef Ethereum ERC-721 Decentraland Ethereum ERC-721
Degenheim Ethereum ERC-721 DeGods Ethereum ERC-721 DigiDaigaku Dragon Eggs
Ethereum ERC-721 DigiDaigaku Genesis Ethereum ERC-721 Dippies Ethereum ERC-721
Doge Pound Puppies Ethereum ERC-721 Doodles Ethereum ERC-721 Dooplicator
Ethereum ERC-721 dotdotdots Ethereum ERC-721 Echo Key by Zero Point Ethereum
ERC-721 EightBit Me Ethereum ERC-721 Fang Gang Ethereum ERC-721 Feetpix.wtf
Ethereum ERC-721 Frenly Pandas     Ethereum ERC-721 Flightless Space Agency
Ethereum ERC-721 Fluf World Ethereum ERC-721 Fluffers by fluffytopia Ethereum
ERC-721  Forgotten Runes Wizards Cult. Ethereum ERC-721 Funky Flies Official
Ethereum ERC-721 GalacticApes Ethereum ERC-721 Genuine Undead Ethereum ERC-721
GEVOLs Ethereum ERC-721 Ghost Boy Ethereum ERC-721 Gutter Dogs Ethereum
ERC-721 Gutter Pigeons Ethereum ERC-721 HAPE Prime Ethereum ERC-721
HasbullaNFT Ethereum ERC-721 Hashflow (Official) Ethereum ERC-721 Hashmasks
Ethereum ERC-721 Himalaya Ethereum ERC-721  Huxley Comics Ethereum ERC-721
HV-MTL Ethereum ERC-721  Impostors Genesis Aliens Ethereum ERC-721 Invisible
Friends Ethereum ERC-721 Iron Paw Gang Ethereum ERC-721 Kanpai Pandas Ethereum
ERC-721 Khuga by Khuga Labs Ethereum ERC-721 KILLABEARS     Ethereum ERC-721
Killer GF Ethereum ERC-721 Kiwami Ethereum ERC-721 KPR Ethereum ERC-721 Lazy
Lions Ethereum ERC-721 Letters by Vinnie Hager Ethereum ERC-721 Lil Pudgys
Ethereum ERC-721 Little Lemon Friends Ethereum ERC-721 Little Tinas Fantasy
Ethereum ERC-721 Lives of Asuna Ethereum ERC-721 LO-FI PEPE Ethereum ERC-721
Loot (for Adventurers) Ethereum ERC-721 Loser Club Official Ethereum ERC-721
Meebits Ethereum ERC-721 MekaVerse Ethereum ERC-721 Metakrew Ethereum ERC-721
Meta Legends Ethereum ERC-721 Mfers Ethereum ERC-721 MG land Ethereum ERC-721
MidnightBreeze Ethereum ERC-721 Milady Maker Ethereum ERC-721 MistleToadz by
GREMPLIN Ethereum ERC-721 Moonbirds Ethereum ERC-721 Moonbirds Oddities
Ethereum ERC-721 Moonrunners Ethereum ERC-721 Murakami.Flowers Official
Ethereum ERC-721 Murder Head Death Club Ethereum ERC-721 MURI by Haus Ethereum
ERC-721 Mutant Ape Yacht Club Ethereum ERC-721 Mutant Garden Seeder Ethereum
ERC-721 My Pet Hooligan Ethereum ERC-721 Nakamigos Ethereum ERC-721 Nakamigos-
CLOAKS Ethereum ERC-721 NeoTokyo Outer Identities Ethereum ERC-721 Nouns
Ethereum ERC-721 NuCyber  Ethereum ERC-721 Nyolings Ethereum ERC-721 OCM Karma
Ethereum ERC-721 On Chain Monkey Ethereum ERC-721 On the Edge of Oblivion
Ethereum ERC-721 Otherdeed for Otherside Ethereum ERC-721 Otherside Vessels
Ethereum ERC-721 Otherdeed Expanded     Ethereum ERC-721 Owls Ethereum ERC-721
Peaceful Groupies Ethereum ERC-721 Pixelmon – Generation 1 Ethereum ERC-721
Pixels - Farm Land Ethereum ERC-721 Pixelady Maker     Ethereum ERC-721 Pop
Art Cats by Matt Chessco Ethereum ERC-721 PORSCHΞ 911 Ethereum ERC-721 Project
AEON Ethereum ERC-721 Pudgy Penguins Ethereum ERC-721 PXN: Ghost Division
Ethereum ERC-721 QQL Mint Pass Ethereum ERC-721 Redacted Remilio Babies
Ethereum ERC-721 Reddit Avatars available on Kraken RENGA Ethereum ERC-721
RENGA BLACK BOX Ethereum ERC-721 REXBITS Ethereum ERC-721 Robotos Ethereum
ERC-721  Sakura Park Ethereum ERC-721 Sappy Seals Ethereum ERC-721 Savage
Nation Ethereum ERC-721 Scottie Pippen SP33 Ethereum ERC-721 Sewer Pass
Ethereum ERC-721 "SHiELD:AGE" by Cotoh Tsumi Ethereum ERC-721 Shinsei Galverse
Ethereum ERC-721 Sipherian Surge Ethereum ERC-721 Skyborne - Genesis Immortals
Ethereum ERC-721 Skyborne - Nexian Gems Ethereum ERC-721 SlimHoods Ethereum
ERC-721 Sneaky Vampire Syndicate Ethereum ERC-721 Space Riders NFT Ethereum
ERC-721 Sproto Gremlins Ethereum     ERC-721 Sprotoladys Ethereum ERC-721
Starcatchers Ethereum ERC-721 STATE OF THE ART by ThankYouX Ethereum ERC-721
Supducks Ethereum ERC-721 Tasty Bones XYZ Ethereum ERC-721 Terraforms by
Mathcastles Ethereum ERC-721 Texture Punx Official Ethereum ERC-721 The
Captainz Ethereum ERC-721 The Doge Pound Ethereum ERC-721 The Flower Girls
Ethereum ERC-721 The Grapes Ethereum ERC-721 The Humanoids Ethereum ERC-721
The Legend of CØCKPUNCH™ Ethereum ERC-721 The Long Lost Ethereum ERC-721 the
pixels inc Ethereum ERC-721 ThePossessed Ethereum ERC-721 The Potatoz Ethereum
ERC-721 The Sandbox Ethereum ERC-721 The Surreals Ethereum ERC-721 ThorGuards
Ethereum ERC-721 TIME Pieces Build a Better Future: Genesis Drop Ethereum
ERC-721 Treeverse – Plots Ethereum ERC-721 TreeNFT Ethereum ERC-721 Treeverse
- Timeless Characters Ethereum ERC-721 tubby cats by tubby collective Ethereum
ERC-721 Unisocks Ethereum ERC-721 uwucrew Ethereum ERC-721 Vee Friends
Ethereum ERC-721 VeeFriends Series 2 Ethereum ERC-721 Visions of the Void
Ethereum ERC-721 VOX Ethereum ERC-721 Wassies by Wassies Ethereum ERC-721
Wavelength by Kaleb Johnston Ethereum ERC-721 We Are All Going to Die Ethereum
ERC-721 White Hearts 1.0 Ethereum ERC-721 Winds of Yawanawa by Yawanawa and
Refik Anadol Ethereum ERC-721 Wolf Game - Farmer Ethereum ERC-721 Women and
Weapons Ethereum ERC-721 WonderPals Ethereum ERC-721 Wonky Stonks Ethereum
ERC-721  World of Women Ethereum ERC-721 World of Women Galaxy Ethereum
ERC-721 Worldwide Webb Land Ethereum ERC-721 WVRPS by Warpsound Ethereum
ERC-721 XCOPY Ethereum ERC-721 Yaypegs Ethereum ERC-721 YuGiYn Ethereum
ERC-721 y00ts Ethereum ERC-721 zombie club token Ethereum ERC-721 Zoofrenz by
Zombot Studio Ethereum ERC-721 Drill Club Polygon network ERC-721 Gulf x
Williams Racing 'Bolder than Bold' Fan Livery Polygon network ERC-721 Trump
Digital Trading Cards  Polygon network ERC-721 Trump Digital Trading Cards
Series 2 Polygon network ERC-721 Y00ts Polygon network ERC-721 ABC Solana SPL
Alpha Pharaohs Solana SPL ASTRALS Solana SPL AURORY Solana SPL BODOGGOS Solana
SPL BOLD BADGERS SQUAD Solana SPL Brains + Zombies (Brains) Solana SPL Brains
+ Zombies (Zombies) Solana SPL Bubblegoose Ballers Solana SPL Cets Milk Bottle
Solana SPL CETS ON CRECK Solana SPL Critters Cult Solana SPL DEGENERATE APE
ACADEMY Solana SPL Degen Fat Cats (SOL) Solana SPL Degenerate Trash Pandas
Solana SPL Famous Fox Federation Solana SPL Frakt Solana SPL Genesis Genopets
Solana SPL GGSG: GALACTIC GECKO Solana SPL Grim Syndicate Solana SPL Jikan
Studios Solana SPL Just Ape. Solana SPL Knittables Solana SPL Mad Lads
Solana SPL OG Atadians Solana SPL Okay Bears Solana SPL Pesky Penguins Solana
SPL Portals Solana SPL Primates Solana SPL Pudgy Rods Solana SPL Quantum
Traders Solana SPL RetroGoons Solana SPL Rogue Sharks NFT Solana SPL Rude
Golems Solana SPL Sharx by sharky.fi Solana SPL Smyths Solana SPL Solana
Monkey Business Solana SPL The Fracture Solana SPL Solsteads Solana SPL
Sorcies Solana SPL Taiyo Robotics Solana SPL The Catalina Whale Mixer Solana
SPL The Sneks Solana SPL Thesmophoria Solana SPL Trippin’ Ape Tribe Solana SPL
Transdimensional Fox Federation Solana SPL Turtles Solana SPL Ukiyo Solana SPL
Vandals Solana SPL 6 min read](/hc/en-us/articles/6557260067476-NFTs-
available-on-Kraken-)

#### [FundingHow to withdraw cryptocurrencies from your Kraken account This
article is for clients using the Kraken interface (kraken.com). If you are
using Kraken Pro (pro.kraken.com) click here. Withdrawal hold Certain
deposits, such as first time ACH purchases, debit or credit card purchases or
digital wallet purchases will trigger a temporary (72 hour) withdrawal hold on
the account, for security purposes. For enhanced security, debit and credit
card purchases using USD will experience the 72 hour lock discussed above on
all purchases, not just your first purchase. In order to withdraw
cryptocurrencies from your Kraken account, you must first add and confirm the
withdrawal address. Then, to withdraw, follow these steps: Sign in to your
Kraken account and click the Withdraw button on the home page.   Ensure you
are on the Withdraw tab in the new page. The first dropdown will be pre
populated with your available crypto. If you wish to withdraw a different
crypto, than the one shown, select the crypto you wish to withdraw from the
dropdown. Once you have chosen the crypto you wish to withdraw, select a
previously added withdrawal address. If you do not yet have a withdrawal
address for the chosen crypto, click the Add new withdrawal address button to
add and confirm a new one. Enter the amount you would like to withdraw or
click the percentage of your account balance in that specific currency. Double
check that all of the information is correct and then click Withdraw. If you
are asked for an authenticator app code, then you have 2FA for funding enabled
on your account and would need to use the 2FA you set up for funding (this is
different from your Sign-in 2FA). If your withdrawal is successful, you will
see a confirmation with your withdrawal details in the Recent transactions box
as well as in the Transactions tab. Note: You will not receive an email
confirmation for the withdrawal. You can keep track of your withdrawal status
by viewing your recent transactions in the Transactions tab. You may receive
an error message or not be able to withdraw for the following reasons: The
amount is below the minimum withdrawal amount listed This amount cannot exceed
your account balance Invalid Password / Permission Denied error Always be
careful when withdrawing cryptocurrencies: Once a withdrawal has been sent and
marked as "Success" in your Kraken account, it is impossible to cancel or
reverse the transaction. It is not possible to transfer cryptocurrencies to
another Kraken account. Some cryptocurrencies can be sent via multiple
different networks. Make sure you are sending through a network we support so
that funds are not lost. Do not participate in an ICO or token sale directly
from your Kraken account — the tokens received will be irretrievable.  Related
articles: How to withdraw cryptocurrencies on the Kraken Pro interface How to
withdraw cryptocurrencies on the Kraken Classic interface 2 min read](/hc/en-
us/articles/360000672763-How-to-withdraw-cryptocurrencies-from-your-Kraken-
account)

#### [FundingCryptocurrency withdrawal fees and minimumsThere is a minimum
requirement for each withdrawal, along with a fee to cover the transaction
costs of moving the cryptocurrency out of your Kraken account. Below is a
summary of the minimums and fees.  Cryptocurrency availability Some currencies
listed below are not available in specific countries. *Two versions of USDC
are currently being supported on Polygon and Arbitrum: USDC.e and native USDC.
† Paxos currently charges a 0.02% fee for all on-chain transactions of PAXG.
For any withdrawal from Kraken this comes in addition to the flat fee we
charge.  The decimal and thousands separators shown in this article may differ
from the formats displayed on our trading platforms. Review our article on how
we use points and commas for more information. Article last updated: 22 April
2024 13:00 UTC Related articles Cryptocurrency deposit fees and minimums Less
than a min read](/hc/en-us/articles/360000767986-Cryptocurrency-withdrawal-
fees-and-minimums)

#### [FundingCash withdrawal options (fees, minimums and processing times)
Withdrawal hold Certain deposits, such as first time ACH purchases, debit or
credit card purchases or digital wallet purchases will trigger a temporary (72
hour) withdrawal hold on the account, for security purposes. For enhanced
security, debit and credit card purchases using USD, and Paypal deposits, may
experience the 72 hour lock discussed above on all purchases, not just your
first purchase. Below is an overview of withdrawal options and their minimums,
fees and processing times. Kraken supports the following currencies: USD, EUR,
CAD, AUD, GBP, CHF and JPY. Important withdrawal information This information
can change without notice and is not always current. Please sign in to your
Kraken account and navigate to the relevant funding page to see the most
current information. Cash, checks, credit & debit cards or third-party
payments processor withdrawals are not possible. Processing times are
estimates only and are outside of Kraken's control, so delays are possible.
Please be mindful of banking holidays.  If your withdrawal does not arrive
within the estimated time frame below, follow these steps.   USD (US Dollar)
withdrawal options Availability Withdrawal Method/Processor Withdrawal Minimum
Withdrawal Fee Processing time USA only ACH 1 USD Free 0-2 business days
(cutoff at 2pm EST) USA only* FedWire (MVB Bank) 20 USD 4 USD 0-1 business
days (cutoff at 4pm EST) USA only* FedWire (Customers Bank) 20 USD 4 USD 0-1
business days USA only FedWire (Etana Custody) 150 USD 35 USD 1-5 business
days or instant USA only; Business Pro* CBIT™ (Customers Bank Instant Token) 1
USD Free Instant Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 USD 35 USD 3-5 business
days or instant Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick)  100 USD 13 USD 1-5 business
days  Please review the FAQ section of this article for more information on
withdrawal fees.  *Availability for this funding provider may be limited to
specific regions, please select purple text under the ‘Withdrawal
Method/Processor’ column to view the support article for the provider and find
out more details.  EUR (Euro) withdrawal options Availability Withdrawal
Method/Processor Withdrawal Minimum Withdrawal Fee Processing time SEPA only
SEPA (Bank Frick) 2 EUR 1 EUR 0-5 business days SEPA only* SEPA
(ClearJunction) 3 EUR 0.90 EUR 0-5 business days SEPA only* SEPA (Banking
Circle) 2 EUR 1 EUR 0-5 business days Instant SEPA only* Instant SEPA (Banking
Circle) 2 EUR 1 EUR Near-instant Instant SEPA only Instant SEPA
(ClearJunction) 3 EUR 0.90 EUR Near-instant UK only** BLINC 1 EUR free Near-
instant Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick) 100 EUR 5 EUR 1-5 business days
Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 EUR 35 EUR 3-5 business days or instant
Please review the FAQ section of this article for more information on
withdrawal fees.  *Availability for this funding provider may be limited to
specific regions, please select purple text under the ‘Withdrawal
Method/Processor’ column to view the support article for the provider and find
out more details.  **Availability for this funding method is limited to UK
clients with a Business account with Pro Limits. For more details see the BCB
BLINC funding provider article. GBP (Pound Sterling) withdrawal options
Availability Withdrawal Method/Processor Withdrawal Minimum Withdrawal Fee
Processing time UK and Gibraltar* FPS (ClearJunction) 5 GBP 1.95 GBP 0-3
business days UK and Gibraltar* CHAPS (ClearJunction) 25 GBP 21 GBP Same day
UK only** BLINC 1 GBP free Near-instant Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick) 100 GBP
13 GBP 2-5 business days Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 GBP 35 GBP 3-5
business days or instant *Availability for this funding provider may be
limited to specific regions, please select purple text under the ‘Withdrawal
Method/Processor’ column to view the support article for the provider and find
out more details.  **Availability for this funding method is limited to UK
clients with a Business account with Pro Limits. For more details see the BCB
BLINC funding provider article. CAD (Canadian Dollar) withdrawal options
Availability Withdrawal Method/Processor Withdrawal Minimum Withdrawal Fee
Processing time Canada only EFT (POSCONNECT) 50 CAD 0.35% 2-5 business days
Canada only Interac e-Transfer 15 CAD 10 CAD 0-1 business days or instant
Worldwide*; Business Pro Wire transfer (InterFIN) 1,000 CAD free 0-10 minutes
Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick) 100 CAD 13 CAD 1-5 business days Worldwide*
SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 CAD 35 CAD 3-5 business days or instant Please
review the FAQ section of this article for more information on withdrawal
fees.  *Availability for this funding provider may be limited to specific
regions, please select purple text under the ‘Withdrawal Method/Processor’
column to view the support article for the provider and find out more details.
CHF (Swiss Franc) withdrawal options Availability Withdrawal Method/Processor
Withdrawal Minimum Withdrawal Fee Processing time Liechtenstein & Switzerland
only SIC (Bank Frick) 2 CHF 1 CHF Same day Worldwide* SWIFT (Bank Frick) 100
CHF 1 CHF 1-5 business days Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 150 CHF 35 CHF
3-5 business days or instant Please review the FAQ section of this article for
more information on withdrawal fees.  *Availability for this funding provider
may be limited to specific regions, please select purple text under the
‘Withdrawal Method/Processor’ column to view the support article for the
provider and find out more details.  AUD (Australian Dollar) withdrawal
options Availability Withdrawal Method/Processor Withdrawal Minimum Withdrawal
Fee Processing time Australia only Bank Transfer 5 AUD free 0-2 business days
Australia only Osko 5 AUD free Near-instant Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody)
150 AUD 55 AUD 3-5 business days or instant Please review the FAQ section of
this article for more information on withdrawal fees.  *Availability for this
funding provider may be limited to specific regions, please select purple text
under the ‘Withdrawal Method/Processor’ column to view the support article for
the provider and find out more details.  JPY (Japanese Yen) withdrawal options
Availability Withdrawal Method/Processor Withdrawal Minimum Withdrawal Fee
Processing time Worldwide* SWIFT (Etana Custody) 15,000 JPY 35 USD equivalent
in JPY 3-5 business days or instant Please review the FAQ section of this
article for more information on withdrawal fees.  *Availability for this
funding provider may be limited to specific regions, please select purple text
under the ‘Withdrawal Method/Processor’ column to view the support article for
the provider and find out more details.  Frequently Asked Questions Why does
Kraken charge withdrawal fees? The payments providers that we work with charge
us fees for withdrawals. What are the withdrawal limits? Withdrawal limits
depend on your verification level. Are there any other fees? Intermediary or
correspondent banks (banks between our bank and your bank that processes the
transaction in transit) may sometimes charge fees or convert the transaction
to a different currency en route. If you have any further questions, chat
directly with one of our support specialists, by clicking on the Help button
in the lower right corner of your screen. Related articles Cash deposit
options (fees, minimums and processing times) The decimal and thousands
separators shown in this article may differ from the formats displayed on our
trading platforms. Review our article on how we use points and commas for more
information. 5 min read](/hc/en-us/articles/360000423043-Cash-withdrawal-
options-fees-minimums-and-processing-times-)

#### [Getting StartedDebit or credit card purchases with Visa and Mastercard
You can instantly purchase a range of cryptocurrencies using your Visa and
Mastercard. Withdrawal hold As a security precaution, withdrawals in any
currency of up to 100% of your first debit or credit card purchase will be
locked for 72 hours. This means that if your first debit or credit card
purchase was $1,000, you will not be able to withdraw the equivalent of $1,000
in either cash or crypto for the following 72 hours. Additional debit or
credit card purchases made during this 72 hours will also be locked for the
remainder of the 72 hours.  For enhanced security, debit and credit card
purchases using USD may experience the 72 hour lock discussed above on all
purchases, not just your first purchase. Requirements Your Kraken account must
be verified to the Intermediate or Pro level, with residence in a supported
region. You must hold a valid Visa or Mastercard in the same legal name as
your Kraken account. For our non-US clients, debit and credit cards that are
enabled with 3D Secure are accepted. For US clients only debit cards are
supported at this time. Fees and limits Kraken fees for buying, selling, or
converting assets using your card consist of a displayed fee and, where
applicable, a spread which is included in the price. Any spread is calculated
before orders are executed and may differ for similar transactions. This is
because the spread is determined based on a combination of factors, including
but not limited to transaction size, asset, payment method and market
conditions. Note: Transactions may not be cancelled once initiated. All
purchases are final and non-refundable. Card purchase fees: The final
transaction fee is provided on the final confirmation page and is visible
before you complete the purchase. There are no hidden or additional fees and
the total value shown on the confirmation page is what Kraken will charge to
your card. Card and transaction limits: Each transaction has a minimum
purchase amount. There is a maximum spending amount within a time-based seven
day rolling period. This limit is combined with Apple Pay or Google Pay
purchases. Purchase amounts count towards your daily and monthly funding
limits. A maximum of three attempts to save your payment card is allowed
within a 30 day rolling period. Deleting saved cards will not reset this limit
so be mindful of this before removing any of your saved card details. Card
information is securely stored and displayed according to PCI compliance
regulations. For clients in the USA, a maximum of one card can be added within
a 30-day rolling period and a maximum of two attempts to add a new card is
allowed. Currency Minimum purchase amount Seven day purchase limit AUD A$14.00
A$7,000 CAD C$12.50 C$6,500 CHF CHF 10.00 CHF 5,000 EUR €10.00 €5,000 GBP
£8.00 £4,000 USD $10.00 $5,000 Important information The default payment
currency is pre-determined by your verified country of residence. Depending on
your card issuers policy, they may charge additional fees for cash advance or
online card purchases. Bank charges for credit card payments or international
transaction fees are independent from Kraken’s fee and are outside of our
control. The Buy Crypto widget and our Kraken app are specifically designed
for easy buying and selling. Withdrawals to cards are not supported. As a
security precaution we may limit the number of transactions allowed per day.
Instructions If you are using the Buy Crypto widget on our website, you can
view step-by-step instructions on how to add your payment card. For guidance
on adding your card while using the Kraken App, please see the instructions
provided here. Why does Kraken need my consent to store my card details?
Storing your card details helps us to: verify your account, comply with our
legal and regulatory obligations, and prevent and detect fraud and crime. It
also helps create a smooth and fast payment journey. Your card will remain
stored for transactional purposes, unless you decide to remove it. For legal
and regulatory purposes, we will continue to store records of your
transactions in accordance with our client Privacy Policy. If you would like
to opt-out please remove your payment card and feel free to use an alternative
payment method from this list: Apple Pay or Google Pay  ACH online banking
purchases Supported currencies and payment methods  If none of the above
payment methods suit, you can try PayPal, Plaid EUR/GBP or Plaid via ACH.
Failed or declined transactions There are a number of reasons why a
transaction could fail: Website or API connectivity issues. Adverse market
volatility, meaning we're unable to lock down a price. Transactions can also
be declined by your card issuer at their discretion. If your card was charged
but you did not immediately receive your crypto assets, the transaction will
automatically be voided within two hours.  These lists are not exhaustive, so
if your purchases continue to fail please contact our Support team, or chat
directly with one of our Support specialists by clicking the Help button in
the right corner of your screen. Explanation of 3D Secure (3DS) 3DS, typically
referred to as "Verified by Visa" or “Mastercard SecureCode", is an additional
security layer used to authorize online purchases. Depending on your card
issuer, they may require a password; one-time-PIN; or authorization within a
banking app If you are unsure if your card is 3DS, please contact your card
issuer to enquire if they support this security feature.  Supported regions
Kraken offers Visa and Mastercard in many countries. Please see this list to
view the payment methods available in your region. The decimal and thousands
separators shown in this article may differ from the formats displayed on our
trading platforms. Review our article on how we use points and commas for more
information. 4 min read](/hc/en-us/articles/360048212832-Debit-or-credit-card-
purchases-with-Visa-and-Mastercard-)

#### [Getting StartedBuying Crypto on Kraken Withdrawal hold Certain instant
purchases, such as first time ACH Online Banking, debit or credit card or
digital wallet purchases, will trigger a withdrawal hold for up to 72 hours.
Withdrawal holds may also be triggered by deposits from certain banks as well
as security reasons. For enhanced security, debit and credit card purchases
using USD will experience the 72 hour lock discussed above on all purchases,
not just your first purchase. You can buy, sell and convert any combination of
cryptocurrencies and cash instantly using the dedicated Buy, Sell and Convert
buttons on the home page. Instructions on how to use the Buy, Sell and Convert
options are shown below. Note: Transactions may not be cancelled once
initiated. All purchases are final and non-refundable. How to Buy Click on Buy
Crypto at the top of the page and select the Buy option. You can also access
the Buy option by clicking the Buy button on the home page. On the Buy screen,
a default asset is selected. If you would like to buy a different asset click
on the asset name. In the search field, type in the name of the asset you wish
to buy. In this example, we'll buy BTC. Enter the cash amount you would like
to buy, or select the cash options available to input the volume of crypto you
want to buy. Before you click the Review button, ensure that you have selected
the correct Pay With method. You can pay with your cash balance, your debit or
credit card, Apple Pay or Google Pay, or with ACH online banking. If
everything looks right, click Confirm to complete the order. A confirmation
screen will pop up to show the asset volume being purchased, the quoted asset
price, fees and cash amount for the purchase. When paying with your
debit/credit card, additional confirmation with 3D Secure will need to be
completed. That's it! You've successfully bought crypto. How to Sell Click on
Buy crypto at the top of the page and select the Sell option. You can also
access the Sell option by clicking the Sell button on the home page. On the
Sell screen, a default asset is selected. If you would like to sell a
different asset click on the asset name. In the search field, type in the name
of the asset you wish to sell. Select the asset you wish to sell. In this
example, we will sell BTC.  Enter the amount you want to sell and click the
Review button. A confirmation screen will pop up so you can double check your
order. If everything looks right, click Confirm to complete the order. How to
Convert The Convert tab allows you to convert between any crypto and cash
assets. While there are still some geographic restrictions on certain assets,
there is no limitation on supported currency pairs! Click on Buy crypto at the
top of the page and select the Convert option. You can also access the Convert
option by clicking the Convert button on the home page. On the Convert screen,
default To and From assets are selected. In the From drop-down menu, select
one of your available assets. Select any of the available currencies from the
To drop-down menu. A confirmation screen will pop up so you can double check
your order. If everything looks right, click Confirm to complete the order.
How to add your debit or credit card Click on Buy Crypto at the top of the
page. If you have not yet added a payment method: Under the Pay with dropdown,
click on Add a payment method. If you have previously added a payment method,
or if you have a cash balance, you will see an existing payment method instead
of the Add payment method option. If you wish to add a different payment
method, click on your existing balance under Pay with and select Add payment
method. To add your card, click on the Add a payment card option. Your first
and last name are pre-filled with your legal name as verified on your Kraken
account. If your card only has your initials and surname, or has an additional
middle name, your bank should still validate your card. We do not accept
payment cards issued in someone else's name. Input the 16 digits found on your
Visa or Mastercard card, add the expiry date and 3 digit security code found
on the back of your card.  Your address is pre-filled with the verified
address on your Kraken account, however this can be edited if your card
billing address differs. Click continue once you have inputed the required
information. Once your card has been validated, you will be able to select it
from the Pay with options. The default payment currency is pre-determined by
your verified country of residence. How to connect to ACH online banking Click
on Buy Crypto at the top of the page. Select Add payment method and then
select Connect a bank. Select the Pay with drop down and click the Add a
payment method button. If you have previously added a payment method or if you
have a cash balance, you will see an existing payment method instead of the
Add payment method option. Locate your bank by entering the name in the search
field. Input your online banking sign-in credentials. Depending on your bank,
you may need to provide additional verification via text message, email or
phone call. Once confirmed, your online banking will be listed in the Pay with
option. How to edit or delete your saved payment card or online bank account
Once your card or banking information is stored, it's not possible to access
and edit. You will need to delete the stored information and then add it again
with the updated information if needed. To delete card or banking information,
click on the profile icon in the top right corner of your screen and click on
Payment methods. Next to the card or bank account you want to remove, select
the bin icon and click Remove. You can also add a new payment method by
clicking on the Add payment method button on this screen: If you do not see
this option, then you will need to disable your Global Settings Lock. A
maximum of three attempts to save your payment card is allowed within a 30 day
rolling period. Deleting saved cards will not reset this limit so be mindful
of this before removing any of your saved card details. Deleting saved cards
will not reset this limit so be mindful of this before removing any of your
saved card details. Locating your transaction The asset that you have
purchased will be credited to your Kraken account balance. To view the
transaction, navigate to the Transactions tab on your account. The purchase
will be visible in the format of: Bought = The amount debited from your
account balance Deposited = The amount credited to your Kraken balance If you
purchased with your card or online banking, you will see HOLD beside the
deposit entry. This is just a term to differentiate between an instant
purchase and a cash bank wire deposit. The deposited funds are held for a
specific crypto purchase, and should not be confused with a deposit that has
been placed on hold. Funding options Cash and bank wire deposits Kraken
supports a wide range of cash and bank wire deposits in the following
currencies: USD, EUR, CAD, AUD, GBP, CHF and JPY. To be eligible for these
deposit options, your Kraken account must be verified to Intermediate or Pro
level. US residents (excluding NY, TX, WA and overseas US Territories) are
also eligible for Express verification. For step by step instructions, please
see our support article on how to deposit funds to your Kraken account. Bank
wire withdrawals Withdrawals via bank wire are available in USD, EUR, CAD,
AUD, GBP, CHF and JPY. To be eligible for these withdrawal options, your
Kraken account must be verified to Intermediate or Pro level. US residents
(excluding NY, TX, WA and overseas US Territories) are also eligible for
Express verification. Our guide on how to withdraw funds from your Kraken
account will show you how to do this. Crypto deposits With many different
cryptocurrencies available on Kraken, deposit options are endless! Have a look
at our guide on how to deposit cryptocurrencies to your Kraken account for
detailed instructions. Remember to check the minimum deposit amount before you
send any funds. Crypto withdrawals Withdrawing your crypto funds is quick and
easy. Our guide on how to withdraw cryptocurrencies from your Kraken account
provides detailed instructions. Debit & credit card purchases Debit & credit
card purchases are available to Kraken users with Intermediate or Pro level
verified accounts and residence in one of these supported countries.  Kraken
accepts Visa or Mastercard that support 3D Secure (3DS) which is in the same
legal name as your Kraken account. If your debit or credit card purchase has
failed or continues to be declined, it could be for a number of reasons.
Please contact our support team if your purchases continue to fail.  ACH
online banking purchases To be eligible for ACH online banking purchases, your
Kraken account must be verified to the Express, Intermediate or Pro level with
residence in the USA. If you are having trouble making a purchase through ACH
online banking follow our troubleshooting tips. If the issue persists please
contact our support team.  This service is not available to residents in New
York or Washington. Supported currency pairs You can buy, sell and convert any
asset to any other asset. Please note the following exceptions: There are some
geographic restrictions which may affect the assets that are available in your
verified country of residence. Cash-to-Cash pairs are not available in the
USA. ETH2.S-ETH is not available. Newly listed coins may have a delay of a few
days before becoming available. 8 min read](/hc/en-
us/articles/360051144472-Buying-Crypto-on-Kraken)

#### [FuturesHow to unlock futures tradingThis article will help you unlock
Kraken Futures trading. You can connect your Kraken account and start trading
futures in four easy steps: Eligibility Check if you meet the requirements.
Launch Kraken Futures You can launch Kraken Futures from the Kraken website,
Kraken Pro or from the Futures trading platform directly. All three methods
are described below. From Kraken.com Sign in to your Kraken account normally
on https://kraken.com/sign-in. Click on the 'Futures' button on the top ribbon
The trading platform loads and you are ready to trade futures!  From
Pro.Kraken.com  Sign into your account on, https://pro.kraken.com/ Navigate to
a Futures market from the 'Trade' tab > Market selector. Click the 'Unlock
Futures' button at the top of the order form.  From Futures.Kraken.com Start
on the Kraken Futures page, https://futures.kraken.com.  Click Sign in in the
upper-right corner. Select Sign in with Kraken SSO. Sign in to your Kraken
account. The trading platform loads and you are ready to trade futures! Terms
of Service Read and agree to the Kraken Futures (Payward Brokers) Terms &
Conditions and Privacy Policy. Fund Seamlessly transfer funds from your Kraken
exchange account. Less than a min read](/hc/en-us/articles/360022618012-How-
to-unlock-futures-trading)

Help by topic

[Getting Started](/hc/en-us/categories/204677947-Getting-Started)

[Account Basics](/hc/en-us/sections/200331513-Account-Basics)[Signing
Up](/hc/en-us/sections/360004127251-Signing-Up)[Instantly Buy Crypto](/hc/en-
us/sections/360013370331-Instantly-Buy-Crypto)[\+ 6 more](/hc/en-
us/categories/204677947-Getting-Started)

[Funding](/hc/en-us/categories/360000032263-Funding)

[Cash Funding](/hc/en-us/sections/4402657269268-Cash-Funding)[Cryptocurrency
Funding](/hc/en-us/sections/4402657292436-Cryptocurrency-Funding)[Frequently
asked questions](/hc/en-us/sections/360010219492-Frequently-asked-
questions)[Bank Funding Providers](/hc/en-us/sections/4402838054804-Bank-
Funding-Providers)

[Account Security & Verification](/hc/en-us/categories/360000036266-Account-
Security-Verification)

[Account Security](/hc/en-us/sections/360013915032-Account-Security)[Account
Verification](/hc/en-us/sections/360013915092-Account-Verification)[Getting
verified](/hc/en-us/sections/115000092867-Getting-verified)

[Trading](/hc/en-us/categories/200187143-Trading)

[Introduction to trading on Kraken](/hc/en-us/sections/200560573-Introduction-
to-trading-on-Kraken)[Order types](/hc/en-us/sections/200577136-Order-
types)[API Basics](/hc/en-us/sections/360004645712-API-Basics)[Account History
Basics](/hc/en-us/sections/360004134812-Account-History-Basics)[\+ 3
more](/hc/en-us/categories/200187143-Trading)

[Earn](/hc/en-us/categories/360002119091-Earn)

[Introduction to Staking on Kraken](/hc/en-
us/sections/360007384712-Introduction-to-Staking-on-Kraken)[Opt-In
Rewards](/hc/en-us/sections/12891477514388-Opt-In-Rewards)[Parachain
Auctions](/hc/en-us/sections/360013568631-Parachain-Auctions)[\+ 1
more](/hc/en-us/categories/360002119091-Earn)

[Futures](/hc/en-us/categories/360001977131-Futures)

[Your Futures Account](/hc/en-us/sections/4844457171220-Your-Futures-
Account)[Futures Trading](/hc/en-us/sections/360005933112-Futures-
Trading)[Futures Promotions Eligibilty & Terms](/hc/en-
us/sections/15482741296148-Futures-Promos-Eligibility-Terms)[Multi-Collateral
Futures](/hc/en-us/sections/4668394905876-Multi-Collateral-Futures)[\+ 3
more](/hc/en-us/categories/360001977131-Futures)

An app for everyone

[KrakenEasily buy, sell and convert crypto](/hc/en-
us/sections/360012780831)[Kraken ProA professional trading experience on the
go](/hc/en-us/sections/360012663012-Kraken-Pro-App-)[Kraken WalletSecurely
store and manage your crypto and NFTs](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-
us/categories/Kraken-Wallet)

### Can't find what you're looking for? Talk to us.

  * Chat
  * [Message us](/hc/en-us/forms)
  * [Phone](/hc/en-us/articles/115013099227-How-to-contact-Kraken-Phone-Support)

[Kraken](https://kraken.com/)

Take your crypto trading to the next level.

[Create account](https://kraken.com/sign-up)[Sign in](https://kraken.com/sign-
in)

  * [Kraken App](https://kraken.app.link/consumer-footer "Kraken App")
  * [Kraken Pro App](https://krakenpro.app.link/pro-footer "Kraken Pro App")

  * Features
    * [NFT Marketplace](https://nft.kraken.com)
    * [Margin Trading](https://kraken.com/features/margin-trading)
    * [Futures Trading](https://kraken.com/features/futures)
    * [OTC Trading](https://kraken.com/features/otc-exchange)
    * [Institutions](https://kraken.com/institutions)
    * [API Trading](https://kraken.com/features/api-trading)
    * [Staking Rewards](https://kraken.com/features/staking-coins)
    * [All features](https://kraken.com/features)
  * Company
    * [Kraken Security](https://kraken.com/features/security)
    * [Kraken Careers](https://kraken.com/careers)
    * [Kraken Blog](https://blog.kraken.com)
    * [Press Room](https://kraken.com/press)
    * [Affiliate Program](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-us/articles/360027545252-Kraken-Affiliate-program)
    * [Refer a Friend](https://kraken.com/referrals)
    * [Kraken Status](https://status.kraken.com/)
    * [Support Center](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-us)
  * Browse Prices
    * [Bitcoin Price](https://kraken.com/prices/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum Price](https://kraken.com/prices/ethereum)
    * [Dogecoin Price](https://kraken.com/prices/dogecoin)
    * [XRP Price](https://kraken.com/prices/xrp)
    * [Cardano Price](https://kraken.com/prices/cardano)
    * [Solana Price](https://kraken.com/prices/solana)
    * [Litecoin Price](https://kraken.com/prices/litecoin)
    * [All crypto prices](https://kraken.com/prices)
  * Popular Markets
    * [BTC to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/btc/usd)
    * [ETH to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/eth/usd)
    * [DOGE to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/doge/usd)
    * [XRP to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/xrp/usd)
    * [ADA to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/ada/usd)
    * [SOL to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/sol/usd)
    * [LTC to USD](https://kraken.com/convert/ltc/usd)
    * [All crypto markets](https://kraken.com/convert)
  * Buying Guides
    * [Buy Bitcoin](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-bitcoin-btc)
    * [Buy Ethereum](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-ethereum-eth)
    * [Buy Dogecoin](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-dogecoin-doge)
    * [Buy XRP](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-ripple-xrp)
    * [Buy Cardano](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-cardano-ada)
    * [Buy Solana](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-solana-sol)
    * [Buy Litecoin](https://kraken.com/learn/buy-litecoin-ltc)
    * [All crypto guides](https://kraken.com/learn/crypto-guides)
  * Crypto Education
    * [What is cryptocurrency?](https://kraken.com/learn/what-is-cryptocurrency)
    * [Types of cryptocurrency](https://kraken.com/learn/types-of-cryptocurrency)
    * [What is a blockchain?](https://kraken.com/learn/what-is-blockchain-technology)
    * [What is Bitcoin?](https://kraken.com/learn/what-is-bitcoin-btc)
    * [What is Ethereum?](https://kraken.com/learn/what-is-ethereum-eth)
    * [What is an NFT?](https://kraken.com/learn/what-are-non-fungible-tokens-nft)
    * [What is a DAO?](https://kraken.com/learn/what-is-decentralized-autonomous-organization-dao)
    * [Learn crypto](https://kraken.com/learn)
  * Community
    * [](https://www.instagram.com/krakenfx/)
    * [](https://www.facebook.com/KrakenFX/)
    * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/krakenfx/)
    * [](https://twitter.com/krakenfx)
    * [](https://www.youtube.com/c/KrakenBitcoinExchange)
    * [](https://www.tiktok.com/@krakenfx)
    * [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Kraken/)
    * [](https://t.me/kraken_exchange_official)

© 2011 - 2024 Payward, Inc.

  * [Privacy Notice](https://kraken.com/legal/privacy)
  * [Terms of Service](https://kraken.com/legal)
  * [Cookies Policy](https://kraken.com/legal/cookies)
  * [Disclosures](https://kraken.com/legal/disclosures)

 _These materials are for general information purposes only and are not
investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell or hold any
cryptoasset or to engage in any specific trading strategy. Some crypto
products and markets are unregulated, and you may not be protected by
government compensation and/or regulatory protection schemes. The
unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can lead to loss of funds. Tax
may be payable on any return and/or on any increase in the value of your
cryptoassets and you should seek independent advice on your taxation
position._

By clicking Accept, you consent to Kraken’s use of cookies. Visit Cookie
Settings to learn how Kraken uses cookies and to adjust your preferences.

AcceptCookie settings

