[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZS13ZWIzLXdhbGxldC11cGRhdGVzLXNpbXBsZS15aWVsZC15aWVsZC1wbHVzLWFuZC1tb3JlLWZvci1tYXktODQ4NzA2Mjk4NDA5ODgwMTk4NT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZS13ZWIzLXdhbGxldC11cGRhdGVzLXNpbXBsZS15aWVsZC15aWVsZC1wbHVzLWFuZC1tb3JlLWZvci1tYXktODQ4NzA2Mjk4NDA5ODgwMTk4NT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Web3 Wallet Updates: ‘Simple Yield’, ‘Yield Plus’, and More for May

2024-05-24

## Main Takeaways

  * [ _Binance Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) now features an enhanced Earn Page with ‘Simple Yield’ for effortless earnings and ‘Yield Plus’ for help with more advanced APR strategies.

  * Six new chains and 61 dApps have been integrated to broaden the wallet’s functional scope, and offer users an even more diverse range of Web3 services. 

  * Other improvements include optimized swap services, a redesigned Discover section, and customizable Web3 settings directly from within the wallet.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240524/6547e7ac-8be7-4f78-81e4-75222730225e)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may
not be available in your region._

Welcome to the latest enhancements to the [_Binance Web3
Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)! As part of our commitment to
continuously improve your experience in navigating the decentralized web,
we’re excited to unveil several updates, each designed to streamline and
enrich your interactions.

In this update, we place a special emphasis on the wallet’s Earn page, which
has undergone a comprehensive revamp. This transformation — launched on May
20, 2024 — is aimed at simplifying how you earn on Web3, making it more
intuitive and accessible than ever before.

Other enhancements include new blockchain and dApp integrations, boosted swap
features, updates to the ‘Discover’ section, and a redesigned user interface
for improved navigation. Read on as we dive into these exciting changes, and
discover how the Web3 Wallet is evolving.

## 1\. New Ways to Earn: ‘Simple Yield’ and ‘Yield Plus’

The wallet’s Earn Page has been redesigned with one simple goal: to make
earning via Web3 as easy and effective as possible. Whether you’re a seasoned
user or new to the DeFi scene, our revamped Earn Page has been tailored to
enhance your earning potential. With two distinct sub-sections (‘Simple Yield’
and ‘Yield Plus’) launched on May 20, 2024, we’ve crafted solutions that cater
to different investment styles and levels of engagement. DeFi doesn’t have to
be difficult. Join us as we make unlocking attractive APR as intuitive as
possible.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240524/7d2a2702-89b4-4b3e-94a7-da8a8b1f9943)

### Simple Yield: Streamlined Earning

The ‘Simple Yield’ section within our Earn Page revamp is designed for users
looking for straightforward earnings without the complexity typically found in
decentralized finance (DeFi). With just a few clicks, you can start earning
interest on your digital assets through lending protocols like Venus and Aave.
The Binance Web3 Wallet exists to remove barriers and simplify processes. With
Simple Yield we want users to have a clear path to passive income. It’s all
about convenience, and making DeFi accessible to everyone, regardless of
experience.

### Yield Plus: A Guided Journey to Maximizing APR

At the heart of the wallet’s Earn revamp is ‘Yield Plus’ — a special zone
where we simplify the process of crypto staking and restaking to boost your
APR. Follow our easy, step-by-step guides to layer your yields. Earn on
initial stakes and then restake for compounded returns.

This feature is designed to enhance your investment opportunities within the
decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem. What sets Yield Plus apart is its
innovative approach to guiding users through a series of decentralized
applications (dApps) to layer multiple yields on their initial stakes —
something no other wallet currently offers. This capability not only
simplifies the process, but also multiplies the earning potential, making it a
standout feature for Web3 users.

With Yield Plus, we’re not just facilitating crypto staking and restaking to
boost your Annual Percentage Rate (APR); we’re also pioneering the collection
of points for potential Web3 airdrops and exclusive token giveaways. This is a
first for Binance, and aligns with our mission to make crypto and Web3 more
accessible, and our commitment to the freedom of money.

In short, Yield Plus demystifies often-complex layers of DeFi, helping users
more easily achieve compounded returns. Launched on May 20, 2024, initial
opportunities came from the likes of SolBlaze, Kamino, Marinade, Renzo,
Eigenpie, StakeStone, Lista DAO, and Ondo.

## 2\. Integration of Six More Chains and 61 New dApps

The [_Binance Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet) ’s latest
update isn’t just about enhancing existing features — it’s also about
expanding to include more chains and dApps, significantly broadening your Web3
horizons. This expansion is designed to cater to a diverse range of user needs
and preferences, ensuring that everyone, from beginners to seasoned users, can
find the tools they need.

In our ongoing effort to support Web3, we’ve added six new chains to our
wallet: **BounceBit, Degen Chain, KuCoin Community Chain, Mode Network,
Ronin,** and**the Tabi Testnet**. Each of these was selected for its unique
offerings. These integrations not only increase the versatility of the Web3
Wallet, but also ensure users have access to a wider variety of blockchain
tech.

To complement the new chain integrations, we’ve also incorporated **61 new
decentralized applications (dApps)** into our wallet, providing users with
access to a variety of services.

New dApps include: _Alpha or Beta; Birdeye; Degen Chain; Deri V4; Dexscreener;
DragonVerse; Eddy Finance; Elixir; ExtraFinance; Friend3; GMGN.ai; Glypher;
HyperLiquid; Influpia; Insrt; Karak Network; KIM Exchange; Layer3; League of
Thrones; Mendi Finance; MerlinSwap; Meson Bridge; mint.club; Moonwell; Native;
Overnight Finance; Parcl; Particle; Polyhedra; Pomp; Prime Protocol; QuestN;
Range Protocol; Renzo; Ring Protocol; RogueX; Seamless Protocol; Stargate
Finance; StellaSwap; Sugar; Symbiosis; Symmetry Trade; SynFutures;
TeleOrdinal; Tensor Trade; Thruster; UNCX Network V3; UXUY; Wasabi Protocol;
Whales Market; XRC Market; XY Finance; Zebra; ZetaSwap; zkDX; zkFair._

These integrations exist to enrich the Binance Web3 Wallet experience for
everyone, opening up new possibilities for interaction, investment, and
innovation — with more still to come!

## 3\. Updated Swap Function

Recent Web3 Wallet updates include improvements to our Swap feature,
particularly with the integration of Base Chain, and the addition of the
Jupiter API for optimized Solana swaps.

We’ve expanded the Swap function to include Base Chain, enabling swaps
directly on chain, as well as efficient cross-chain swaps. This enhancement
allows users to trade tokens more smoothly across different networks without
the need for additional bridging.

To further refine your trading experience, we've integrated the Jupiter API,
known as one of the premier swap aggregators on Solana. This addition not only
provides better rates and faster transaction speeds, but also improves the
success rate of transactions. Moreover, it expands access to a wider range of
trading pairs, enhancing the versatility of Solana-based swaps.

Whether you’re an experienced trader or a newcomer, these improvements make
using the Web3 Wallet’s Swap feature even more efficient and user-friendly.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240524/5856fd4d-4ae7-4adb-88d1-3961c383f3bc)

## 4\. Discover Section Redesign & Wallet Personalization

We’ve continued our redesign work on the Discover section to create a more
intuitive and visually appealing user interface when it comes to finding and
exploring dApps.

**New Look and Feel:** The redesigned Discover section features a cleaner
layout that makes navigating the diverse offerings of Web3 dApps a breeze.
We’ve incorporated vibrant visuals and a streamlined interface to ensure you
can find the information you need quickly and easily. Other improvements
include changes to the display of available educational content.

**Highlighted Latest Airdrops and Campaigns:** To keep you up-to-date with the
latest opportunities, we’ve dedicated new banner space for showcasing airdrops
and promotional campaigns. This feature ensures that you don’t miss out on
valuable rewards.

**Top Viewed and Recently Used dApps:** Our Top Viewed section helps you stay
informed about the most popular dApps within the community, while the Recently
Used section provides quick access back to your frequently visited dApps.
Navigating your dApps has never been easier.

Further improving user experience, the Binance Web3 Wallet now also allows you
to modify essential settings directly from the Web3 page. You can adjust your
preferred currency, language, and theme, tailoring a more personalized
experience. This direct access simplifies user interaction, making it quicker
and more efficient without the need to navigate away.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240524/edcac591-7eba-4ab2-b701-52a96d3549a7)

## Final Thoughts

As the Binance Web3 Wallet continues to evolve, we invite you to explore these
new features. Your [_feedback_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-
support/feedback/entry) is crucial in shaping our ongoing improvements, so
please share your thoughts and suggestions as you navigate the updates.
Remember, these enhancements are just part of our commitment to you — our
users. Stay tuned for more updates as we strive to provide you with the most
comprehensive and user-friendly digital asset management tools in the
industry. Together, let’s unlock the full potential of Web3 and help shape the
future of finance.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Introducing Binance Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/introducing-binance-web3-wallet-5931309459106555347)

  * [ _Binance Web3 Wallet Levels Up_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-web3-wallet-levels-up-inscriptions-marketplace-erc404-support--more-711943634081466404)

  * [ _Binance Web3 Wallet: ARC-20 Integration, Taproot, and Other Features_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-web3-wallet-arc20-integration-taproot-and-other-enhanced-features-5897698608861188540)

* * *

**Disclaimer** : _Binance Web3 Wallet is an optional product. It is your
responsibility to determine if this product is suitable for you. Binance is
not responsible for your access or use of third-party applications (including
functionality embedded within the Binance Web3 Wallet) and shall have no
liability whatsoever in connection with your use of such third-party
applications, including, without limitation, any transactions you dispute.
Please carefully review the_[ __Binance Web3 Wallet Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/defiwallet/term-of-use) _and always do your
own research._

194,966,002 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

67

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Web3 Wallet Updates: ‘Simple Yield’, ‘Yield Plus’, and More for May

Main Takeaways

1\. New Ways to Earn: ‘Simple Yield’ and ‘Yield Plus’

2\. Integration of Six More Chains and 61 New dApps

3\. Updated Swap Function

4\. Discover Section Redesign & Wallet Personalization

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,966,002 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

