![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/bitcoin-untuk-perorangan)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/bitcoin-per-persones)
      * [Dansk](/da/bitcoin-for-enkeltpersoner)
      * [Deutsch](/de/bitcoin-fuer-einzelpersonen)
      * [English](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/bitcoin-para-personas)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/bitcoin-pour-particuliers)
      * [Italiano](/it/bitcoin-per-privati)
      * [Magyar](/hu/bitcoin-maganszemelyeknek)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/bitcoin-voor-particulieren)
      * [Polski](/pl/bitcoin-dla-osob-fizycznych)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/bitcoin-para-pessoas)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-persoane-fizice)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/bitcoin-za-posameznike)
      * [Srpski](/sr/bitkoin-za-lica)
      * [Svenska](/sv/bitcoin-for-privatpersoner)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/bireyler-icin-bitcoin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ááááá](/km/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/bitcoin-for-individuals)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Bitcoin for Individuals

Bitcoin is the easiest way to transact at a very low cost.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_mobile.svg?1716491272)

## Mobile payments made easy

Bitcoin when used on a mobile device allows you to pay with a simple two-step
scan-and-pay. There's no need to sign up, swipe your card, type a PIN, or sign
anything. All you need to receive Bitcoin payments is to display the QR code
in your Bitcoin wallet app and let the other party scan your mobile, or touch
the two phones together (using NFC radio technology).

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_lock.svg?1716491272)

## Security and control over your money

Bitcoin transactions are secured by mathematics and energy. [Cryptographic
signatures](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Elliptic_Curve_Digital_Signature_Algorithm)
prevent other people from spending your money. Energy spent by [proof of work
(PoW)](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_work) prevents other people from
undoing, rearranging or losing your transactions. So long as you take the
required steps to [protect your wallet](/en/secure-your-wallet), Bitcoin can
give you control over your money and a strong level of protection against many
types of fraud.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_simple.svg?1716491272)

## Works everywhere, anytime

Similarly to email, you don't need to ask recipients you're sending bitcoin
to, to use the same software, wallets or service providers. You just need
their bitcoin address and then you can transact with them anytime. The Bitcoin
network is always running and never sleeps, even on weekends and holidays.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_international.svg?1716491272)

## Fast international payments

Sending bitcoins across borders is as easy as sending them across the street.
There are no banks to make you wait three business days, no extra fees for
making an international transfer, and no special limitations on the minimum or
maximum amount you can send.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_lowfee.svg?1716491272)

## Choose your own fees

There is no fee to receive bitcoins, and many wallets let you control how
large a fee to pay when spending. Most wallets have reasonable default fees,
and higher fees can encourage faster [confirmation](/en/you-need-to-
know#instant) of your transactions. Fees are unrelated to the amount
transferred, so it's possible to send 100,000 bitcoins for the same fee it
costs to send 1 bitcoin.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_anon.svg?1716491272)

## Protect your identity

With Bitcoin, there's no credit card number that malicious actors can collect
in order to steal from you. In fact, it's even possible in some cases to send
a payment without revealing your identity, almost like with physical money.
You should, however, take note that some effort can be required to [protect
your privacy](/en/protect-your-privacy).

[Get started with Bitcoin](/en/getting-started)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/bitcoin-untuk-perorangan)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/bitcoin-per-persones)
      * [Dansk](/da/bitcoin-for-enkeltpersoner)
      * [Deutsch](/de/bitcoin-fuer-einzelpersonen)
      * [English](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/bitcoin-para-personas)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/bitcoin-pour-particuliers)
      * [Italiano](/it/bitcoin-per-privati)
      * [Magyar](/hu/bitcoin-maganszemelyeknek)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/bitcoin-voor-particulieren)
      * [Polski](/pl/bitcoin-dla-osob-fizycznych)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/bitcoin-para-pessoas)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-persoane-fizice)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/bitcoin-za-posameznike)
      * [Srpski](/sr/bitkoin-za-lica)
      * [Svenska](/sv/bitcoin-for-privatpersoner)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/bireyler-icin-bitcoin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ááááá](/km/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/bitcoin-for-individuals)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/bitcoin-for-individuals)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

