[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Can You Buy Cryptocurrency With A Credit Card?

2022-04-15

## Main Takeaways

  * Credit cards are one of many ways to buy crypto with fiat currency.

  * While credit cards offer convenience and speed, they also come with unique risks. 

  * In this article, you’ll understand the pros, cons, and fees associated with using a credit card to purchase crypto. 

_The answer is yes. Many users prefer credit cards for a variety of reasons.
Here’s why you should consider using one to buy crypto._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220415/43ab29a0-860b-4521-afad-538747a5308f.png)

Some users prefer wallets or bank transfers to buy crypto. These methods incur
the lowest fees, but they can be slow for someone that likes convenience and
speed. In this case, credit cards are the best option. At
[Binance](https://www.binance.com/en), you can [buy
crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=USD) with
everyday fees using a VISA or Mastercard credit card. Alternatively, Binance
also provides crypto purchases via [bank
transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/exchange/deposit/fiat/USD?channel=bank%20transfer),
[fiat deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD), and
[e-wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/other-
channel/buy/USD/BUSD/).

If you’re interested in buying crypto with a credit card, check if your card
issuer and payment network allow the transaction type. Credit card issuers
that block crypto purchases have varying reasons. Capital One, for example,
decided to decline cryptocurrency purchases to protect cardholders from fraud,
losses, and market volatility.

**Note:** To ensure your credit card is suitable, we recommend double-checking
before initiating any crypto transaction with your credit card issuer.

## What Are The Different Types of Credit Card Fees?

Credit card fees come in all shapes and sizes. Below, we’ve outlined the most
common fees you might incur, depending on your situation.

### Transaction fees

Cryptocurrency exchanges charge a small fee for credit or debit card
transactions. This is usually higher than other popular payment methods like
bank transfers. At Binance, we charge one of the lowest fees of up to around
2%. Any additional fees will come from the bank and credit card provider’s
side.

### Cash advance fees

A cash advance is when you borrow cash directly from your credit card
provider. You’ll pay 3-5% of the amount in fees. For instance, a $200 cash
advance would incur $6-10 in fees.

Some credit-card crypto transactions are processed as cash advances. For
instance, American Express charges crypto transactions as a cash advance. In
this situation, you’ll either pay $5 or 10% of the transaction amount,
whichever is greater. So, if you purchase $1,000 in cryptocurrency, you could
be paying a $100 fee to your credit card issuer.

**Note:** Credit cards provide a 20-day grace period to pay off purchases if
you are timely with your monthly balance. Cash advances, however, accrue
interest from day one.

If these fees don’t suit your preference, consider Binance. Since we only
accept VISA and Mastercard credit cards, Binance users will never have to pay
a cash advance fee.

### Foreign transaction fee

Users who [buy crypto with USD via a credit
card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=USD) on a
platform based outside the US are likely to incur a foreign transaction fee.
This scenario also applies to users whose credit cards are issued domestically
but are buying crypto with other fiat-issued currencies. Foreign transaction
fees are typically around 3% of the transaction amount. For example, if you
purchased $1,000 in cryptocurrency, you would pay a $30 fee.

## Why Should I Buy Crypto With a Credit Card?

Now that you understand the fees associated with using a credit card, here are
all the benefits of using one to buy crypto — which often outweigh the cons.

**1\. Credit cards allow you to invest without having cash on hand.  **

Every crypto user knows the market moves fast. A few days could be the
difference between buying a coin at the bottom or, even worse, its peak.
Perhaps your salary might arrive next week. You won’t need to worry if you
have enough cash on hand with a credit card. Just pay your bills at the end of
the month to avoid accruing interest from your credit card provider.

### **2\. Fast and instant**

The speed of credit cards makes it easy for first-time buyers or investors to
purchase crypto with fiat currency. Credit card transactions are completed in
a matter of seconds.

Conversely, bank and wire transfers often take three to eight days. As a
result, the cryptocurrency cannot be moved off the exchange until the
transaction is complete. For investors who are looking to buy the dip in a
[bear market](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/4-strategies-to-consider-
when-investing-in-a-bear-market-421499824684903611) quickly, a credit card is
an ideal choice with the instant speed it offers.

### **3\. Beginner-friendly**

Credit cards are an ideal payment method for beginners who don’t want to
wrestle with the confusing methods on more advanced crypto exchanges. For
crypto beginners especially, checking out with a credit card is familiar.
Simply enter your card number, expiry date, and CVV, and you’re all set. Plus,
credit-card-friendly crypto exchanges and platforms are often very intuitive
and user-friendly.

### **4\. Earn rewards via staking**

“All the transaction fees accumulated will wash out rewards earned from credit
card crypto purchases” — this is a common misconception and depends on how you
use your crypto. Today, many crypto financial products such as staking provide
attractive yields. For some, these products are a powerful passive income
vehicle. For example, you can easily buy crypto with your credit card, then
[stake](https://www.binance.com/en/staking) it on [Binance
Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn) and earn up to 20% APY.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220415/6e02fa39-ae49-4f5f-ad99-47f91ddb3a1c.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

## What Are The Risks of Buying Crypto With a Credit Card?

Now that you know the benefits of using a credit card for crypto, you should
also be aware of the potential risks associated with the process.

### **1\. Your credit card information could be at risk**

Today’s crypto landscape is saturated with exchanges touting their unique
benefits. Some of these exchanges are legitimate businesses. However, many of
these exchanges are scams looking to exploit newcomers or users eager to make
a quick profit. While credit cards have strong fraud protection, every user
should have the ability to identify and steer clear of a scam. At Binance, we
recommend users always do their due diligence before making any crypto
purchase.

### **2\. Your credit score could be impacted**

Credit utilization refers to the amount of credit you use. It’s also a
significant factor in your credit score. The more credit you use, the higher
your credit score. Too much credit, and you’ll damage your credit score. In
the worst case, this damage piles up while you fall behind on your monthly
credit card bills. To avoid this situation, we recommend users only buy what
they can afford to lose. Newcomers especially should start with small amounts
and consider using a dollar-cost averaging strategy via [Recurring
Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto?channel=card&recurring=open).

**Note:** Credit card providers and banks enforce a maximum limit on the
amount of cryptocurrency you can purchase every day. Users who make bulk
crypto purchases should check if they are within their daily limit. Otherwise,
the credit card transaction will be declined.

## How do I Buy Crypto With a Credit Card?

Have you done all the research on your credit card provider? If so, here’s how
you can start buying cryptocurrency on Binance with a credit card.

  * **Step 1:** Log in to your Binance account and click [Buy Crypto], then [[Credit/Debit Card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)].

  * **Step 2:** Choose your fiat currency and enter the fiat amount you would like to purchase. The system will automatically display the amount of crypto you can buy.

  * **Step 3:** Click [Add new card], then enter your credit card details. Please note that you can only pay with your own credit cards.

  * **Step 4:** Enter your billing address and click [Add Card].

  * **Step 5:** Double-check your payment details and confirm the order. 

  * **Note:** After one minute, Binance will recalculate the price and the amount of crypto you receive. You can click [Refresh] to see the latest market price.

  * **Step 6:** You will be redirected to your bank's OTP Transaction Page. Follow the on-screen instructions to verify the payment.

Read our [step-by-step
guide](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5)
to learn how you can easily buy crypto via credit card on Binance.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220415/49b0800d-b794-466c-a11f-fa48afa27d53.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

If you want to [dollar-cost average
(DCA)](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/dollar-cost-averaging) your
crypto portfolio or automate your crypto buys with a credit card, you can
consider using [Recurring Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR&recurring=open). It allows you to set a weekly,
bi-weekly, or monthly plan and the coin and amount you want to purchase on a
recurring basis. For more information, read [How To Grow Your Crypto Portfolio
with Recurring Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-grow-your-
crypto-portfolio-with-recurring-buy-421499824684903346).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220415/a2f7b891-35d6-4c21-ab80-af55e878f74b.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR&recurring=open)

## Bottomline

A credit card is just one of many ways to buy crypto. Although credit cards
incur higher transaction fees, they are simple, instant, and don’t require
cash on hand. Users who prefer a more cost-effective approach can consider
using a bank transfer. However, unlike credit cards, bank transfers often take
days to process. Before you pick a suitable payment method, it’s crucial to
educate yourself on the pros and cons of each one.

**Ready to start your crypto journey with Binance?**

Sign up for a[ Binance
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the[ Binance
crypto trading
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Next,[ verify your
account](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile) today. Once your
account is verified, there are three main ways to buy cryptocurrencies on
Binance using fiat: you can buy crypto with fiat from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels or e-wallets options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto).

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.  

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220415/8827b8c3-0f08-4536-a096-22b390018f0f.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

_Disclaimer: Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk. Binance
is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and statements
made below should not be considered financial advice and are shown to
illustrate an example. They are not intended to serve as investment advice or
recommendation.  _

Read the following articles for more information:

  * (Support)[ How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [How to Buy Bitcoin with Credit or Debit Card on Binance](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-buy-bitcoin-with-credit-or-debit-card-on-binance-421499824684901656)

  * (Blog) [What Are The Different Fiat or Payment Channels Available?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/what-are-the-different-fiat-or-payment-channels-available-421499824684902838)

  * (Blog) [How To Grow Your Crypto Portfolio with Recurring Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-grow-your-crypto-portfolio-with-recurring-buy-421499824684903346)

  * (Blog)[Sell Crypto To Credit/Debit Card in 4 Steps](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/sell-crypto-to-creditdebit-card-in-4-steps-421499824684903407)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Can You Buy Cryptocurrency With A Credit Card?

Main Takeaways

What Are The Different Types of Credit Card Fees?

Why Should I Buy Crypto With a Credit Card?

What Are The Risks of Buying Crypto With a Credit Card?

How do I Buy Crypto With a Credit Card?

Bottomline

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

