![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/yang-perlu-anda-ketahui)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/necessites-saber)
      * [Dansk](/da/du-boer-vide)
      * [Deutsch](/de/das-sollten-sie-wissen)
      * [English](/en/you-need-to-know)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/debes-saber)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/vous-devez-savoir)
      * [Italiano](/it/da-sapere)
      * [Magyar](/hu/amit-tudnia-erdemes)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/wat-u-moet-weten)
      * [Polski](/pl/co-potrzebujesz-wiedziec)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/voce-precisa-saber)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/ce-trebuie-sa-stii)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/kaj-moram-vedeti)
      * [Srpski](/sr/trebali-bi-da-znate)
      * [Svenska](/sv/du-behover-kanna-till)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/bilmeniz-gerekenler)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/you-need-to-know)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/you-need-to-know)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/you-need-to-know)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/you-need-to-know)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/you-need-to-know)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/you-need-to-know)
      * [ááááá](/km/you-need-to-know)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/you-need-to-know)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/you-need-to-know)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/you-need-to-know)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Some things you need to know

If you're getting started with Bitcoin, there are a few things you should
know. Bitcoin lets you exchange money and transact in a different way than you
normally do. As such, you should take time to inform yourself before using
Bitcoin for any serious transaction. Bitcoin should be treated with the same
care as your regular wallet, or even more in some cases!

![icon](/img/icons/securing.svg?1716491272)

## Securing your wallet

Like in real life, your wallet must be secured. Bitcoin makes it possible to
transfer value anywhere in a very easy way and it allows you to be in control
of your money. Such great features also come with great security concerns. At
the same time, Bitcoin can provide very high levels of security if used
correctly. Always remember that it is your responsibility to adopt good
practices in order to protect your money. [Read more about securing your
wallet](/en/secure-your-wallet).

![icon](/img/icons/bitcoin-price.svg?1716491272)

## Bitcoin price is volatile

The price of a bitcoin can unpredictably increase or decrease over a short
period of time due to its young economy, novel nature, and sometimes illiquid
markets. Consequently, keeping your savings with Bitcoin is not recommended at
this point. Bitcoin should be seen like a high risk asset, and you should
never store money that you cannot afford to lose with Bitcoin. If you receive
payments with Bitcoin, many service providers can convert them to your local
currency.

![icon](/img/icons/bitcoin-payments.svg?1716491272)

## Bitcoin payments are irreversible

A Bitcoin transaction cannot be reversed, it can only be refunded by the
person receiving the funds. This means you should take care to do business
with people and organizations you know and trust, or who have an established
reputation. For their part, businesses need to keep track of the payment
requests they are displaying to their customers. Bitcoin can detect typos and
usually won't let you send money to an invalid address by mistake, but it's
best to have controls in place for additional safety and redundancy.
Additional services might exist in the future to provide more choice and
protection for both businesses and consumers.

![icon](/img/icons/not-anonymous.svg?1716491272)

## Bitcoin is not anonymous

Some effort is required to protect your privacy with Bitcoin. All Bitcoin
transactions are stored publicly and permanently on the network, which means
anyone can see the balance and transactions of any Bitcoin address. However,
the identity of the user behind an address remains unknown until information
is revealed during a purchase or in other circumstances. This is one reason
why Bitcoin addresses should only be used once. Always remember that it is
your responsibility to adopt good practices in order to protect your privacy.
[Read more about protecting your privacy](/en/protect-your-privacy).

Confirmations | Lightweight wallets | [Bitcoin Core](/en/download)  
---|---|---  
0 | Only safe if you trust the person paying you  
1 | Somewhat reliable | Mostly reliable  
3 | Mostly reliable | Highly reliable  
6 | Minimum recommendation for high-value bitcoin transfers  
30 | Recommendation during [emergencies](/en/alerts) to allow human intervention  
  
## Unconfirmed transactions aren't secure

Transactions don't start out as irreversible. Instead, they get a
_confirmation_ score that indicates how hard it is to reverse them (see
table). Each confirmation takes between a few seconds and 90 minutes, with 10
minutes being the average. If the transaction pays too low a fee or is
otherwise atypical, getting the first confirmation can take much longer.

![icon](/img/icons/experimental.svg?1716491272)

## Bitcoin is still experimental

Bitcoin is an experimental new currency that is in active development. Each
improvement makes Bitcoin more appealing but also reveals new challenges as
Bitcoin adoption grows. During these growing pains you might encounter
increased fees, slower confirmations, or even more severe issues. Be prepared
for problems and consult a technical expert before making any major
investments, but keep in mind that nobody can predict Bitcoin's future.

![icon](/img/icons/taxes.svg?1716491272)

## Government taxes and regulations

Bitcoin is not an official currency. That said, most jurisdictions still
require you to pay income, sales, payroll, and capital gains taxes on anything
that has value, including bitcoins. It is your responsibility to ensure that
you adhere to [tax and other legal or regulatory
mandates](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Legality_of_bitcoin_by_country) issued
by your government and/or local municipalities.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/yang-perlu-anda-ketahui)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/necessites-saber)
      * [Dansk](/da/du-boer-vide)
      * [Deutsch](/de/das-sollten-sie-wissen)
      * [English](/en/you-need-to-know)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/debes-saber)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/vous-devez-savoir)
      * [Italiano](/it/da-sapere)
      * [Magyar](/hu/amit-tudnia-erdemes)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/wat-u-moet-weten)
      * [Polski](/pl/co-potrzebujesz-wiedziec)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/voce-precisa-saber)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/ce-trebuie-sa-stii)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/kaj-moram-vedeti)
      * [Srpski](/sr/trebali-bi-da-znate)
      * [Svenska](/sv/du-behover-kanna-till)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/bilmeniz-gerekenler)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/you-need-to-know)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/you-need-to-know)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/you-need-to-know)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/you-need-to-know)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/you-need-to-know)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/you-need-to-know)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/you-need-to-know)
      * [ááááá](/km/you-need-to-know)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/you-need-to-know)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/you-need-to-know)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/you-need-to-know)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

