[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vbXktZmlyc3QtYmxvZy1hcy1iaW5hbmNlcy1jZW8tMjg4NzI5NDY0MjAxNjg5MDgwMz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vbXktZmlyc3QtYmxvZy1hcy1iaW5hbmNlcy1jZW8tMjg4NzI5NDY0MjAxNjg5MDgwMz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# My First Blog as Binance’s CEO

2023-11-27

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231127/04ceb56c-d5a3-4e4a-b57a-2ffc4920a3c1)

As I have said on Twitter earlier, it is an honor and with the deepest
humility that I step into the role of Binance’s CEO, succeeding the visionary
founder of this incredible company. Over the past six years, Binance has laid
a foundation that has positioned it for decades of continued growth and
success. Now, my role is to lead our talented and committed team into that
future while respecting and learning from the past. This, together with the
trust placed on us by our 160M+ users, are heavy responsibilities that I take
seriously.

A cornerstone of this organization has always been the idea that innovation
should bring value to users. The best way to put this principle into practice
– the Binance way – is to consistently deliver best-in-class products that
people use and find valuable. As Binance’s new CEO, I am determined to keep
steady on this course. We will remain committed to product excellence as we
continue to blaze the trail of financial innovation.

I accepted this role with the support of CZ and our leadership team. My
commitment is to work tirelessly so that we can meet and exceed the
expectations of all stakeholders while achieving our core mission: the freedom
of money. With three decades of financial services and regulatory experience
under my belt, I understand the unique challenges and opportunities that our
industry presents, and I am dedicated to steering us through crypto winters
and summers alike.

We have turned the page on Binance’s historical challenges and we are, in
fact, stronger today than we have ever been. Over the course of the past two
years, Binance has systematically worked to address its past compliance issues
through a series of significant efforts to recruit, hire, and retain the right
personnel to strengthen Binance’s compliance program and culture.

As an industry, we require more focus than ever on collaborating with
policymakers. Only then may we effectively contribute to the development of a
globally harmonized regulatory framework that will foster innovation while
providing critical consumer protections. I am eager to work with my peers
across the industry on this critical effort and know that our voice will be
heard more loudly when we’re united.

## To Our Users

Deeply embedded in Binance’s DNA is the relentless focus on you, our users.
You have my word that I will do everything in my power to ensure that you
remain the center of all that we do. You should feel confident in the
financial strength, security, and safety of the company.

I am fortunate to be taking on the leadership of a business whose fundamentals
are **very** strong. Not only does Binance continue to operate the world's
largest cryptocurrency exchange by volume but our capital structure is debt-
free, our expenses are modest, and, despite the low transaction fees we charge
our users, we have robust revenues and profits.

But most importantly, we take our responsibility as a custodian very seriously
and maintain 1:1 backing for every user asset. Your assets are protected.

From our proof-of-reserves system, which we have continuously improved since
it was first implemented more than 12 months ago, to our Secure Asset Fund for
Users (SAFU) emergency fund, we are committed to ensuring you feel secure in
the integrity of our platform.

## The Future of Web3

I am deeply committed to the promise of blockchain, such as the opportunities
for increased financial inclusion, cross-border remittances, and reduced
transaction costs. I also see the opportunity to empower individuals to have
more control over their personal data and to foster innovation through
decentralized applications. To that end, I intend to drive growth and the
adoption of Web3, continuing efforts to build an ecosystem that provides
access to world-changing financial technologies.

Making this ambitious vision of a better Web a reality will be impossible
without promoting regulatory innovation in a collaborative way. I believe that
the years spent at the helm of the Abu Dhabi Global Market, one of the UAE’s
foremost international financial centers, equipped me for this component of my
new job really well. I am proud to have driven the creation of what is widely
regarded as one of the most progressive and forward-thinking regulatory
regimes for digital assets in the world. Undoubtedly, this experience gives me
the nuanced perspective on the regulatory landscape necessary to lead Binance
into the new chapter of its history.

I am eager to jump headfirst into my new role and know there will be many more
opportunities for me to share my thoughts with the community through blogs
like this one, through my social media accounts –
[_Twitter_](https://twitter.com/_RichardTeng) ,
[_LinkedIn_](https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-teng-3497b527/) – and through
the many industry conferences and events around the world.

As we usher in the next phase of Binance’s responsible growth, I am excited
for the opportunity to engage in a meaningful conversation with global
policymakers, to ensure crypto investors remain confident in the industry’s
future, and to engage and educate the next billion users so that we may work
to ensure the long-term sustainability of crypto.

Please support me in this journey.

Stay tuned. You will hear from me again here soon!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Bio: Richard Teng, Binance’s New CEO_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/bio-richard-teng-binances-new-ceo-6819833624741779461)

  * [ _Binance Announcement: Reaching Resolution With U.S. Regulators_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-announcement-reaching-resolution-with-us-regulators-2904832835382364558)

194,991,963 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

My First Blog as Binance’s CEO

To Our Users

The Future of Web3

Further Reading

194,991,963 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

