This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

[Home](/validated)[Episodes](/validated/episodes)

[](https://feeds.simplecast.com/W1NI2v3Z)[](/twitter)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-podcast-
logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=384&q=75)

# The Restaking Thesis w/ Sreeram Kannan (Eigen Labs)

April 9th, 2024 | 63:49

[Recast](https://recast.simplecast.com/bd7bdb92-2b77-4a44-b928-7ba6f03140d3)Subscribe[Download
MP3](https://chrt.fm/track/4G278/afp-12483-injected.calisto.simplecastaudio.com/a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef/episodes/bd7bdb92-2b77-4a44-b928-7ba6f03140d3/audio/128/default.mp3?awCollectionId=a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef&awEpisodeId=bd7bdb92-2b77-4a44-b928-7ba6f03140d3)

## Episode Summary

In this episode, Austin chats with Sreeram Kannan (Eigen Labs) about
EigenLayer's vision for restaking. Sreeram argues that restaking is merely a
way of making proof-of-stake networks more programmable, addressing the
economic and architectural considerations required to make the restaking
thesis work. The conversation also elucidates the relationship between
EigenLayer and the Ethereum L1, particularly in the context of settlement and
data availability, and how restaking may also one day be applied to
blockchains outside the Ethereum ecosystem.

## Episode Notes

In this episode, Austin chats with Sreeram Kannan (Eigen Labs) about
EigenLayer's vision for restaking. Sreeram argues that restaking is merely a
way of making proof-of-stake networks more programmable, addressing the
economic and architectural considerations required to make the restaking
thesis work. The conversation also elucidates the relationship between
EigenLayer and the Ethereum L1, particularly in the context of settlement and
data availability, and how restaking may also one day be applied to
blockchains outside the Ethereum ecosystem.



DISCLAIMER

The content herein is provided for educational, informational, and
entertainment purposes only, and does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, options, futures, or other
derivatives related to securities in any jurisdiction, nor should not be
relied upon as advice to buy, sell or hold any of the foregoing. This content
is intended to be general in nature and is not specific to you, the user or
anyone else. You should not make any decision, financial, investment, trading
or otherwise, based on any of the information presented without undertaking
independent due diligence and consultation with a professional advisor.
Solana Foundation Foundation and its agents, advisors, council members,
officers and employees (the “Foundation Parties”) make no representation or
warranties, expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of the information herein
and expressly disclaims any and all liability that may be based on such
information or any errors or omissions therein. The Foundation Parties shall
have no liability whatsoever, under contract, tort, trust or otherwise, to any
person arising from or related to the content or any use of the information
contained herein by you or any of your representatives. All opinions expressed
herein are the speakers’ own personal opinions and do not reflect the opinions
of any entities.  

Show ContributorsSreeram Kannan

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%27640%27%20height=%27640%27/%3e)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-
podcast-logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=1920&q=75)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=690f9b81-9488-4271-a735-3444be92a49e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=3604a130-23d2-4e7e-847e-d287a8db2416&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fsolana.com%2Fvalidated%2Fepisodes%2Fthe-
restaking-thesis-w-sreeram-kannan-eigen-
labs&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o6jgu&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=690f9b81-9488-4271-a735-3444be92a49e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=3604a130-23d2-4e7e-847e-d287a8db2416&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fsolana.com%2Fvalidated%2Fepisodes%2Fthe-
restaking-thesis-w-sreeram-kannan-eigen-
labs&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o6jgu&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

