[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

[Helium is now on Solana! The Helium Network has completed its
migration.![Diagonal
Arrow](/_next/static/media/roadmaparrowwhite.2eb6ecaf.svg)](https://blog.helium.com/a-new-
era-for-helium-begins-with-upgrade-to-solana-blockchain-88b742276ec1)

# People-Powered Networks.

## Start a Wireless Revolution

The Helium Network represents a paradigm shift for decentralized wireless
infrastructure.

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)

![Black
Tiles](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbase.4e1b6b1a.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Lines connecting images](/_next/static/media/linesnon.1a7bf82c.svg)

![Hotspot with Portraits of
Owners](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ftopmain.4bd0b87a.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Markers showing tracking dog and
package](/_next/static/media/marker1.862bb2cf.svg)

#### NETWORK AT A GLANCE

#### TOTAL HOTSPOTS

### 995,090

#### CIRCULATING HNT SUPPLY

### 165,430,028

[View Network Coverage](https://explorer.helium.com)

  * ![NOWi Logo](/_next/static/media/nowi.3500d47d.svg)

## “Our devices monitor water usage and help with leak detection. For us,
Helium is essential because the cost of and the barriers to installing a
gateway to every single deployment would make those deployments much more
difficult.”

Charles Fayal, Co-Founder

  * ![Open Logo](/_next/static/media/open.f52bbc01.svg)

## “Helium and the team at Nova Labs are always there for us, and we are
looking forward to its new generation of technologies to see how we can help
our customer base and to grow our business.”

George Newman, Founder and CEO

  * ![M3 Logo](/_next/static/media/m3.49e2a019.svg)

## “M3 relies on Helium to provide the backbone for our business’s digital
services, both internally for our own needs as well as externally to those of
our customers.”

Nathan Moses-Gonzales, CEO

  * ![Code Point Logo](/_next/static/media/codepoint.ae866abc.svg)

## “The smaller size, long battery life and coverage beginning to approach
cellular in certain regions makes Helium-based devices a potential disruptor
for solutions such as tracking loved ones, packages, and even pets.”

Michael Mathews, Co-Founder and President

  * ![Sensgreen Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsensgreen.bca1e23e.png&w=640&q=75)

## “The Helium Network enables us a low-cost network and peace of mind in
connectivity and we utilize the Network on various university campuses, smart
city applications, and workplace solutions.”

Hasan Basri Tosun, Co-Founder and CEO

  * ![Skiply Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fskiply.2a5d2e11.png&w=256&q=75)

## “Thanks to the Helium Network, we can offer years of battery life. This is
key for our business, as we provide survey terminals that can be placed
anywhere, even when there is no power outlet in the area.”

Jérôme Chambard, CEO

  * ![Decent Lab Logo](/_next/static/media/decentlab.34b85e2c.svg)

## “The Helium Network’s extended coverage lowers entry barriers for IoT
deployment and rollouts, helping our customers in more than 70 countries to
get their solutions up and running faster.”

Reinhard Bischoff, CEO

  * ![Lonestar Tracking Logo](/_next/static/media/lonestar.9f850a3f.svg)

## With Helium, we can easily deploy a network of gateways to provide coverage
around a ranch or area of interest instead of waiting months or years for a
cellular tower to be built, which ultimately may never happen.”

Thomas Remmert, Co-Founder and CTO

  * ![Communityfi Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcommunityfi.9bc6cda6.png&w=384&q=75)

## “Communityfi.io chose Helium because it is the only network that enables
our mission: To improve critical community services such as farms and food
pantries through technology like refrigeration monitoring and vehicle
tracking. Thanks to Helium we are able to make a positive impact in the world
and do so without taking resources away from those in need.”

Eugene McGrath, Co-Founder

  * ![Trackpac Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ftrackpac.cc90149d.png&w=640&q=75)

## “Thanks to Helium's global coverage, we've been able to develop an asset
tracking app that works with all existing LoRaWAN GPS trackers. This has
allowed us to expand our business daily, with some major brands in the
pipeline.”

Neil Skoglund, CEO

  * ![Biomine Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbiomine.205f56fa.png&w=384&q=75)

## “We started our Helium project in September of 2021 and have huge plans
with the Network. Our main goal is to deploy 10K hotspots.”

Fabrizio Amodio, CEO

  * ![Logo](/_next/static/media/levelll.3f60cb6e.svg)

## “Previous solutions weren’t scaling well, so we began testing the Helium
Network in Q3 2021, discovered the coverage was massive, and started deploying
production devices Q1 2022.”

Viktor Kanchev, CEO

  * ![CHOOVIO Logo](/_next/static/media/choovio.319746da.svg)

## “CHOOVIO utilizes the Helium Network as a new method of deploying,
maintaining, and capitalizing on physical wireless infrastructure. Our
solutions + Helium provide everything needed to build a complete end-to-end
IoT network.”

Farhad Arvin, Founder

  * ![Dronedek Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdronedek.9c9a957a.png&w=640&q=75)

## “We are about to launch our first full pilot program in which we will be
using the Helium Network for equipment monitoring, as well as monitoring and
tracking services for packages, drones, robotics, and even lost pets.”

Lora O'Toole, VP of Business Development

  * ![Airly Logo](/_next/static/media/airly.4344dc80.svg)

## “When a client installs one of our Helium capable units, the device will
communicate the data over the Helium Network by connecting to the closest
Helium hotspot, taking advantage of the network's massive coverage.”

Ray Caccavale, US Manager

  * ![Brdot Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbrdot.910ce18c.png&w=384&q=75)

## “Since summer 2021, we have been working to introduce Helium to the Latin
American IoT market. We’re currently developing an agricultural project using
Helium that aims to reduce costs and increase operational efficiency.”

Gabriel Marques, Co-Founder

  * ![Atom Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fatom.6b49df21.png&w=256&q=75)

## “We design and manufacture our own Helium-compatible IoT devices for the
African market, including an Animal Movement Tracker that is used to send
early warning notifications via the Helium Network for possible animal theft
or attacks from wild animals.”

Pieter de Wet, Enterprise Asset Manager

  * ![NOWi Logo](/_next/static/media/nowi.3500d47d.svg)

## “Our devices monitor water usage and help with leak detection. For us,
Helium is essential because the cost of and the barriers to installing a
gateway to every single deployment would make those deployments much more
difficult.”

Charles Fayal, Co-Founder

  * ![Open Logo](/_next/static/media/open.f52bbc01.svg)

## “Helium and the team at Nova Labs are always there for us, and we are
looking forward to its new generation of technologies to see how we can help
our customer base and to grow our business.”

George Newman, Founder and CEO

## Latest News Update

[![Orange
Background](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnewsorange.db19874e.png&w=1080&q=75)Network
ScalabilityHelium Network boosts speed and reliability with upgrade to Solana
Blockchain](https://blog.helium.com/a-new-era-for-helium-begins-with-upgrade-
to-solana-blockchain-88b742276ec1)[![Purple
Background](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnewspurple.3485fd67.png&w=1080&q=75)Mobile
CarrierNova Labs and T-Mobile Collaborate on Cryptocarrier, Helium
Mobile](https://www.webwire.com/ViewPressRel.asp?aId=294475)[![Blue
Background](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnewsblue.718f9870.png&w=1080&q=75)Coverage
IntegrationHelium Connects Senet Customers in
NYC](https://senetco.com/about/news/senet-and-the-helium-network-expand-
integration-to-deliver-lorawan-connectivity-and-managed-network-services-
globally)[![Teal
Background](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnewsteal.356e81b4.png&w=1080&q=75)Roaming
PartnerActility and Helium Announce Roaming
Integration](https://www.actility.com/nova-labs-helium-roaming)

# Mine.

## Build the Future of Wireless

By deploying a Helium Hotspot in your home, office, or elsewhere in the wild,
you can provide your town with wireless network coverage for low power
“internet of things” or cellular devices and earn Helium tokens.

[Learn More](/mine)

![Helium
Hotspots](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fminer4.d9ba3645.png&w=1920&q=75)

#### BYE BYE GPU MINING

Mining Helium tokens with Hotspots is done via radio technology, not expensive
or wasteful GPUs.

#### Build Networks

Hotspots work together to form a new global wireless network and undertake
'Proof-of-Coverage'.

####  Choose your Hardware

Hotspots are built by a variety of vendors to suit your needs.

![Diagram showing potential hotstop
usage](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fuseheader.342c5e01.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

# Use.

## Massive, Decentralized Connectivity

Hundreds of companies and thousands of developers are already building on The
People's Network, the world's largest LoRaWAN network and fastest growing
cellular network.

Thousands of existing solutions, sensors, devices and gateways can be easily
configured to run on both the Helium cellular and global LoRaWAN networks.

[Use the Network](/lorawan)

#### AN OPEN ALTERNATIVE

The People's Network is built on Open Source technology and governed by its
worldwide community with stewardship from the Helium Foundation.

#### SCALABLE & AFFORDABLE

Say goodbye to expensive cell contracts. On Helium a sensor can cost cents to
run a year.

#### LORAWAN-COMPATIBLE

Utilize thousands of existing sensors, chipsets and MCUs for streamlined
development.

#### Helium is used by:

![Agulus Logo](/_next/static/media/agulus.74261453.svg)

![Airly Logo](/_next/static/media/airly.848f36e8.svg)

![NOWi Logo](/_next/static/media/nowi.767dc29a.svg)

![Digital Matter Logo](/_next/static/media/digitalmatter.076dd618.svg)

![Lonestar Logo](/_next/static/media/lonestar.2d22c78b.svg)

![One Planet Education Network Logo](/_next/static/media/open.060b8807.svg)

![My Devices Logo](/_next/static/media/mydevices.e999cf30.svg)

![Care Band Logo](/_next/static/media/careband.2bb34bf6.svg)

![Mimiq Logo](/_next/static/media/mimiq_black.17fab440.svg)

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

