[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvdW5sb2NrLWJ1c2luZXNzLW9wcG9ydHVuaXRpZXMtd2l0aC1iaW5hbmNlLWdpZnQtY2FyZC1zb2x1dGlvbnMtMjc0NTk1MDk1MTE4MDA2NDY0Mz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvdW5sb2NrLWJ1c2luZXNzLW9wcG9ydHVuaXRpZXMtd2l0aC1iaW5hbmNlLWdpZnQtY2FyZC1zb2x1dGlvbnMtMjc0NTk1MDk1MTE4MDA2NDY0Mz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Unlock Business Opportunities With Binance Gift Card Solutions

2023-01-31

## **Main Takeaways**

  * Crypto gift cards have been rising in popularity as a way to buy or transfer crypto.

  * Binance Gift Cards offer a solution for businesses that wish to leverage crypto to expand their user base and strengthen consumer loyalty.

  * Find out how to create and manage your own crypto gift cards in bulk.

_From crypto payroll distribution to instant gift card generation via API
integration, find out how Binance Gift Card can help your busesins expand._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230801/09773956-8ae9-480a-8334-0ac5d5db8d0c)

With the ability to securely transfer funds between parties, cryptocurrencies
offer businesses a secure and cost-effective way to conduct transactions
worldwide. [_Binance Gift Card_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-
card/business)  offers a solution for business owners to create and monitor
crypto gift cards in bulk.

## **Digital Gift Cards**

Some projections put the size of the rapidly expanding digital gift market at
as much as $639.90 billion by 2026. Consumers are increasingly opting for
digital gift cards (including crypto gift cards) as an on-ramp crypto transfer
tool, thanks to the convenience of sending and using them. This has resulted
in a greater demand for gift cards as digital vouchers and enterprise
solutions.

To cater to the needs of our users, Binance Gift Card has recently re-launched
its [_Business page_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/business) to
support both small-scale retailers and large corporate businesses. Guided by
our user-first philosophy, the revamped page contains the following product
features that we believe can help your business stand out from the
crowd:**Bulk Create** and **Gift Card API**.

## **Three Ways to Use Binance Gift Cards**

Here are a few suggestions on how to use Binance Gift Cards for your business
needs.

### **1\. Resell with Bulk Create**

You can create hundreds of Binance Gift Cards in just a few minutes with our
[_Bulk Create_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/create-card) function.
Use this function to start your reselling business and earn profits when you
sell crypto gift cards at your preferred price and cryptocurrency.
Alternatively, build a loyal customer base by creating Gift Card rewards in
bulk to attract crypto enthusiasts worldwide.

### **2\. Check your business’s assets with Gift Card API**

[ _Connect to the Binance Gift Card
API_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-download-and-set-up-
binance-gift-card-api-af014f44f45845debf79b4cf81333a25) to instantly create
and redeem Gift Cards and check your account balance. You can send and resell
Gift Cards anytime, anywhere. Set up your crypto business right from the
comfort of your home.

Have a business up and running? Consider Binance Gift Card as an alternative
solution to salary payout. Binance Gift Cards allow you to do so securely and
conveniently; find out how on the [_Binance Gift Card Business
page_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/business).

### **3\. Other business solutions**

Unlock new opportunities and transform the way you do business with crypto
gift cards. Become a [_Binance Gift Card
merchant_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-become-a-binance-
gift-card-partner-119a50f681d24dca8014f60698a2dbea) today!

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230801/86bb744c-286b-4a0b-9e84-dbf4ed7a9f79)

## **Become a Binance Gift Card Merchant**

Whether you’re looking for a new income stream via crypto reselling or trying
to expand your customer base, Binance Gift Card has a solution for you. Ready
to start growing your business? Reach out to us at our email,
[_giftcard@binance.com_](mailto:giftcard@binance.com).

## **Further Reading**

  * [ _Merchant page_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/merchant)

  * [ _How to Become a Binance Gift Card Merchant_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-become-a-binance-gift-card-partner-119a50f681d24dca8014f60698a2dbea)

  * [ _How to Create and Send Binance Gift Cards_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

 _Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or change or
cancel this announcement at any time and for any reasons without prior
notice._



_**Risk Disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrencies are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives, and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our  _[_Terms of
Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _Risk
Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._



195,060,461 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Unlock Business Opportunities With Binance Gift Card Solutions

Main Takeaways

Digital Gift Cards

Three Ways to Use Binance Gift Cards

Become a Binance Gift Card Merchant

Further Reading

195,060,461 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

