![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/ro/)

  * Introducere
    * [Persoane fizice](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-persoane-fizice)
    * [Companii](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-companii)
    * [Dezvoltatori](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [NoÈiuni de bazÄ](/ro/notiuni-de-baza)
    * [Cum funcÈioneazÄ](/ro/cum-functioneaza)
  * Resurse
    * [Resurse](/ro/resurse)
    * [Exchanges](/ro/schimburi)
    * [Comunitate](/ro/comunitate)
    * [Vocabular](/ro/vocabular)
    * [Evenimente](/ro/evenimente)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/ro/descarca)
  * [InovaÅ£ie](/ro/inovatie)
  * ParticipÄ
    * [SusÅ£ine Bitcoin](/ro/sustine-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/ro/cumpara)
    * [Dezvoltare](/ro/dezvoltare)
  * [ÃntrebÄri Frecvente](/ro/intrebari-frecvente)

  * RomÃ¢nÄ
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/pilih-wallet-anda)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/tria-el-teu-moneder)
      * [Dansk](/da/vaelg-din-tegnebog)
      * [Deutsch](/de/waehlen-sie-ihre-wallet)
      * [English](/en/choose-your-wallet)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/elige-tu-monedero)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/choisir-votre-porte-monnaie)
      * [Italiano](/it/scegli-il-tuo-portafoglio)
      * [Magyar](/hu/valasszon-penztarcat)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/kies-uw-portemonnee)
      * [Polski](/pl/wybierz-swoj-portfel)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/escolha-sua-carteira)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/alege-portofelul)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/izberite-denarnico)
      * [Srpski](/sr/izaberite-vas-novcanik)
      * [Svenska](/sv/valj-din-planbok)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/cuzdaninizi-secin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/choose-your-wallet)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/choose-your-wallet)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/choose-your-wallet)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ááááá](/km/choose-your-wallet)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/choose-your-wallet)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: ro

# Alege un portofel Bitcoin

Gaseste-ti portofelul si poti incepe sa faci plati cu firme si alti
utilizatori

![people and wallet](/img/helper/helper-illustration.svg)

## Let's help you find a bitcoin wallet.

Answer the following questions to create a list of wallets that meet your
needs.

Skip helper Next

## Whatâs your operating system?

Change

### Mobile wallets

![android](/img/os/wallet_menu_android.svg)
![android](/img/os/wallet_menu_android_bright.svg)

![ios](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac.svg) ![ios](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac_bright.svg)

Portable and convenient; ideal when making transactions face-to-face

Designed to use QR codes to make quick and seamless transactions

App marketplaces can delist/remove wallet making it difficult to receive
future updates

Damage or loss of device can potentially lead to loss of funds

### Desktop wallets

![linux](/img/os/wallet_menu_linux.svg)
![linux](/img/os/wallet_menu_linux_bright.svg)

![mac](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac.svg) ![mac](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac_bright.svg)

![windows](/img/os/wallet_menu_windows.svg)
![windows](/img/os/wallet_menu_windows_bright.svg)

Environment enables users to have complete control over funds

Some desktop wallets offer hardware wallet support, or can operate as full
nodes

Difficult to utilize QR codes when making transactions

Susceptible to bitcoin-stealing malware/spyware/viruses

### Hardware wallets

![hardware](/img/os/wallet_menu_hardware.svg)
![hardware](/img/os/wallet_menu_hardware_bright.svg)

One of the most secure methods to store funds

Ideal for storing large amounts of bitcoin

Difficult to use while mobile; not designed for scanning QR codes

Loss of device without proper backup can make funds unrecoverable

Skip helper Next

## How much do you know about Bitcoin?

Change

![plant & bitcoin](/img/icons/plant.svg)

New

Show wallets ideal for new users.

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

or

![trees & bitcoin](/img/icons/trees.svg)

Experienced

Show all of the wallets.

Skip helper

Next

##  Which criteria are important to you?

(Optional)

Change

Control

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets give you full control over your bitcoin. This means no third
party can freeze or take away your funds. You are still responsible, however,
for securing and backing up your wallet.

Validation

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets have the ability to operate as a full node. This means no trust
in a third party is required when processing transactions. Full nodes provide
a high level of security, but they require a large amount of memory.

Transparency

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets are open-source and can be built deterministically, a process of
compiling software which ensures the resulting code can be reproduced to help
ensure it hasn't been tampered with.

Environment

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets can be loaded on computers which are vulnerable to malware.
Securing your computer, using a strong passphrase, moving most of your funds
to cold store or enabling 2FA or multifactor authentication can help you
protect your bitcoin.

Privacy

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets make it harder to spy on your transactions by rotating addresses.
They do not disclose information to peers on the network. They can also
optionally let you setup and use Tor as a proxy to prevent others from
associating transactions with your IP address.

Fees

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets give you full control over setting the fee paid to the bitcoin
network before making a transaction, or modifying it afterward, to ensure that
your transactions are confirmed in a timely manner without paying more than
you have to.

Skip helper

Next

## What features are you looking for?

(Optional)

Change

2FA

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Two-factor authentication (2FA) is a way to add additional security to your
wallet. The first 'factor' is your password for your wallet. The second
'factor' is a verification code retrieved via text message or from an app on a
mobile device. 2FA is conceptually similar to a security token device that
banks in some countries require for online banking. It likely requires relying
on the availability of a third party to provide the service.

Bech32

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Bech32 is a special address format made possible by SegWit (see the feature
description for SegWit for more info). This address format is also known as
'bc1 addresses'. Some bitcoin wallets and services do not yet support sending
or receiving to Bech32 addresses.

Full Node

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets fully validate transactions and blocks. Almost all full nodes
help the network by accepting transactions and blocks from other full nodes,
validating those transactions and blocks, and then relaying them to further
full nodes.

Hardware Wallet

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets can pair and connect to a hardware wallet in addition to being
able to send to them. While sending to a hardware wallet is something most all
wallets can do, being able to pair with one is a unique feature. This feature
enables you to be able to send and receive directly to and from a hardware
wallet.

Legacy Addresses

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Most wallets have the ability to send and receive with legacy bitcoin
addresses. Legacy addresses start with 1 or 3 (as opposed to starting with
bc1). Without legacy address support, you may not be able to receive bitcoin
from older wallets or exchanges.

Lightning

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets support transactions on the Lightning Network. The Lightning
Network is new and somewhat experimental. It supports transferring bitcoin
without having to record each transaction on the blockchain, resulting in
faster transactions and lower fees.

Multisig

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets have the ability to require more than one key to authorize a
transaction. This can be used to divide responsibility and control over
multiple parties.

SegWit

Note: This option is unavailable based on your previous selections.

Some wallets support SegWit, which uses block chain space more efficiently.
This helps reduce fees paid by helping the Bitcoin network scale and sets the
foundation for second layer solutions such as the Lightning Network.

Skip helper

Next

Filters

![Close](/img/icons/close-selector.svg)

### Operating System

### Mobil

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Wallets are available for Android and iOS based operating systems.

![android](/img/os/wallet_menu_android.svg)
![android](/img/os/wallet_menu_android_bright.svg)

![ios](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac.svg) ![ios](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac_bright.svg)

### Desktop

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Wallets are available for Linux, MacOS and Windows based operating systems.

![linux](/img/os/wallet_menu_linux.svg)
![linux](/img/os/wallet_menu_linux_bright.svg)

![mac](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac.svg) ![mac](/img/os/wallet_menu_mac_bright.svg)

![windows](/img/os/wallet_menu_windows.svg)
![windows](/img/os/wallet_menu_windows_bright.svg)

### Hardware

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

A hardware wallet is a high-security bitcoin wallet that enables you to store
your funds offline. You connect it to your computer when you need to manage
your funds.

![hardware](/img/os/wallet_menu_hardware.svg)
![hardware](/img/os/wallet_menu_hardware_bright.svg)

### User type

New

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Show wallets ideal for new bitcoin users, based on your search criteria.

Experienced

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Show all wallets, based on your search criteria.

### Criteria

![angle](/img/icons/angle.svg)

Control

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets give you full control over your bitcoin. This means no third
party can freeze or take away your funds. You are still responsible, however,
for securing and backing up your wallet.

Validation

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets have the ability to operate as a full node. This means no trust
in a third party is required when processing transactions. Full nodes provide
a high level of security, but they require a large amount of memory.

Transparency

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets are open-source and can be built deterministically, a process of
compiling software which ensures the resulting code can be reproduced to help
ensure it hasn't been tampered with.

Environment

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets can be loaded on computers which are vulnerable to malware.
Securing your computer, using a strong passphrase, moving most of your funds
to cold store or enabling 2FA or multifactor authentication can help you
protect your bitcoin.

Privacy

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets make it harder to spy on your transactions by rotating addresses.
They do not disclose information to peers on the network. They can also
optionally let you setup and use Tor as a proxy to prevent others from
associating transactions with your IP address.

Fees

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets give you full control over setting the fee paid to the bitcoin
network before making a transaction, or modifying it afterward, to ensure that
your transactions are confirmed in a timely manner without paying more than
you have to.

### Features

![angle](/img/icons/angle.svg)

2FA

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Two-factor authentication (2FA) is a way to add additional security to your
wallet. The first 'factor' is your password for your wallet. The second
'factor' is a verification code retrieved via text message or from an app on a
mobile device. 2FA is conceptually similar to a security token device that
banks in some countries require for online banking. It likely requires relying
on the availability of a third party to provide the service.

Bech32

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Bech32 is a special address format made possible by SegWit (see the feature
description for SegWit for more info). This address format is also known as
'bc1 addresses'. Some bitcoin wallets and services do not yet support sending
or receiving to Bech32 addresses.

Full Node

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets fully validate transactions and blocks. Almost all full nodes
help the network by accepting transactions and blocks from other full nodes,
validating those transactions and blocks, and then relaying them to further
full nodes.

Hardware Wallet

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets can pair and connect to a hardware wallet in addition to being
able to send to them. While sending to a hardware wallet is something most all
wallets can do, being able to pair with one is a unique feature. This feature
enables you to be able to send and receive directly to and from a hardware
wallet.

Legacy Addresses

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Most wallets have the ability to send and receive with legacy bitcoin
addresses. Legacy addresses start with 1 or 3 (as opposed to starting with
bc1). Without legacy address support, you may not be able to receive bitcoin
from older wallets or exchanges.

Lightning

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets support transactions on the Lightning Network. The Lightning
Network is new and somewhat experimental. It supports transferring bitcoin
without having to record each transaction on the blockchain, resulting in
faster transactions and lower fees.

Multisig

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets have the ability to require more than one key to authorize a
transaction. This can be used to divide responsibility and control over
multiple parties.

SegWit

Not available

![info](/img/icons/info-alt.svg)

Some wallets support SegWit, which uses block chain space more efficiently.
This helps reduce fees paid by helping the Bitcoin network scale and sets the
foundation for second layer solutions such as the Lightning Network.

## Below is a list of wallets available for your operating system

### Sort by:

Control

Control Validation Transparency Environment Privacy Fees

Wallets

Control

Validation

Transparency

Environment

Privacy

Fees

[ ![Armory](/img/wallet/armory.png) Armory Good Good Acceptable Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/armory/) [
![Armory](/img/wallet/armory.png) Armory Good Good Acceptable Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/armory/) [ ![Armory](/img/wallet/armory.png)
Armory Good Good Acceptable Caution Good Good
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/armory/) [ ![BitBox02](/img/wallet/bitbox.png)
BitBox02 Good Not applicable Good Good Not applicable Not applicable
](/ro/wallets/hardware/bitbox/) [ ![Bitcoin Core](/img/wallet/bitcoincore.png)
Bitcoin Core Good Good Good Caution Good Good
](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bitcoincore/) [ ![Bitcoin
Core](/img/wallet/bitcoincore.png) Bitcoin Core Good Good Good Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bitcoincore/) [ ![Bitcoin
Core](/img/wallet/bitcoincore.png) Bitcoin Core Good Good Good Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bitcoincore/) [ ![Bitcoin
Knots](/img/wallet/bitcoinknots.png) Bitcoin Knots Good Good Good Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bitcoinknots/) [ ![Bitcoin
Knots](/img/wallet/bitcoinknots.png) Bitcoin Knots Good Good Good Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bitcoinknots/) [ ![Bitcoin
Knots](/img/wallet/bitcoinknots.png) Bitcoin Knots Good Good Good Caution Good
Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bitcoinknots/) [ ![Bitcoin
Wallet](/img/wallet/bitcoinwallet.png) Bitcoin Wallet Good Acceptable Good
Acceptable Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/bitcoinwallet/) [
![Bither](/img/wallet/bither.png) Bither Good Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Caution ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/bither/) [
![Bither](/img/wallet/bither.png) Bither Good Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Caution ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/bither/) [
![Bither](/img/wallet/bither.png) Bither Good Acceptable Acceptable Caution
Acceptable Caution ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bither/) [
![Bither](/img/wallet/bither.png) Bither Good Acceptable Acceptable Caution
Acceptable Caution ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bither/) [
![Bither](/img/wallet/bither.png) Bither Good Acceptable Acceptable Caution
Acceptable Caution ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bither/) [ ![BitPay
Wallet](/img/wallet/bitpay.png) BitPay Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/bitpay/) [ ![BitPay
Wallet](/img/wallet/bitpay.png) BitPay Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/bitpay/) [ ![BitPay
Wallet](/img/wallet/bitpay.png) BitPay Good Caution Acceptable Caution
Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bitpay/) [ ![BitPay
Wallet](/img/wallet/bitpay.png) BitPay Good Caution Acceptable Caution
Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bitpay/) [ ![BitPay
Wallet](/img/wallet/bitpay.png) BitPay Good Caution Acceptable Caution
Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bitpay/) [
![Coldcard](/img/wallet/coldcard.png) Coldcard Good Not applicable Good Good
Not applicable Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/coldcard/) [ ![Edge
Mobile Wallet](/img/wallet/edgewallet.png) Edge Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable
](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/edgewallet/) [ ![Edge Mobile
Wallet](/img/wallet/edgewallet.png) Edge Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/edgewallet/) [
![Electrum](/img/wallet/electrum.png) Electrum Good Acceptable Good Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/electrum/) [
![Electrum](/img/wallet/electrum.png) Electrum Good Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/electrum/) [
![Electrum](/img/wallet/electrum.png) Electrum Good Acceptable Good Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/electrum/) [
![Electrum](/img/wallet/electrum.png) Electrum Good Acceptable Good Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/electrum/) [ ![Blockstream
Green](/img/wallet/green.png) Green Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/green/) [ ![Blockstream
Green](/img/wallet/green.png) Green Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/green/) [ ![Blockstream
Green](/img/wallet/green.png) Green Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/green/) [ ![Blockstream
Green](/img/wallet/green.png) Green Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/green/) [ ![Blockstream
Green](/img/wallet/green.png) Green Good Caution Acceptable Acceptable
Acceptable Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/green/) [ ![Blockstream
Jade](/img/wallet/jade.png) Jade Good Not applicable Good Good Not applicable
Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/jade/) [
![KeepKey](/img/wallet/keepkey.png) KeepKey Good Not applicable Good Good Not
applicable Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/keepkey/) [ ![Ledger Nano
S](/img/wallet/ledgernanos.png) Ledger Nano S Good Not applicable Acceptable
Good Not applicable Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/ledgernanos/) [
![Mycelium](/img/wallet/mycelium.png) Mycelium Good Caution Good Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/mycelium/) [
![Passport](/img/wallet/passport.png) Passport Good Not applicable Good Good
Not applicable Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/passport/) [ ![Sparrow
Wallet](/img/wallet/sparrow.png) Sparrow Good Acceptable Acceptable Caution
Good Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/sparrow/) [ ![Sparrow
Wallet](/img/wallet/sparrow.png) Sparrow Good Acceptable Acceptable Caution
Good Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/sparrow/) [ ![Sparrow
Wallet](/img/wallet/sparrow.png) Sparrow Good Acceptable Acceptable Caution
Good Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/sparrow/) [ ![Specter
Desktop](/img/wallet/specterdesktop.png) Specter Good Good Acceptable Caution
Good Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/specterdesktop/) [ ![Specter
Desktop](/img/wallet/specterdesktop.png) Specter Good Good Acceptable Caution
Good Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/specterdesktop/) [ ![Specter
Desktop](/img/wallet/specterdesktop.png) Specter Good Good Acceptable Caution
Good Good ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/specterdesktop/) [ ![Trezor Model
T](/img/wallet/trezormodelt.png) Trezor Model T Good Not applicable Good Good
Not applicable Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/trezormodelt/) [ ![Trezor
One](/img/wallet/trezorone.png) Trezor One Good Not applicable Good Good Not
applicable Not applicable ](/ro/wallets/hardware/trezorone/) [
![Unstoppable](/img/wallet/unstoppable.png) Unstoppable Good Acceptable
Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable
](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/unstoppable/) [
![Unstoppable](/img/wallet/unstoppable.png) Unstoppable Good Acceptable Good
Acceptable Acceptable Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/unstoppable/) [
![Wasabi Wallet](/img/wallet/wasabi.png) Wasabi Good Caution Good Caution Good
Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/wasabi/) [ ![Wasabi
Wallet](/img/wallet/wasabi.png) Wasabi Good Caution Good Caution Good
Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/wasabi/) [ ![Wasabi
Wallet](/img/wallet/wasabi.png) Wasabi Good Caution Good Caution Good
Acceptable ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/wasabi/)

Good

Acceptable

Caution

Not applicable

![wallet with magnifier](/img/icons/empty.svg)

## No matching wallets found

Please update your search criteria and try again.

![wallet with magnifier](/img/icons/empty.svg)

## Browse wallets

Use the wallet selector to find wallets that match your search criteria.

  * [All Wallets](/ro/alege-portofelul)
  * [Desktop](/ro/wallets/desktop/)

    * [ Linux ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/)
    * [ Mac ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/)
    * [ Windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/)

  * [Hardware](/ro/wallets/hardware/)
  * [Mobil](/ro/wallets/mobile/)

    * [ Android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/)
    * [ iOS ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/)

  * [Web](/ro/wallets/web/)

Select Wallet Type

[Desktop](/ro/wallets/desktop/)

[Hardware](/ro/wallets/hardware/)

[Mobil](/ro/wallets/mobile/)

[Web](/ro/wallets/web/)

Select an Operating System

[ Linux ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/)

[ Mac ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/)

[ Windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/)

Select an Operating System

[ Android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/)

[ iOS ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/)

Select Wallet

![Armory](/img/wallet/armory.png?1716491272) Armory

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/armory/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/armory/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/armory/)

![BitBox02](/img/wallet/bitbox.png?1716491272) BitBox02

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/bitbox/)

![Bitcoin Core](/img/wallet/bitcoincore.png?1716491272) Bitcoin Core

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bitcoincore/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bitcoincore/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bitcoincore/)

![Bitcoin Knots](/img/wallet/bitcoinknots.png?1716491272) Bitcoin Knots

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bitcoinknots/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bitcoinknots/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bitcoinknots/)

![Bitcoin Wallet](/img/wallet/bitcoinwallet.png?1716491272) Bitcoin Wallet

Select an Operating System

[ android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/bitcoinwallet/)

![Bither](/img/wallet/bither.png?1716491272) Bither

Select an Operating System

[ ios ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/bither/) [ android
](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/bither/) [ windows
](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bither/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bither/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bither/)

![BitPay Wallet](/img/wallet/bitpay.png?1716491272) BitPay

Select an Operating System

[ android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/bitpay/) [ ios
](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/bitpay/) [ windows
](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/bitpay/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/bitpay/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/bitpay/)

![Coldcard](/img/wallet/coldcard.png?1716491272) Coldcard

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/coldcard/)

![Edge Mobile Wallet](/img/wallet/edgewallet.png?1716491272) Edge

Select an Operating System

[ android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/edgewallet/) [ ios
](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/edgewallet/)

![Electrum](/img/wallet/electrum.png?1716491272) Electrum

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/electrum/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/electrum/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/electrum/) [ android
](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/electrum/)

![Blockstream Green](/img/wallet/green.png?1716491272) Green

Select an Operating System

[ android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/green/) [ ios
](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/green/) [ windows
](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/green/) [ mac ](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/green/)
[ linux ](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/green/)

![Blockstream Jade](/img/wallet/jade.png?1716491272) Jade

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/jade/)

![KeepKey](/img/wallet/keepkey.png?1716491272) KeepKey

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/keepkey/)

![Ledger Nano S](/img/wallet/ledgernanos.png?1716491272) Ledger Nano S

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/ledgernanos/)

![Mycelium](/img/wallet/mycelium.png?1716491272) Mycelium

Select an Operating System

[ android ](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/mycelium/)

![Passport](/img/wallet/passport.png?1716491272) Passport

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/passport/)

![Sparrow Wallet](/img/wallet/sparrow.png?1716491272) Sparrow

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/sparrow/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/sparrow/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/sparrow/)

![Specter Desktop](/img/wallet/specterdesktop.png?1716491272) Specter

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/specterdesktop/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/specterdesktop/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/specterdesktop/)

![Trezor Model T](/img/wallet/trezormodelt.png?1716491272) Trezor Model T

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/trezormodelt/)

![Trezor One](/img/wallet/trezorone.png?1716491272) Trezor One

Select an Operating System

[ hardware ](/ro/wallets/hardware/trezorone/)

![Unstoppable](/img/wallet/unstoppable.png?1716491272) Unstoppable

Select an Operating System

[ ios ](/ro/wallets/mobile/ios/unstoppable/) [ android
](/ro/wallets/mobile/android/unstoppable/)

![Wasabi Wallet](/img/wallet/wasabi.png?1716491272) Wasabi

Select an Operating System

[ windows ](/ro/wallets/desktop/windows/wasabi/) [ mac
](/ro/wallets/desktop/mac/wasabi/) [ linux
](/ro/wallets/desktop/linux/wasabi/)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/ro/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introducere:

  * [Persoane fizice](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-persoane-fizice)
  * [Companii](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-companii)
  * [Dezvoltatori](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [NoÈiuni de bazÄ](/ro/notiuni-de-baza)
  * [Cum funcÈioneazÄ](/ro/cum-functioneaza)
  * [Trebuie sÄ Ètii](/ro/ce-trebuie-sa-stii)

Resurse:

  * [Resurse](/ro/resurse)
  * [Exchanges](/ro/schimburi)
  * [Comunitate](/ro/comunitate)
  * [Vocabular ](/ro/vocabular)
  * [Evenimente](/ro/evenimente)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/ro/descarca)

ParticipÄ:

  * [SusÅ£ine Bitcoin](/ro/sustine-bitcoin)
  * [Dezvoltare](/ro/dezvoltare)

Other:

[Legal](/ro/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy) [PresÄ](/ro/presa) [Despre
bitcoin.org](/ro/despre-noi) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Lansat sub [licenÈa
MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * RomÃ¢nÄ
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/pilih-wallet-anda)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/tria-el-teu-moneder)
      * [Dansk](/da/vaelg-din-tegnebog)
      * [Deutsch](/de/waehlen-sie-ihre-wallet)
      * [English](/en/choose-your-wallet)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/elige-tu-monedero)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/choisir-votre-porte-monnaie)
      * [Italiano](/it/scegli-il-tuo-portafoglio)
      * [Magyar](/hu/valasszon-penztarcat)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/kies-uw-portemonnee)
      * [Polski](/pl/wybierz-swoj-portfel)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/escolha-sua-carteira)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/alege-portofelul)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/izberite-denarnico)
      * [Srpski](/sr/izaberite-vas-novcanik)
      * [Svenska](/sv/valj-din-planbok)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/cuzdaninizi-secin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/choose-your-wallet)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/choose-your-wallet)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/choose-your-wallet)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/choose-your-wallet)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ááááá](/km/choose-your-wallet)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/choose-your-wallet)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/choose-your-wallet)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ ro

