[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2V4cGFuZGluZy1wb3J0Zm9saW8tbWFyZ2luLXRvLW5vbnZpcC11c2Vycy0xMDM5MjEwMjE0NTgzNDU0ODU1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2V4cGFuZGluZy1wb3J0Zm9saW8tbWFyZ2luLXRvLW5vbnZpcC11c2Vycy0xMDM5MjEwMjE0NTgzNDU0ODU1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Expanding Portfolio Margin to Non-VIP Users

2024-04-03

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance expands Portfolio Margin to non-VIP users with a 100,000 USDT minimum balance (cross margin and futures wallets), increasing access to advanced trading tools.

  * The introduction of a unified Portfolio Margin wallet simplifies portfolio management by merging Cross Margin, USDⓈ-M Futures, and COIN-M Futures into one.

  * Enhanced capital efficiency, risk management, and trading strategies are now more accessible, empowering a broader range of traders to optimize their portfolios.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240403/050cab52-3653-4c59-bef3-2d55b0e6ecac.jpg)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may
not be available in your region._

Binance is excited to announce the expansion of its Portfolio Margin feature
to non-VIP users for the first time. Previously only available to VIP 1-9
users — requiring a 30-day Spot trade volume of at least $1M, or $15M for
Futures — Portfolio Margin is now accessible to non-VIP users with a minimum
balance of 100,000 USDT in their cross margin and futures wallets.

By making advanced trading tools more accessible, we aim to enhance capital
efficiency and simplify portfolio management for more traders. Extending
Portfolio Margin to a broader audience is another step forward in supporting
traders in leveraging their strategies more effectively, regardless of VIP
status.

Along with this expansion, we’re also taking the opportunity to introduce a
new Portfolio Margin wallet to further streamline your trading experience.
This merges the previously separate USDⓈ-M Futures, COIN-M Futures, and Cross
Margin wallets into one unified wallet, simplifying portfolio management like
never before.

## What is Portfolio Margin?

Portfolio Margin is an enhancement for experienced traders, allowing the use
of a variety of assets as collateral to leverage positions across multiple
products. On Binance, for example, the Portfolio Margin mode enables the use
of multiple supported assets from USDⓈ-M Futures, COIN-M Futures and Cross
Margin wallets as collateral.

In short, Portfolio Margin distinguishes itself from traditional margin
trading by considering the collective risk of your entire portfolio rather
than individual positions. The result is increased capital efficiency and
greater strategic flexibility.

Expanding Portfolio Margin to non-VIP users with at least 100,000 USDT in
their cross margin and futures wallets means we’re making this advanced
trading tool available to a much broader group, empowering them to explore new
strategies and opportunities.

## A Single, Unified Portfolio Margin Wallet

In addition to increasing the number of users who can access this feature,
we’re also unveiling a new Portfolio Margin wallet to enhance and simplify the
user experience.

This update consolidates Cross Margin, USDⓈ-M Futures, and COIN-M Futures
wallets into a single, unified wallet, thereby simplifying portfolio
management, and enabling you to manage your collateral and monitor risk across
different trading products from one central location. It eliminates the need
to switch between wallets to transfer collateral or assess margin usage,
streamlining operations for faster market response.

The emphasis here is on flexibility, efficiency, and a more user-friendly
experience. With the integrated wallet system, the update aims to equip
traders with the tools and adaptability needed to effectively navigate the
crypto markets with greater confidence.

## Benefits of Binance’s Updated Portfolio Margin Program

Portfolio Margin introduces benefits that enhance trading for any users who
qualify, making it easier to leverage market movements and manage portfolios.

**Capital Efficiency:** By using a broader range of assets as collateral,
without manually converting for each position, traders can maximize their
potential.

**Simplified Management:** Merging Cross Margin, USDⓈ-M Futures, and COIN-M
Futures wallets into one unified wallet streamlines portfolio management. This
eliminates the need for fund transfers between wallets to meet margin
requirements, reducing transaction times and the potential for error.

**Enhanced Trading Potential:** Portfolio Margin users can combine their
margin collateral for a wide range of up to 878 trading pairs, including cross
margin pairs and futures contracts. This array of opportunities, along with
the largest selection of collateral assets, opens up various strategies, from
arbitrage to hedging.

**Unified Risk Management Tool:** Improved risk assessment comes from unified
maintenance margin requirements, offering a clearer view of overall risk
exposure. This approach allows traders to navigate and manage risk more
effectively with an elevated tool..

## Eligibility and How to Get Started

Portfolio Margin eligibility now extends to non-VIP users who meet certain
criteria. The main requirement for non-VIP users to access this feature is
having at least 100,000 USDT in assets across futures and cross margin
accounts. This ensures that Portfolio Margin is accessible to engaged and
invested traders on the platform.

Ready to activate and use Portfolio Margin? Here’s how:

  * **Option 1:** Log in to Binance Futures or Binance Margin, and go to the [_Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/BTCUSDT)   or [_Margin_](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=cross) trading page. Eligible users will be able to see an “Upgrade” button next to “Margin Ratio”. Click on the “Upgrade” button and complete a quiz to activate the Portfolio Margin mode.  

  * **Option 2:** Log in to your Binance account, and activate the Portfolio Margin mode via Wallet > Futures/Margin> Upgrade Now. Only eligible users will be able to successfully activate the Portfolio Margin mode.  

Activating Portfolio Margin automatically consolidates your Cross Margin,
USDⓈ-M Futures, and COIN-M Futures wallets into one. No additional action is
needed from you. The unified wallet interface lets you manage collateral and
adjust strategies easily, providing a comprehensive view of your portfolio.

With Portfolio Margin now activated, you can trade using expanded collateral
options for greater capital efficiency. By following these steps, new
Portfolio Margin users can leverage its features to explore a wider range of
trading opportunities, maximizing capital efficiency.

## Final Thoughts

The expansion of Portfolio Margin to non-VIP users, while merging Cross
Margin, USDⓈ-M Futures, and COIN-M Futures wallets into one, marks a major
update. Designed to enhance trading flexibility, this change supports
portfolio diversification, greater risk management, and new trading
strategies.

We encourage all eligible traders to explore these features, leveraging the
expanded collateral choices, streamlined management, and improved strategies
for a more dynamic experience. Activate Portfolio Margin today to explore a
wider trading landscape and refine your trading approach. Start now to unlock
your potential. Your trading evolution begins with Portfolio Margin.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Introduction to Binance Portfolio Margin Mode_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/introduction-to-binance-portfolio-margin-mode-bddd924496d74ecd8820a6d95585ccee)

  * [ _How to Activate the Portfolio Margin Mode on Binance?_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-activate-the-portfolio-margin-mode-on-binance-7ee6b3f65d5a421491c0a5588223fd14)

  * [_Binance Portfolio Margin_](https://www.binance.com/en/portfolio-margin)

* * *

 _Risk Warning: Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You
are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable
for any losses you may incur. Futures trading, in particular, is subject to
high market risk and price volatility. All of your margin balance may be
liquidated in the event of adverse price movement. Past performance is not a
reliable predictor of future performance. Before trading, you should make an
independent assessment of the appropriateness of the transaction in light of
your own objectives and circumstances, including the risks and potential
benefits. Consult your own advisers, where appropriate. This information
should not be construed as financial or investment advice. To learn more about
how to protect yourself, visit our_[ __Responsible Trading
page__](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/responsible-trading) _. For more
information, see our_[ __Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
_and_[ __Risk Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,702,072 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Expanding Portfolio Margin to Non-VIP Users

Main Takeaways

What is Portfolio Margin?

A Single, Unified Portfolio Margin Wallet

Benefits of Binance’s Updated Portfolio Margin Program

Eligibility and How to Get Started

Final Thoughts

Further Reading

194,702,072 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

