Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Networking layer

p

Last edit: [@pettinarip(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/pettinarip),
November 23, 2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * The Execution Layer
    * Discovery
      * ENR: Ethereum Node Records
      * Why is discovery built on UDP?
    * DevP2P
    * Sub-protocols
      * Wire protocol
      * les (light ethereum subprotocol)
      * Snap
      * Wit (witness protocol)
      * Whisper
  * The consensus layer
    * Discovery
    * ENRs
    * libP2P
    * Gossip
    * Request-response
  * Why does the consensus client prefer SSZ to RLP?
  * Connecting the execution and consensus clients
    * When consensus client is not block producer:
    * When consensus client is block producer:
  * Further Reading

Ethereum is a peer-to-peer network with thousands of nodes that must be able
to communicate with one another using standardized protocols. The "networking
layer" is the stack of protocols that allow those nodes to find each other and
exchange information. This includes "gossiping" information (one-to-many
communication) over the network as well as swapping requests and responses
between specific nodes (one-to-one communication). Each node must adhere to
specific networking rules to ensure they are sending and receiving the correct
information.

There are two parts to the client software (execution clients and consensus
clients), each with its own distinct networking stack. As well as
communicating with other Ethereum nodes, the execution and consensus clients
have to communicate with each other. This page gives an introductory
explanation of the protocols that enable this communication.

Execution clients gossip transactions over the execution-layer peer-to-peer
network. This requires encrypted communication between authenticated peers.
When a validator is selected to propose a block, transactions from the node's
local transaction pool will be passed to consensus clients via a local RPC
connection, which will be packaged into Beacon blocks. Consensus clients will
then gossip Beacon blocks across their p2p network. This requires two separate
p2p networks: one connecting execution clients for transaction gossip and one
connecting consensus clients for block gossip.

## Prerequisites

Some knowledge of Ethereum [nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-
clients/) will be helpful for understanding this page.

## The Execution Layer

The execution layer's networking protocols is divided into two stacks:

  * the discovery stack: built on top of UDP and allows a new node to find peers to connect to

  * the DevP2P stack: sits on top of TCP and enables nodes to exchange information

Both stacks work in parallel. The discovery stack feeds new network
participants into the network, and the DevP2P stack enables their
interactions.

### Discovery

Discovery is the process of finding other nodes in network. This is
bootstrapped using a small set of bootnodes (nodes whose addresses are
[hardcoded(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/go-
ethereum/blob/master/params/bootnodes.go) into the client so they can be found
immediately and connect the client to peers). These bootnodes only exist to
introduce a new node to a set of peers - this is their sole purpose, they do
not participate in normal client tasks like syncing the chain, and they are
only used the very first time a client is spun up.

The protocol used for the node-bootnode interactions is a modified form of
[Kademlia(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/coinmonks/a-brief-overview-
of-kademlia-and-its-use-in-various-decentralized-platforms-da08a7f72b8f) which
uses a [distributed hash table(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_hash_table) to share lists of
nodes. Each node has a version of this table containing the information
required to connect to its closest peers. This 'closeness' is not geographical
- distance is defined by the similarity of the node's ID. Each node's table is
regularly refreshed as a security feature. For example, in the [Discv5(opens
in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/tree/master/discv5),
discovery protocol nodes are also able to send 'ads' that display the
subprotocols that the client supports, allowing peers to negotiate about the
protocols they can both use to communicate over.

Discovery starts with a game of PING-PONG. A successful PING-PONG "bonds" the
new node to a bootnode. The initial message that alerts a bootnode to the
existence of a new node entering the network is a `PING`. This `PING` includes
hashed information about the new node, the bootnode and an expiry time-stamp.
The bootnode receives the `PING` and returns a `PONG` containing the `PING`
hash. If the `PING` and `PONG` hashes match then the connection between the
new node and bootnode is verified and they are said to have "bonded".

Once bonded, the new node can send a `FIND-NEIGHBOURS` request to the
bootnode. The data returned by the bootnode includes a list of peers that the
new node can connect to. If the nodes are not bonded, the `FIND-NEIGHBOURS`
request will fail, so the new node will not be able to enter the network.

Once the new node receives a list of neighbours from the bootnode, it begins a
PING-PONG exchange with each of them. Successful PING-PONGs bond the new node
with its neighbours, enabling message exchange.

    
    
    1start client --> connect to bootnode --> bond to bootnode --> find neighbours --> bond to neighbours

Execution clients are currently using the [Discv4(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/discv4.md) discovery
protocol and there is an active effort to migrate to the [Discv5(opens in a
new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/tree/master/discv5) protocol.

#### ENR: Ethereum Node Records

The [Ethereum Node Record (ENR)](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-
addresses/) is an object that contains three basic elements: a signature (hash
of record contents made according to some agreed identity scheme), a sequence
number that tracks changes to the record, and an arbitrary list of key:value
pairs. This is a future-proof format that allows easier exchange of
identifying information between new peers and is the preferred [network
address](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/) format for
Ethereum nodes.

#### Why is discovery built on UDP?

UDP does not support any error checking, resending of failed packets, or
dynamically opening and closing connections - instead it just fires a
continuous stream of information at a target, regardless of whether it is
successfully received. This minimal functionality also translates into minimal
overhead, making this kind of connection very fast. For discovery, where a
node simply wants to make its presence known in order to then establish a
formal connection with a peer, UDP is sufficient. However, for the rest of the
networking stack, UDP is not fit for purpose. The informational exchange
between nodes is quite complex and therefore needs a more fully featured
protocol that can support resending, error checking etc. The additional
overhead associated with TCP is worth the additional functionality. Therefore,
the majority of the P2P stack operates over TCP.

### DevP2P

DevP2P is itself a whole stack of protocols that Ethereum implements to
establish and maintain the peer-to-peer network. After new nodes enter the
network, their interactions are governed by protocols in the [DevP2P(opens in
a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p) stack. These all sit on top of
TCP and include the RLPx transport protocol, wire protocol and several sub-
protocols. [RLPx(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/rlpx.md) is the protocol
governing initiating, authenticating and maintaining sessions between nodes.
RLPx encodes messages using RLP (Recursive Length Prefix) which is a very
space-efficient method of encoding data into a minimal structure for sending
between nodes.

A RLPx session between two nodes begins with an initial cryptographic
handshake. This involves the node sending an auth message which is then
verified by the peer. On successful verification, the peer generates an auth-
acknowledgement message to return to the initiator node. This is a key-
exchange process that enables the nodes to communicate privately and securely.
A successful cryptographic handshake then triggers both nodes to send a
"hello" message to one another "on the wire". The wire protocol is initiated
by a successful exchange of hello messages.

The hello messages contain:

  * protocol version
  * client ID
  * port
  * node ID
  * list of supported sub-protocols

This is the information required for a successful interaction because it
defines what capabilities are shared between both nodes and configures the
communication. There is a process of sub-protocol negotiation where the lists
of sub-protocols supported by each node are compared and those that are common
to both nodes can be used in the session.

Along with the hello messages, the wire protocol can also send a "disconnect"
message that gives warning to a peer that the connection will be closed. The
wire protocol also includes PING and PONG messages that are sent periodically
to keep a session open. The RLPx and wire protocol exchanges therefore
establish the foundations of communication between the nodes, providing the
scaffolding for useful information to be exchanged according to a specific
sub-protocol.

### Sub-protocols

#### Wire protocol

Once peers are connected, and an RLPx session has been started, the wire
protocol defines how peers communicate. Initially, the wire protocol defined
three main tasks: chain synchronization, block propagation and transaction
exchange. However, once Ethereum switched to proof-of-stake, block propagation
and chain synchronization became part of the consensus layer. Transaction
exchange is still in the remit of the execution clients. Transaction exchange
refers to exchanging pending transactions between nodes so that miners can
select some of them for inclusion in the next block. Detailed information
about these tasks is available [here(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/caps/eth.md). Clients
that support these sub-protocols expose them via the [JSON-
RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/).

#### les (light ethereum subprotocol)

This is a minimal protocol for syncing light clients. Traditionally this
protocol has rarely been used because full nodes are required to serve data to
light clients without being incentivized. The default behavior of execution
clients is not to serve light client data over les. More information is
available in the les [spec(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/caps/les.md).

#### Snap

The [snap protocol(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/caps/snap.md#ethereum-
snapshot-protocol-snap) is an optional extension that allows peers to exchange
snapshots of recent states, allowing peers to verify account and storage data
without having to download intermediate Merkle trie nodes.

#### Wit (witness protocol)

The [witness protocol(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p/blob/master/caps/wit.md#ethereum-
witness-protocol-wit) is an optional extension that enables exchange of state
witnesses between peers, helping to sync clients to the tip of the chain.

#### Whisper

Whisper was a protocol that aimed to deliver secure messaging between peers
without writing any information to the blockchain. It was part of the DevP2P
wire protocol but is now deprecated. Other [related projects(opens in a new
tab)](https://wakunetwork.com/) exist with similar aims.

## The consensus layer

The consensus clients participate in a separate peer-to-peer network with a
different specification. Consensus clients need to participate in block gossip
so that they can receive new blocks from peers and broadcast them when it is
their turn to be block proposer. Similar to the execution layer, this first
requires a discovery protocol so that a node can find peers and establish
secure sessions for exchanging blocks, attestations etc.

### Discovery

Similar to the execution clients, consensus clients use [discv5(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-
specs/blob/dev/specs/phase0/p2p-interface.md#the-discovery-domain-discv5) over
UDP for finding peers. The consensus layer implementation of discv5 differs
from that of the execution clients only in that it includes an adaptor
connecting discv5 into a [libP2P(opens in a new tab)](https://libp2p.io/)
stack, deprecating DevP2P. The execution layer's RLPx sessions are deprecated
in favour of libP2P's noise secure channel handshake.

### ENRs

The ENR for consensus nodes includes the node's public key, IP address, UDP
and TCP ports and two consensus-specific fields: the attestation subnet
bitfield and `eth2` key. The former makes it easier for nodes to find peers
participating in specific attestation gossip sub-networks. The `eth2` key
contains information about which Ethereum fork version the node is using,
ensuring peers are connecting to the right Ethereum.

### libP2P

The libP2P stack supports all communications after discovery. Clients can dial
and listen on IPv4 and/or IPv6 as defined in their ENR. The protocols on the
libP2P layer can be subdivided into the gossip and req/resp domains.

### Gossip

The gossip domain includes all information that has to spread rapidly
throughout the network. This includes beacon blocks, proofs, attestations,
exits and slashings. This is transmitted using libP2P gossipsub v1 and relies
on various metadata being stored locally at each node, including maximum size
of gossip payloads to receive and transmit. Detailed information about the
gossip domain is available [here(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-
specs/blob/dev/specs/phase0/p2p-interface.md#the-gossip-domain-gossipsub).

### Request-response

The request-response domain contains protocols for clients requesting specific
information from their peers. Examples include requesting specific Beacon
blocks matching certain root hashes or within a range of slots. The responses
are always returned as snappy-compressed SSZ encoded bytes.

## Why does the consensus client prefer SSZ to RLP?

SSZ stands for simple serialization. It uses fixed offsets that make it easy
to decode individual parts of an encoded message without having to decode the
entire structure, which is very useful for the consensus client as it can
efficiently grab specific pieces of information from encoded messages. It is
also designed specifically to integrate with Merkle protocols, with related
efficiency gains for Merkleization. Since all hashes in the consensus layer
are Merkle roots, this adds up to a significant improvement. SSZ also
guarantees unique representations of values.

## Connecting the execution and consensus clients

Both consensus and execution clients run in parallel. They need to be
connected so that the consensus client can provide instructions to the
execution client, and the execution client can pass bundles of transactions to
the consensus client to include in Beacon blocks. The communication between
the two clients can be achieved using a local RPC connection. An API known as
the ['Engine-API'(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-
apis/blob/main/src/engine/common.md) defines the instructions sent between the
two clients. Since both clients sit behind a single network identity, they
share an ENR (Ethereum node record) which contains a separate key for each
client (eth1 key and eth2 key).

A summary of the control flow is shown below, with the relevant networking
stack in brackets.

### When consensus client is not block producer:

  * Consensus client receives a block via the block gossip protocol (consensus p2p)
  * Consensus client pre-validates the block, i.e. ensures it arrived from a valid sender with correct metadata
  * The transactions in the block are sent to the execution layer as an execution payload (local RPC connection)
  * The execution layer executes the transactions and validates the state in the block header (i.e. checks hashes match)
  * Execution layer passes validation data back to consensus layer, block now considered to be validated (local RPC connection)
  * Consensus layer adds block to head of its own blockchain and attests to it, broadcasting the attestation over the network (consensus p2p)

### When consensus client is block producer:

  * Consensus client receives notice that it is the next block producer (consensus p2p)
  * Consensus layer calls `create block` method in execution client (local RPC)
  * Execution layer accesses the transaction mempool which has been populated by the transaction gossip protocol (execution p2p)
  * Execution client bundles transactions into a block, executes the transactions and generates a block hash
  * Consensus client grabs the transactions and block hash from the execution client and adds them to the beacon block (local RPC)
  * Consensus client broadcasts the block over the block gossip protocol (consensus p2p)
  * Other clients receive the proposed block via the block gossip protocol and validate as described above (consensus p2p)

Once the block has been attested by sufficient validators it is added to the
head of the chain, justified and eventually finalized.

[![](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fnetworking-
layer%2Fcons_client_net_layer.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/networking-
layer/cons_client_net_layer.png)
[![](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fnetworking-
layer%2Fexe_client_net_layer.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/networking-
layer/exe_client_net_layer.png)

Network layer schematic for consensus and execution clients, from
[ethresear.ch(opens in a new tab)](https://ethresear.ch/t/eth1-eth2-client-
relationship/7248)

## Further Reading

[DevP2P(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/devp2p) [LibP2p(opens
in a new tab)](https://github.com/libp2p/specs) [Consensus layer network
specs(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-
specs/blob/dev/specs/phase0/p2p-interface.md#enr-structure) [kademlia to
discv5(opens in a new tab)](https://vac.dev/kademlia-to-discv5) [kademlia
paper(opens in a new
tab)](https://pdos.csail.mit.edu/~petar/papers/maymounkov-kademlia-lncs.pdf)
[intro to Ethereum p2p(opens in a new tab)](https://p2p.paris/en/talks/intro-
ethereum-networking/) [eth1/eth2 relationship(opens in a new
tab)](http://ethresear.ch/t/eth1-eth2-client-relationship/7248) [merge and
eth2 client details video(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zNIrIninMgg)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/networking-layer/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * The Execution Layer
      * Discovery
        * ENR: Ethereum Node Records
        * Why is discovery built on UDP?
      * DevP2P
      * Sub-protocols
        * Wire protocol
        * les (light ethereum subprotocol)
        * Snap
        * Wit (witness protocol)
        * Whisper
    * The consensus layer
      * Discovery
      * ENRs
      * libP2P
      * Gossip
      * Request-response
    * Why does the consensus client prefer SSZ to RLP?
    * Connecting the execution and consensus clients
      * When consensus client is not block producer:
      * When consensus client is block producer:
    * Further Reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

