[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Price Convergence and Funding Fees in Perpetual Futures Markets

2024-01-30

 _Disclaimer: Digital asset prices can be volatile. Do your own research. See
full terms and our risk warnings. Binance Futures products may not be
available or may be restricted in your region. This communication is not
intended for persons to whom the aforementioned restrictions apply._

##  Main Takeaways:

  * **Binance Futures** trading involves concepts such as **backwardation** and **funding fees**.

  * **Contango** is when futures prices are higher than the spot price, possibly leading to positive funding rates, while **backwardation** is the opposite scenario.

  * **High funding fees** can pose risks, especially if they lead to liquidation due to margin constraints.

  * **Traders can employ various strategies** and Binance tools to mitigate risks arising from market divergence, such as Price Protection.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/970ce63b-8ffc-4b8b-a7a1-faa0ad3a528d)

## Futures and Spot Market: A Primer

Cryptocurrency futures are contractual agreements wherein participants agree
to trade an underlying crypto asset at a certain price on a future date. The
significance of futures prices in relation to spot prices plays a crucial role
in understanding market dynamics.

## Price Convergence in Traditional and Crypto Delivery Futures Markets

In both traditional and crypto markets that offer delivery futures, a
phenomenon called 'price convergence' is observed as the expiration or
delivery date of the futures contract approaches. Price convergence is the
process wherein the futures price and the spot price come together, narrowing
any difference between them.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/160fa2b9-f2d7-45d9-8ce6-1282fc0bd842)

## Several factors drive this convergence:

  * **Delivery Mechanism:** As the expiration date nears, the futures contract becomes due for physical delivery (or settled as per the contract's terms). Traders holding contracts are obligated to either deliver the underlying asset (if short) or accept the delivery (if long). Hence, as the delivery date approaches, the futures price becomes more in line with the spot price to reflect the reality of the impending transaction.

  * **Arbitrage Opportunities:** Disparities between futures and spot prices create opportunities for arbitrage. For example, if the futures price is higher than the spot price, traders can buy the asset in the spot market and simultaneously sell the futures, thereby locking in a risk-free profit. Such arbitrage activities contribute to driving the two prices closer together.

  * **Reduced Speculation:** As the expiration date approaches, speculators, who might not want to deal with the delivery, start closing their positions, leading to reduced price volatility and further driving convergence.

## Backwardation and Contango Explained in Detail

### Backwardation:

Backwardation occurs when the futures price of an asset is lower than its
current spot price.

This scenario typically arises due to:

  * **Supply/Demand Imbalances:** A sudden surge in supply or a drop in demand can push futures prices below the spot price.

  * **Market Sentiment:** A prevailing pessimism in the market about the asset's future prospects or value.

  * **External Factors:** Influences such as impending regulatory changes, shifts in macroeconomic conditions, geopolitical events, or other unforeseen market dynamics.

### Contango:

Contango is the opposite of backwardation, where the futures price of an asset
is higher than its current spot price. The reasons for contango can include:

  * **Anticipated Future Demand:** A projection of increased demand in the future can cause futures prices to rise above spot prices.

  * **Market Sentiment:** General optimism about the future price or potential of an asset, driven by positive news, innovations, or other favorable conditions.

  * **Carry Costs:** In some traditional futures markets, costs associated with storing a physical asset until the futures contract's expiration can contribute to contango. For instance, commodities like oil can have storage costs that get factored into the futures price.

An example of contango could be seen in the early stages of a technological
breakthrough where the market anticipates increased demand and adoption in the
future, pushing futures prices above current spot prices.

## Perpetual Futures vs Traditional Futures

Traditional futures have an expiration date leading to settlement, where
prices converge with the spot price. Perpetual contracts, primarily offered by
crypto-derivative exchanges, differ in that traders can hold positions
indefinitely.

### Traditional Futures

A **Futures contract** is a derivative instrument with its own distinct
trading pair, driven by its demand and supply, thereby establishing its own
price. In traditional futures markets, such a contract entails an agreement to
buy or sell an asset at a predetermined price at a specific future date. These
contracts usually undergo a **daily settlement process** where profits or
losses are credited or debited from a trader's account daily, based on the
comparison between the closing market price of the day and the previous day's
settlement price. This not only ensures adequate margin coverage for potential
losses but also **offers arbitrage opportunities** , keeping the futures
contract price in close alignment with the underlying asset's spot market
price.

### Perpetual Crypto Futures

Conversely, the crypto market operates 24/7. Binance Futures, for instance,
introduces **perpetual futures contracts** , which, true to their name, do not
have an expiration date.

Derivatives have their own price determined by distinct demand and supply, yet
without a closing market, there is no explicit settlement price, hence no
conventional arbitrage opportunity. Given that perpetual futures contracts do
not settle traditionally, exchanges the **Funding Rate** , to ensure that
futures prices and index prices periodically converge.

In essence, the funding rate is a fee exchanged at set intervals (typically
every 8 hours) between traders holding long and short positions for a trading
pair. This fee adjustment modulates the price, ensuring regular convergence
between futures prices and index prices.

Hence, unlike the traditional settlement, perpetual futures use a mechanism
known as the funding rate to ensure that their prices align with spot prices
regularly and mitigate price divergence.

For a detailed understanding of these differences, you can refer to the
article [_What Is Futures Funding Rate And Why It
Matters_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/what-is-futures-funding-
rate-and-why-it-matters-421499824684903247).

## Funding Fees: What are they?

Funding fees are payments to or from traders based on the difference between
perpetual contract markets and spot prices. Crypto funding rates, recalculated
periodically - with Binance Futures doing so every eight hours, prevent
prolonged price divergence between the markets.

Funding Fee = Funding Rate x Position Notional Value

Where:

  * Funding Rate is the periodic rate (could be positive or negative) determined by the difference between futures prices and spot prices.

  * Position Notional Value is the size of the open position in the futures contract.

Funding rates consider two components: interest rate and premium, which vary
depending on the perpetual contract's price difference with the mark price.
Understanding the dynamics of funding rates is vital as they influence
traders' profits and losses directly. High funding fees can erode maintenance
margins leading to potential liquidations.

Funding fees serve to align the futures price with the spot price.

  * When the market is in contango, long position holders pay fees to short position holders. 

  * Conversely, in backwardation, short position holders compensate those in long positions.

**Balancing Dynamics: How Funding Fees Regulate Market Positions in Contango
and Backwardation**

In response to market conditions like contango or backwardation, funding fees
act as a self-correcting mechanism.

  * When contango is prevalent, and futures prices are higher than the spot, positive funding rates incentivize traders to take short positions, exerting downward pressure on futures prices to align with spot prices. 

  * Conversely, during backwardation, where futures prices are below the spot price, negative funding rates encourage traders to take long positions, pushing the futures prices upward toward the spot. 

This dynamic ensures that perpetual futures markets remain efficient and
closely tethered to underlying spot prices, fostering market stability and
minimizing prolonged price discrepancies.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/4e6883e7-e0e9-41ed-a5bc-0af2e1f66e8f)

**The Dynamics of Funding Fee Intervals**

Funding fees play a pivotal role in ensuring that futures prices align closely
with spot prices. The periodicity and computation of these fees vary from one
crypto exchange to another, with the most common intervals being 8 hours, 4
hours, and 1 hour. Each interval comes with its inherent advantages and
disadvantages.

**Adjusting to Market Volatility** For example, more frequent funding rate
adjustments, such as 1-hour intervals, allow for quick market response during
high volatility. High volatility increases the chances of divergence between
futures and spot prices. By updating the funding rate more frequently,
exchanges attempt to expedite convergence. However, this also implies more
frequent trading to avoid paying these fees, resulting in higher turnover and
potentially increased trading costs for the users.

**Binance's Hybrid Approach**

On the other hand, Binance has chosen a hybrid approach. Depending on the
specific futures contracts, they utilize both 8-hour and 4-hour intervals.
This strategy optimizes the chances of prices converging by offering a balance
between responsiveness and stability.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/aa440de3-9b5d-46f1-80f2-8cc4cebbde69)

**Capping Funding Fees: A Double-Edged Sword**

Exchanges also differ in how they cap (or don't cap) funding fees. Some
exchanges set a maximum limit on funding fees to protect traders from
exorbitant costs during extreme market conditions. You can Binance funding
fees cap on the [_Real-Time Funding Rate
page_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/funding-history/perpetual/real-time-
funding-rate). While this might be beneficial for traders looking for
predictability in their expenses, it could sometimes fail to provide the
required incentive for the market to align the futures and spot prices.
Conversely, exchanges without caps offer a pure market-driven approach, where
the fees can go very high, reflecting the true market sentiment and
conditions, but this can be burdensome for traders who might not anticipate
such high fees.

**How to Navigate the Challenges posed by High Funding Fees**

High funding fees, especially uncapped ones, can pose a concern to traders if
they spike, and potentially lead to liquidation if they consume the
maintenance margin.

To tackle the challenges of backwardation and high funding fees:

  * Diversify your strategies.

  * Stay informed about market conditions.

  * Employ risk management techniques such as stop-losses.

  * Monitor funding fees and market premiums/discounts continuously.

**Tools set by Binance to help Mitigating risks arising from price volatility
and funding fees:  **

**TP/SL orders**

These automated orders allow traders to lock in profits or prevent excessive
losses when there are sudden price divergences. By setting a TP/SL, traders
can navigate volatile markets that could be influenced by significant funding
fee changes.

For more information about TP/SL orders, refer to the [_dedicated
FAQ_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-are-limit-tp-sl-orders-
strategy-order-and-frequently-asked-
questions-e1ee1738141c49718550fa9061be4bf3).

**Price Protection**

To combat the risks arising from extreme market anomalies, Binance offers
Price Protection. This tool prevents orders from getting triggered prematurely
during drastic divergences between a contract's Last Price and its Mark Price.

Using Price Protection can ensure traders execute orders closer to the genuine
market consensus, minimizing losses from short-lived market anomalies.

For more information about Price Protection, refer to the [_dedicated
FAQ_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-enable-the-price-
protection-function-2b9dc811ce7340469357867122b975dc).

**Historical and Live Funding Rate Data:**

Binance provides a [_detailed record of past funding
rates_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/funding-history/perpetual/funding-
fee-history) as well as l[ _ive funding rate
data_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/funding-history/perpetual/real-time-
funding-rate) for all perpetual contracts. Analyzing this data can offer
insights into market trends and help traders anticipate future funding rate
charges.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/65ffc4f7-fc39-4d4e-b857-1e60b9e623f1)

**Binance Liquidation Calculator:**

[_This tool_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/BTCUSDT_PERPETUAL/calculator)
can be essential when considering the impact of funding fees on position
liquidation, especially in highly leveraged positions. By understanding where
the liquidation point lies, traders can anticipate how funding fees might push
them closer to or further from this point.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240130/77d8f48e-e3c8-4f53-ab1c-0a466ca48a70)

## Closing Thoughts

Understanding the dynamics of price convergence, backwardation, contango, and
the role of funding fees is crucial for traders in the perpetual futures
markets, especially on platforms like Binance Futures.

While these concepts present both opportunities and risks, they are
fundamental to the functioning of these markets. Proper comprehension of how
futures prices relate to spot prices, and the mechanisms like funding fees
that ensure this relation, can enable traders to make informed decisions and
employ effective strategies.

_**Risk Warning:**_

_No Representation  _

_This content is presented to you on an "as is" basis for general information
and educational purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind.
It is not intended or should not be construed as financial or investment
advice, nor is it to recommend or intend to recommend the purchase or sale of
any specific product(s) or service(s)._

_Hypothetical Performance Results_

 _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your investment may go
down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested. Any results posted
herein are intended as examples only to provide you with a reference of what
potentially could have made or lost trading with the technical indicators and
tools, but are in no way a reflection of what you could have made or lost in
the same situation. Therefore, you should not rely on the results as a
representation of what your returns or losses would have been utilizing such
technical indicators.  _

_There are numerous other factors related to the market in general or to the
implementation of any specific trading program which cannot be fully accounted
for in the preparation of hypothetical performance results and all of which
can adversely affect actual trading results. Past performance should not be
taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no
representation or warranty, expressed or implied is made regarding future
performance._

_Futures trading, in particular, is subject to high market risk and price
volatility. You may be called upon at short notice to make additional margin
deposits or interest payments. If the required margin deposits or interest
payments are not made within the prescribed time, your collateral may be
liquidated without your consent. Moreover, you will remain liable for any
resulting deficit in your account and interest charged on your account. All of
your margin balance may be liquidated in the event of adverse price movement.
Past performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. Before
trading, you should make an independent assessment of the appropriateness of
the transaction in light of your own objectives and circumstances, including
the risks and potential benefits. Consult your own advisers, where
appropriate. This information should not be construed as financial or
investment advice. To learn more about how to protect yourself, visit our_[
__Responsible Trading page__](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/responsible-
trading) _._

_Responsibilities  _

_You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses or damages you may incur. The risk warning described
herein is not exhaustive, therefore you should carefully consider your
investment experience, financial situation, investment objective, risk
tolerance level and consult your independent financial adviser as to the
suitability of your situation prior making any investment. For more
information, see our_[ __Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
_and_[ __Risk Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

_The products and services referred to herein may be restricted in certain
jurisdictions or regions or to certain users in accordance with applicable
legal and regulatory requirements. You are solely responsible for informing
yourself about and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with
respect to the access to and use of any products and services offered by or
available through Binance in each country or region from which they are
accessed by you or on your behalf.  _

_Binance reserves the right to change, modify or impose additional
restrictions with respect to the access to and use of any products and/or
services offered from time to time in its sole discretion at any time without
notification._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Price Convergence and Funding Fees in Perpetual Futures Markets

Main Takeaways:

Futures and Spot Market: A Primer

Price Convergence in Traditional and Crypto Delivery Futures Markets

Several factors drive this convergence:

Backwardation and Contango Explained in Detail

Perpetual Futures vs Traditional Futures

Funding Fees: What are they?

Closing Thoughts

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

