[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions") __
  * ... __
  * What Is Ledger Recover?

# What Is Ledger Recover?

By **Jemima Conlon**

May 18, 2023 | **Updated Apr 19, 2024**

__Read 6 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ledger-recover
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Ledger%20Recover%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ledger-recover "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-ledger-recover
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ledger-recover&title=What%20Is%20Ledger%20Recover%3F "Reddit")

![Ledger devices on a podium](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/10_Ledger-Ecosystem_Cover_White-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Ledger Recover is a paid optional subscription service for those who want to
back up their wallet access, allowing more users to access a secure and
seamless user experience in Web3.  
  
— This service offers crypto users and NFT collectors an option to back up
their wallet access securely and practically.  
  
— With Ledger Recover, you can recover access to your wallet using an ID on a
new or existing Ledger Device.  
  
The crypto space can be daunting, especially when it comes to securing your
assets. One of the biggest hurdles blockchain technology faces is its
accessibility. For many, onboarding into the web3 space is no easy feat.
Firstly, blockchain addresses are hexadecimal addresses, i.e long and
complicated. This is just one barrier to understanding such technology.
However, one of the most confusing aspects for any newcomer is the concept of
[private keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key) and [seed
phrases](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-
crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase) and how they can keep that information
safe.

Not all crypto users have the luxury of having a safe place to [store their
seed phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/best-ways-to-
protect-your-recovery-phrase), and some others might not be willing to accept
the burden of protecting their seed phrase, also called a Secret Recovery
Phrase, alone. Unfortunately, there are many horror stories of people losing
their seed phrase and therefore access to their wallets. To help these users,
Ledger developed Ledger Recover: a way to back up your wallet access. That
way, you can access your wallet, anytime, anywhere while keeping your keys
offline.

## What Is Ledger Recover?

Self-custody is the golden standard of crypto security and Ledger’s goal is to
make it easy to use. In short, this service is all about making self-custody
more convenient and less frightening.

Put simply, Ledger Recover is a way to create a backup of your wallet access.
Hopefully, you won’t need to use it, but Ledger Recover brings you peace of
mind should you ever find yourself in an unfortunate situation.

Ledger Recover allows you to enjoy all the benefits of self-custody when it
comes to interacting with web3, allowing complete control over your assets on
the go. But it also gives you the freedom to retrieve access to your [crypto
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-
is-a-crypto-wallet) with your ID, just in case your Ledger device is lost or
stolen and you no longer have your seed phrase.

But before we get into the specifics, let’s explore who Ledger Recover is for.

## Who Is Ledger Recover For?

Put simply, Ledger Recover is for those who want to back up their wallet
access. But why would you want a backup?

To understand the thought behind it, you must first understand who it was made
for. Ledger Recover was developed for those who want to back up their wallet
access regardless of wherever they are in the world or whatever they’re doing.
It’s a completely paid optional service, designed to help users take custody
of their assets, no matter their situation.

Previously, onboarding non-crypto native people into web3 was difficult.
Protecting 12-24 special words is not a familiar way of protecting everyday
assets. To combat this confusing layer of blockchain technology, Ledger
Recover allows you to retrieve your funds using a familiar method:
identification.

But it’s not just for new users. Ledger Recover can also help those without a
safe place to store their seed phrase. Do you have housemates who you can’t
trust around your valuables? Or do you live in a place prone to natural
disasters? In these situations, looking after your seed phrase may be more of
a burden than not.

So now you know who it’s for, what about who it’s not for?

Well, if you believe third parties can not be trusted, Ledger Recover is
probably not for you. If you fall into that category—don’t worry. You don’t
need to opt in and you don’t need to subscribe: you can continue managing your
seed phrase yourself. The security of your Ledger device is not impacted.

But for those who want to back up their wallet access, Ledger Recover is the
perfect solution.

## How Does Ledger Recover Work?

For security, the fragmentation, encryption, and decryption of your seed
phrase happens on your Ledger device. Specifically, these functions occur
within the [Secure Element](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-
secure-element-whistanding-security-attacks) chip. To explain, inside each
Ledger device, is a “small computer” chip called the Secure Element. This is
one of the most secure computer chips in existence, also used in official
passports and bank cards. So how does this process work?

There are three integral steps in the Ledger Recover process: encryption,
identity verification, and decryption.

### **Encryption**

When you subscribe to Ledger Recover, the secure element duplicates, encrypts,
and splits an encrypted version of the seed phrase (called the entropy) into
three fragments. To initiate the process, you will need to physically consent
to it using your device. From there, these encrypted fragments will be sent
through three independent secure channels to these fragments’ backup
providers. The secure channel allows mutual authentication and avoids man-in-
the-middle attacks.

During the process, the secure channel uses an ephemeral symmetric key to
securely transport the fragments. To ensure your backup’s security, a separate
and independent company in different countries secures each fragment. The
three companies include Coincover, Ledger, and Escrowtech, and it’s important
to note that no single company has access to the entire backup: each fragment
is completely useless by itself. This ensures the highest level of security
and removes a single point of failure. Additionally, each fragment backup
provider uses a hardened, tamper-resistant server called a Hardware Security
Module (HSM) to securely store these encrypted fragments.

### **Identity Verification**

Ledger Recover uses your ID and a selfie to verify who you are, via its
Identity Verification provider, Onfido. Then, it links your identity to
encrypted fragments of your seed phrase. The identity providers store this ID
data in an encrypted form. This way, the service can verify who you are in the
event of a Recovery request, but your private information stays private. This
ensures you alone can back up and regain access to your wallet.

But why is Ledger using Identity verification? Isn’t that a KYC? To explain
the ethos behind it, Ledger Recover uses ID verification due to Ledger’s
belief in self-custody and individual autonomy. Your identity is under your
control, as opposed to social Recovery which relies on another party. Then, a
government ID is also accessible — most people in the world have one. Finally,
ID verifications are less cumbersome than a full
[KYC](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/know-your-customer-kyc) process,
allowing customers to only reveal the necessary personal information and no
more than that.

### **Decryption**

The next step in the process is decryption. So you may be wondering “Do I have
to enter my seed phrase into a new device?”

The answer is no! Your device will take care of that for you following the
verified identification. When you want to restore your wallet, you initiate
the Recovery from [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-
basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-
crypto). You’ll have to log in to your account and then go through 2
independent Identity verification processes. At this point, two of the three
parties will send back their fragments to your Ledger device using the same
Secure Channel mechanism. Once contained in the secure element, they are
decrypted and reconstitute your seed phrase. This allows you to access your
funds. If you sign up for Ledger Recover, it is possible to restore your
account on any new Ledger device too. This means you stay protected, even if
your device and the seed phrase go up in flames.

## How Does Ledger Recover Stay Secure?

Ledger Recover is completely secure: you are the only person who owns your
seed phrase, and the only person who has your complete seed phrase. Ledger
Recover’s whole user flow is designed to prevent fraud.

So how does it ensure users’ security?

### **Are These “Trusted Parties” Trustworthy?**

There are several measures in place to assure the trustworthiness of Ledger
Recover’s trusted parties. You’ll need to identify yourself twice to both
Coincover and Ledger’s identity verification providers before you’ll be able
to use the service. Furthermore, Recovery requests will systematically go
through multiple manual identity verifications by independent agents in
addition to automatic AI-assisted recognition. All of these aspects are
designed to keep users safe from Recover’s trusted parties becoming
compromised.

### **And How Do These Parties Store My Information: Is That Secure?**

“Ledger is uncompromising on security, and that will never change” – Charles
Guillemet Ledger CTO

Security is paramount to both Coincover and Ledger. As a result, all of Ledger
Recover’s identity verification providers use multiple encryption layers, with
each party storing the encrypted fragments of your private key on [Hardware
Security Modules (HSMs)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hardware-
security-module-hsm). In short, these Hardware Security Modules use similar
technology to the computer chips in Ledger devices, but they use servers
installed in data centers with more computation power.

Finally, Ledger Recover has undergone independent security audits to check and
test its processes. That means you can rest assured that your wallet backup is
in safe hands.

### **Can Ledger Recover Be Exploited To Steal My Seed Phrase?**

Firstly, your seed phrase will never leave the Secure Element chip. Only
encrypted fragments of it leave the device only if you choose to subscribe to
Ledger Recover, and these fragments are useless alone. Even if a bad actor got
hold of an encrypted fragment of your seed phrase, they wouldn’t be able to do
anything with it. Even the most sophisticated hacker couldn’t reconstitute it!

Plus, your Ledger will only allow your seed phrase to leave the wallet as
encrypted fragments when you permit it. Setting up Ledger Recover requires you
to enter the device PIN and consent to start the process on the device.
Without your permission, the device will not (and cannot) fragment or send the
encrypted fragments anywhere. That means if someone wants to exploit Ledger
Recover to steal your seed phrase, they would need to have your PIN in the
first place, which would already give them access to your wallet.

However, should someone steal your funds using Ledger Recover, Coincover
offers users $50,000 in compensation. That just goes to show confidence in the
product’s security.

## How Can I Start Using Ledger Recover?

When it launches, you can start using Ledger Recover via your Ledger Live app.
From there, in the “My Ledger” section, you’ll need to create a Ledger Recover
account, add a credit or debit card, verify your identity with our
verification partner Onfido, and then proceed to back up access to your
wallet. Following that, you can rest assured that your backup is safe to
retrieve whenever you request it.

It’s important to note that Ledger Recover is a paid optional service for
those who want to back up their wallet access for $9.99 a month. However, you
can also decide to unsubscribe any time you like to and decide to manage your
backup yourself.

For the time being, Ledger Recover is available to Ledger customers in EU
countries, the UK, Canada, and the USA with a Ledger Nano X or Ledger Nano S
Plus. However, it will become available to all Ledger customers in an
increasing number of regions soon.

## Does Ledger Recover Affect Me?

Maybe you’re not sure about Ledger Recover, don’t want to subscribe, and are
wondering how it affects you. If you already have a Ledger device with the new
firmware update — fear not! Ledger Recover is a completely optional feature.
If you already use a Ledger device and would rather look after your seed
phrase yourself — you can. Managing your own seed phrase is as important as
ever, and still recommended by Ledger.

And of course, you can unsubscribe when you like.  Although Ledger Recover is
available on all existing Ledger Nano X and Ledger Nano S Plus devices, it
must be activated via explicit user consent on the hardware device. To learn
more, make sure you check out the [Ledger Recover
FAQs](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/9579368109597-Ledger-
Recover-FAQs?docs=true). Only you have the choice as to how your keys are
managed, and that is what true crypto self-custody is all about.

**Jemima Conlon**  

Jem started her web3 journey in journalism, running the NFT news site
NFTevening. Since then, she became enamoured with power blockchain technology
has to revolutionize multiple industries–not just art! Now, she helps the
Ledger Academy with Editorial Content and SEO.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ledger-recover
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Ledger%20Recover%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ledger-recover "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-ledger-recover
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-ledger-recover&title=What%20Is%20Ledger%20Recover%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

