[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use It

# Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use It

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Apr 9, 2024 | **Updated Apr 9, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Sei%20Network%3A%20What%20It%20Is%20And%20How%20To%20Use%20It&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-
it&title=Sei%20Network%3A%20What%20It%20Is%20And%20How%20To%20Use%20It
"Reddit")

![Floating boxes in an open space](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Dark-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The Sei Network is a Cosmos-based Layer 1 blockchain that specializes in
trading infrastructure for decentralized exchanges and marketplaces.  
  
— Sei accelerates blockchain efficiency and block finality, reducing it to a
mere 380 milliseconds through the twin-turbo consensus mechanism.  
  
— The network also has a built-in order book and matching engine, which
developers can use to create scalable, efficient, and user-friendly DEXs.  
  
One key use case of blockchain technology lies in trading digital assets.  
However, not all blockchains are designed for this type of value transfer. In
fact, the architecture of some blockchains makes trading digital assets more
of a challenge than a feature.

Issues like low liquidity and lack of transparency become persistent problems
due to the sheer volumes of transactions and the lack of proper
infrastructure. Some networks are great at offering fast transaction times but
don’t have the security and decentralization to run defi apps at scale. Then
other networks can support decentralized apps, but struggle with congestion,
meaning interacting with these apps is too slow and expensive. While many
chains opt to build upon another network to achieve their goals (i.e. via
layer two solutions), other networks focus on building app-complementary
infrastructure on the original network.

One such network is Sei. In short, its innovative architecture allows
developers to design scalable decentralized apps. But what is the Sei
blockchain? To understand its role in the crypto ecosystem, let’s explore SEI:
from its founders and ethos to its token and the network’s future.

## What Is The Sei Network?

Sei is an open-source Layer 1 blockchain that optimizes the trading of digital
assets.

The Sei Network is one of the fastest blockchains in existence, boasting a
theoretical speed of executing 12,500 transactions per second and a block
finality time of 380 milliseconds. These high-speed transactions make Sei
suitable for building decentralized exchanges, gaming finance (GameFi)
platforms, and NFT marketplaces.

Sei was built using the [Cosmos](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cosmos-the-
future-of-blockchain-interoperability) SDK framework, thus it is interoperable
with the Inter-Blockchain Communication Protocol (IBC). Using this framework,
SEI can seamlessly exchange data and tokens across different IBC networks
while retaining a unique underlying infrastructure.

## Who Is Behind Crypto Network Sei?

Jeffrey Feng and Jayendra Jog co-founded the San Francisco-based Sei Labs in
2021. Then Sei Labs launched the Sei Network in August 2023. Before Sei, Feng
worked at Goldman Sachs and Coatue Management while Jog was a software
engineer at Robinhood. The Forbes 30 under 30 list featured them for their
contributions to the Sei ecosystem in 2023.

Head of Ecosystem at Sei Labs,  Dan Edlebeck, has also played a key role in
the network’s development. He was previously the co-founder and CEO of the
web3 protocol, Exidio.

Working together, they managed to secure funding worth over $120 million from
notable venture capital firms, such as Multicoin Capital, Jump Crypto and
Coinbase Ventures, Delphi Digital to make SEI a reality.

## What Is Sei For?

Sei’s [Layer 1
network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/layer-1-blockchain) mainly
provides an infrastructure to build high-performing and user-friendly DeFi
apps. But of course, there’s a bit more to the network than that. To
understand SEI’s role, let’s look at each of the reasons you may want to use
the network.

### **DeFi Applications**

[Centralized exchanges](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-
a-centralized-cryptocurrency-exchange-cex) (CEXs) use off-chain order books to
control a major share of the total crypto trading volume. Although these
exchanges are fast, cheap, and capital-efficient, they go against blockchain’s
fundamental principle of decentralization.

While [decentalized exchanges](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-
a-dex-decentralized-exchanges-explained) (DEXs) already exist across multiple
chains, they often cause network congestion and slow execution. The only way
to make DEXs as efficient as CEXs without compromising on decentralization is
to use a better underlying network.

The Sei Network has a built-in order book infrastructure and a native order-
matching engine. This allows developers to build scalable, decentralized
exchanges with more stable liquidity.

### **Superfast Transactions**

A blockchain’s transaction speed depends on the time it takes
[validators](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-blockchain-validator) to
reach a consensus to determine the transaction’s validity. This process
involves block proposal and finalization, which usually takes some time.

The Sei network reduces a block’s ‘time to finality’ to less than 400
milliseconds via its custom consensus mechanism. Without getting too
technical, it means SEI can execute multiple transaction orders
simultaneously; leading to faster block finality.

### **Mitigating Frontrunning**

Frontrunning occurs when a trader uses their knowledge of pending transactions
to sneak in their own trades before someone else’s. The Sei network has a
method in place to minimize this frontrunning called frequent batch
auctioning. Put simply, this batches and clears market orders at a fixed price
to prevent traders from placing orders in queues. In doing so, SEI promotes a
much fairer trading environment.

### **Interoperability**

As part of the Cosmos ecosystem, Sei is interoperable with IBC blockchains,
which makes cross-chain communication more scalable and efficient. Plus, apps
are easily migratable, as SEI uses CosmWasm, a standardized [smart
contract](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-contract)
platform for Cosmos blockchains. This also means the ecosystem is inviting to
new developers as CosmWasm provides a comprehensive toolkit and enables
developers to write interoperable contracts in a familiar programming
language, Rust.

## What Is SEI Coin?

The SEI coin is the native currency of the Sei Network, which functions as a
utility and governance token in the Sei ecosystem. Users can pay transaction
fees in SEI tokens for all on-chain activities within the network. The token
also serves as native liquidity to provide collateral on Sei-based lending-
borrowing apps.

The total supply of SEI tokens is 10 billion, with an allocation as follows:

  * Ecosystem Reserve: 48%.
  * Foundation: 9%.
  * Team: 20%.
  * Launchpool: 3%.
  * Private Sale Investors: 20% 

Network validators can also stake SEI tokens or delegate their assets to
secure the network and earn rewards. Users can also tip validators in SEI to
prioritize their transactions. Plus, there are plans to introduce protocol
governance in the future.

## How Does The Sei Network Work?

The Sei Network uses a Twin-Turbo consensus mechanism to address blockchain
efficiency and improve block finality. These features along with its built-in
orderbook and matching engine promise a more efficient, transparent, and user-
friendly trading experience.

### **Twin-Turbo Consensus**

Before explaining the Twin-Turbo consensus, it’s important to understand that
it’s based on Cosmos’ Tendermint consensus.

Tendermint consensus offers a ‘single slot finality’, which provides
instantaneous block finalization. It has a 6-second block finality time and
almost negates the waiting period to finalize blocks on the network. Using
Tendermint, a block proposer creates a block and distributes it to the
validators. However, the validators still have to wait to receive all relevant
data to reach a consensus and finalize the block. This process takes about 13
minutes on most blockchains.

The Twin-Turbo Consensus builds on the Tendermint to bring down block finality
to around 380 milliseconds. It adopts an intelligent block propagation
technique and optimistic block processing to reduce the ‘time to finality’.
Let’s see how that works.

#### **Intelligent Block Propagation**

While most blockchains communicate all of the details of a transaction at the
block propagation stage, SEI uses an alternative method. Essentially, block
proposers on the SEI network can transmit compressed block proposals that only
include transaction hashes rather than each transaction’s full details.

This intelligent block propagation avoids unnecessary waiting time and
increases transaction throughput by over 40%.

#### **Optimistic Block Processing**

On traditional blockchains, block processing has two critical steps: the pre-
vote and pre-commit steps where validators reject invalid blocks. SEI skips
both of these steps by directly finalizing blocks.

Validators ‘optimistically’ process transactions when they receive a block
proposal instead of waiting for the pre-commit stage to end. In other words,
they process transactions before they are fully validated. If any blocks they
add are invalid, validators will delete them from the cache and stop block
processing at that block height. This optimistic processing significantly
speeds up transactions.

### **Built-in Orderbook and Matching Engine**

Besides the Twin-Turbo consensus, Sei network is packed with features to
optimize DEX trading.

Sei has an in-built order placement and matching engine at the Layer 1 level,
which allows it to develop on-chain orderbook-based crypto exchanges. This
chain-level engine helps developers build a Central Limit Order Book (CLOB)
system for decentralized trading platforms. CLOB is a cost-effective,
transparent, and capital-efficient method to trade assets on exchanges
compared to other DEX trading methods like [Automated market makers
(AMMs)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-an-automated-market-maker).

#### **Native Price Oracle**

Sei incorporates a native price oracle, providing accurate real-world data and
asset valuations. This price oracle helps validators to agree on a correct
asset price before executing a transaction and adding it to the blockchain.

#### **Parallel Order Execution**

Parallel order execution modifies the block production process to enable Sei
to process orders from independent markets simultaneously to maximize
transaction throughput. Orders from the same market, on the other hand, are
processed one after the other to ensure deterministic behavior from network
validators.

#### **Single Block Order Execution**

Single-block order execution allows traders to place orders and execute them
within a single block. High-frequency crypto traders directly benefit from
this feature, as they must quickly complete trading orders to book profits.

#### **Order Bundling**

Order bundling enhances the trading process, making it easier for market
makers to supply liquidity with greater efficiency. By aggregating orders, Sei
offers a cost-saving mechanism for managing trades. It further allows market
makers on decentralized exchanges to update token prices on multiple markets
in one go.

## The Future of Sei Network

The Sei roadmap demonstrates the Sei Labs team’s commitment to technical
innovation and expanding the Sei ecosystem. To illustrate, it is currently
working on upgrading the network to launch the first Parallelized Ethereum
Virtual Machine (EVM) to scale Ethereum-based apps. After the Sei v2 upgrade,
Sei will support both CosmWasm and EVM execution environments.

Sei Labs is also launching Parallel Stack, an open-source framework for Layer
2 solutions and rollups that leverages parallel processing. The Parallel Stack
will help all Ethereum L2 networks to become more efficient.

While SEI is not yet available in Ledger Live, the teams are working together
to make this integration a reality. So watch this space and you’ll be able to
protect your SEI assets in no time.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Sei%20Network%3A%20What%20It%20Is%20And%20How%20To%20Use%20It&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-
it&title=Sei%20Network%3A%20What%20It%20Is%20And%20How%20To%20Use%20It
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

[What Is dYdX Exchange?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-dump-in-crypto)

[What Is a Pump and Dump?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-
dump-in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-candlestick-charts-explained)

[How To Read Crypto Candlestick Charts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
candlestick-charts-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

[AI and Crypto Trading: Benefits, Projects, and the
Future](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-integration-of-
ai-and-cryptocurrency)

[Exploring the Integration of AI and
Cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-
integration-of-ai-and-cryptocurrency)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-in-crypto)

[What Is Slippage in Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-
in-crypto)

__Read

7 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=ea0dbc91-e756-480e-96c4-1b516a2f6a2f&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7dcfb8d1-5a61-420a-b3bd-8a8e2407eaf9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-
it&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=ea0dbc91-e756-480e-96c4-1b516a2f6a2f&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7dcfb8d1-5a61-420a-b3bd-8a8e2407eaf9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-
it&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=4344e277-5076-4451-bd1a-9031610299a3&sid=1674fb601cfd11ef934b451b47a790c6&vid=167521801cfd11efa6cc31779b123858&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Sei%20Network%3A%20What%20It%20Is%20And%20How%20To%20Use%20It%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it&r=&lt=1663&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=825781)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A00%20GMT&n=0&b=Sei%20Network%3A%20What%20It%20Is%20And%20How%20To%20Use%20It%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fsei-
network-what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

