Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Custody

# Protect digital asset keys **without trade-offs**

Combine the best key management technologies to reach the ultimate level of
protection without sacrificing liquidity.

[Explore your custody options](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Explore your
custody options")

## Become a **digital asset custodian**

Secure and maintain absolute control over private keys

  * __

### Choose the right operating model

Choose your preferred wallet isolation setup, key repository, deployment
method and governance model.

  * __

### Execute fast, de-risked MVP

Go to market fast with a proven MVP playbook, with option to leverage our SaaS
and fully managed infrastructure.

  * __

### Iterate and scale to billions of wallets

Build commercial offerings and scalable, future-proof digital asset business
models.

![Custody Vaults](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/custody-
vaults.png?x88149)

  * ### **Optimal combination of MPC and HSM**

Combine the best of multi-party computation and hardware security to
decentralize risk and minimize the attack surface.

  * ### **Ultimate level of isolation with advanced air-gapping**

Disconnect the keys from all networks and enforce strict controls around
access to your cold infrastructure.

  * ### **Highest protection against physical attacks**

Rely on extreme tamper-detection measures and nanosecond zeroization
capabilities.

## Optimally balance **liquidity and security**

Create multiple vaults with varying temperatures to optimize the level of
liquidity and security based upon the use-case and service level.

  * __

### Cold vaults

Long-term custody & manual processes

  * __

### Hot vaults

Fast transactions & full automation

## The global **standard**

The only custody solution built with Tier 1 banks to underpin complex
commercial offerings.

  * __

### Unique multi-vault custody setup

Always maintain full control over private keys. Store digital assets by
leveraging any combination of key management technology, tailored to your
needs.

  * __

### Highest market-rated security model

Remove central points of compromise. Secure keys thanks to multi-layered
security architecture, supercharged by FIPS 140-2 Level 4 certified HSM
encryption.

  * __

### Hot, warm and institutional cold storage

Scale commercial offerings with our institutional cold storage solution which
offers the highest possible protection, coupled with hot and warm wallets for
access to liquidity.

  * __

### Scalable, bank-grade compliance and governance

Configure an end-to-end secure policy framework spanning all administrative
processes and transactions on the platform, on exchanges and DeFi platforms.

  * __

### Advanced on- and off-chain accounting capabilities

Consume segregated and omnibus account models seamlessly with an automated
management of gas and reserves.

  * __

### Optionality for business and operating model evolution

Leverage a single platform to govern all business units, use cases, and
regulatory regimes.

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/silvia_ibarra.jpeg?x88149)

1/2

 ____

Testimonials

“Leveraging **Metaco’s platform** fully integrated into our core banking
system, BBVA Switzerland and BBVA NewGen enables its private banking clients
to combine traditional financial assets with digital assets with the utmost
security. This awarded service would not have been possible without this
technology, which turned it all into reality.”

Silvia Ibarra

Head of Client Solutions at BBVA Switzerland

[Find out more](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/thebanker-bbva-metaco/
"Find out more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/maxime_de_guillebon-640x640.jpeg?x88149)

2/2

 ____

Testimonials

“Zodia’s collaboration with Metaco allows us to safeguard and manage crypto
assets for institutions. **Metaco Harmonize** allows us to co-innovate and
build on top of a secure, flexible and modular platform, providing Zodia with
an agile infrastructure equally fit for the regulations and conditions
currently in place, but also for any possible future ones.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/zodia-logo.svg?x88149)

Maxime de Guillebon

CEO at Zodia Custody, by Standard Chartered

## Make it **happen**

Find out how other leading top-tier banks, exchanges and  
financial institutions are building a digital asset custody business  
on top of Metaco Harmonize.

[Request a meeting with an expert](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request a
meeting with an expert")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

