Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

[Network](/blog/?interval=3&category=Network)

8 min read

# Revisiting Solana: New Developments and the Path Forward

Innovations that Define its Future

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='675'%20width='1200'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Cover
Image](/static/bbf0e9003e22808bdb73a1f06e754e34/bb8ee/Staking_Guide_solana_new_74b6562350.png)![Cover
Image](/static/bbf0e9003e22808bdb73a1f06e754e34/bb8ee/Staking_Guide_solana_new_74b6562350.png)

Published on

11 Oct, 2023

Copy
Link[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22Revisiting%20Solana%3A%20New%20Developments%20and%20the%20Path%20Forward%22&url=)[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=&title=Revisiting%20Solana%3A%20New%20Developments%20and%20the%20Path%20Forward&summary=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22Revisiting%20Solana%3A%20New%20Developments%20and%20the%20Path%20Forward%22)

Solana and its industry-wide impacts are very well known. Since its inception
in 2017, Solana has not only disrupted but redefined the cryptocurrency space,
setting new standards for speed, scalability, and innovation. Since our [last
overview on Solana](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/SolanaOverview/) \- the
greater cryptocurrency space has gone through many ups and downs - and has had
changes that came along with it. Solana is no different, and here we are with
the latest developments.

## Solana’s Unique Edge

The core offerings and values of Solana haven't changed. Solana continues to
excel in delivering on its promises, providing users with the same
unparalleled speed, decentralization, scalability, and environmental
consciousness.

With block times of just 400 milliseconds, Solana ensures that users are not
kept waiting, making it a standout in the world of cryptocurrencies. They even
challenge users to try and [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/) \-
there’s nothing like some fun keyboard mashing to reinstate your trust!

Its network, validated by thousands of nodes, remains steadfast in its
commitment to data security and censorship resistance. The high degree of
decentralization comes from client diversity and the wide geographic
distribution of nodes. Another testament to this fact is the relatively high
[Nakamoto coefficient](https://nakaflow.io/) \- which has shown consistent
growth.

Scalability is as impressive as ever, handling thousands of transactions per
second while maintaining minimal fees. Solana's dedication to environmental
sustainability endures, with each transaction leaving a negligible carbon
footprint.

What initially drew people to Solana - processing speeds of 50,000 TPS, while
maintaining a measly cost of $0.00025, is still relevant today. An offering
which still eclipses major chains like Ethereum. Solana hence remains a very
popular choice for transactions and smart contract deployment.

## New and Improved!

Solana has also received multiple upgrades and introduced new features in
recent times. These upgrades have propped up the value of the chain and
rejuvenated the interest in the network.

### Upcoming Firedancer Validator

The original Solana validator client, while being very innovative, faced
certain limitations that affected its performance and scalability. One of the
key challenges was its capacity to handle concurrent transactions and support
sharding, which became increasingly crucial as the Solana network expanded.
That brings us to a major event - the Firedancer Validator.

As a next-generation independent validator client for Solana, Firedancer
brings many upgrades to the chain. Under development by [Jump
Crypto](https://twitter.com/jump_), this update can bring about greater client
diversity, increased performance, and scalability and it may even make running
nodes more economical.

First and foremost, it elevates transaction processing capabilities to an
unprecedented level, with support for a higher number of concurrent
transactions. This translates to lightning-fast transaction processing times
and a significant reduction in potential bottlenecks. These impressive feats
are made possible by leveraging the efficiency and reliability of C and C++
programming languages.

Moreover, the Firedancer upgrade introduces support for sharding, a critical
feature that enhances scalability as the Solana network continues to grow.
Sharding enables the blockchain to scale horizontally, opening up new
dimensions of capacity and efficiency.

Firedancer doesn't stop there. It optimizes networking and P2P communication
through advanced protocols, streamlining the propagation of blocks and
transactions. Techniques like compression and batching significantly reduce
the volume of data transmitted across the network, further enhancing its
efficiency and speed.

The upgrade also ushers in an enhanced consensus protocol. Firedancer utilizes
a modified version of Solana's proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus protocol,
designed for greater efficiency and reliability than the original. It's
essential to note that Firedancer acts as an augmentation rather than a
replacement for the existing Solana validator client, ensuring a smooth
transition to this advanced ecosystem

Solana Virtual Machine currently controls just 3% of the market, but with the
Firedancer upgrades, Solana will finally have the muscles to push for a larger
portion of the pie.

### V1.16 Update

Solana’s V1.16 update has introduced significant improvements, mainly focusing
on innovations that greatly improve privacy. The finalising of this update
took place in September 2023, after months of development and a security audit
by Halborn.

Confidential Transfers: Solana's V1.16 update introduced "Confidential
Transfers," a groundbreaking feature that enhances user privacy by encrypting
SPL token transactions. This innovation allows blockchain transactions to
occur without revealing sensitive transaction details, marking a significant
step forward in privacy-conscious blockchain technology.

Performance Optimizations: Solana brings multiple performance optimizations
and stability improvements to the network. This not only enhances the
efficiency and stability of Solana but also significantly reduces RAM usage
for validators. In fact, at Luganodes, we noted that our validator was running
smoothly on just 39 GB of RAM, which is a significant improvement from around
120GB from previous versions.

> 2/  
> Since the release of v1.16, the memory optimization has been nothing short
> of amazing!📈  
>  
> Currently, our validator is running smoothly on just ~39 GB of RAM, which is
> a significant improvement from around ~120GB from previous versions!
> [pic.twitter.com/o7lqcvPSiZ](https://t.co/o7lqcvPSiZ)
>
> — Yanshu | Luganodes (@0xyanshu) [September 28, 2023](https://twitter.com/0xyanshu/status/1707387014277210538?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)

Zero-Knowledge Proof Capabilities: One of the most noteworthy aspects of this
update is Solana's native support for an efficient elliptic curve (BN-128) and
streamlined zero-knowledge proof verification. This advancement in zero-
knowledge proof technology decreases the overall cost of generating and
verifying proofs, making Solana more cost-effective and efficient.
Furthermore, this capability can be interoperable with Ethereum smart
contracts, promoting cross-chain compatibility.

### Features

Other than the major upgrades - Solana also brought along some nifty features.

EVM Compatibility with Hyperledger Solang: Hyperledger Solang introduces an
exciting shift in the Solana ecosystem by bringing Ethereum Virtual Machine
(EVM) compatibility to the platform. With the ability to build on Solana using
Solidity, the primary language for Ethereum smart contracts, this innovation
bridges the gap between EVM developers and Solana.

State Compression Technology: Solana incorporated a revolutionary new feature
that allows developers to store data on-chain at a fraction of the cost. This
is made possible by using a combination of Merkle trees and cryptographic
hashing to compress data into a much smaller size. This is important for a
variety of applications, such as NFTs, decentralized finance (DeFi), and
gaming.

## Opportunities

The recent developments from a trusted player have marked a new beginning for
Solana. We anticipate further utilization of Solana in the near future. Some
of these opportunities are already emerging, and here are some of them.

### Institutional Adoption

On Solana's website, one can clearly see major companies such as Discord,
Google, Meta, and Shopify, which have harnessed Solana's capabilities at some
point. Well-versed in serving large industrial clients, Solana continues to
cater to these companies. Solana's improving tech stack has attracted
enterprises to use the Solana Virtual Machine (SVM).

Solana Pay is available as an approved app integration on Shopify, one of the
world's largest e-commerce platforms, enabling USDC transactions. Visa, the
world's largest bank card provider and a major player in the payments industry
is one of the first to directly use Solana to enhance the speed of cross-
border transactions. This milestone represents a futuristic shift in the way
transactions are conducted by TradFi institutions.

> 9/ It's still early days, but Visa has already settled millions of dollars
> of USDC over the Ethereum and Solana blockchains between our clients. We are
> committed to continuing to innovate around how we move money and providing
> our clients modern options for settlement
> [pic.twitter.com/pbByiMAPAY](https://t.co/pbByiMAPAY)
>
> — Cuy Sheffield (@cuysheffield) [September 5,
> 2023](https://twitter.com/cuysheffield/status/1699031134229926284?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)

### Growth of Liquid Staking Derivatives (LSDs)

In the last few years, we have seen a craze for liquid staking and platforms
related to it. Ethereum has 40% of its staked ETH in liquid staking protocols,
while Solana has just about 3-4%. But that is about to change as SOL liquid
staking is picking up pace. JitoSOL, a liquid staking token on Solana, has
experienced significant growth in recent months, with over 2.4M SOL staked
over the course of the year. This growth is a positive sign for the Solana
ecosystem, as it indicates that more users are interested in staking their SOL
and participating in the network. This can lead to an increase in overall TVL
and also aid the security and decentralisation of the network.

## Looking Ahead

While we can be hopeful for a success story and keep up with the new
developments, we should also be able to see its real-world impact. And yes, we
have noticed tangible markers which support the growth of Solana. Solana has
shown stable growth since the beginning of this year. The TVL started off this
year with $210 million and at the time of writing is at $309 million. The
token price started with a low $10 and has more than doubled to $22 as of now.
While the change hasn’t been extraordinary - a steady change shows promise
when we take all the hurdles, accomplishments and overall developments into
account.

![image \(62\).png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/image_62_287bb1df6d.png)

## Conclusion

That concludes our revisit of the Solana chain. A lot has evolved, while the
core elements that define Solana continue to stand for good reasons. It's
intriguing to note the numerous changes that have contributed to the chain's
improvement and resurgence in the limelight. Progress, innovation, and a
forward-looking approach drive the cryptocurrency space forward, and much of
this is evident in the Solana story. We're already excited to continue this
discussion in another article in the near future!

If you hold the SOL token, you can enhance your portfolio by staking to earn
rewards. Leverage Luganodes' institutional-grade infrastructure to stake your
holdings and create a passive income. Staking with us ensures ease of use,
support, and safety while you earn, and also contribute to the security of the
Solana chain.

Learn how to stake SOL tokens using this
[guide](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/SOLSG/). You can learn more about
staking on our
[website](https://www.luganodes.com/?utm_source=Blog&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=Blog%20-%20article%20-%20Footer),
and feel free to [contact
us](https://www.luganodes.com/#signup?utm_source=Blog&utm_medium=article&utm_campaign=Blog%20-%20article%20-%20Footer)
for any queries!

## About Luganodes

Luganodes is a world-class, Swiss-operated, non-custodial blockchain
infrastructure provider that has rapidly gained recognition in the industry
for offering institutional-grade services. It was born out of the Lugano Plan
B Program, an initiative driven by Tether and the City of Lugano. Luganodes
maintains an exceptional 99.9% uptime with round-the-clock monitoring by SRE
experts. With support for 40+ PoS networks, it ranks among the top validators
on Polygon, Polkadot, Sui, and Tron. Luganodes prioritizes security and
compliance, holding the distinction of being one of the first staking
providers to adhere to all SOC 2 Type II, GDPR, and ISO 27001 standards as
well as offering Chainproof insurance to institutional clients.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

