s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Squads Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata Updates

May 17, 2024

![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)

**Key takeaways**

  * Token extensions allow for digital assets with novel functionalities and capabilities.

  * Squads Token Manager now enables Squads users to mint tokens with Solanaâs Token Extensions program

  * Squads users can now update their tokenâs metadata from the Squads app.

  

## **Token Extensions**

Since the end of 2023, Solanaâs transaction volumes have been able to keep
up, and even temporarily surpass, that of Ethereum.

This activity has been catalyzed by airdrops and token launches â such as
the ones from Jito and Jupiter â as well as the broader rise of memecoins
such as BONK and WIF.

On the back of memecoins, platforms such as pump.fun have even generated more
revenue than the underlying network, highlighting the healthy growth of the
Solana ecosystem.

<https://x.com/DegenerateNews/status/1790594401485377905>

Solana tokens, whether governance tokens or memecoins, have been doing
astonishingly well.

With Token Manager from Squads, teams and developers can mint, burn, and
manage the authorities of their tokens, simplifying token management.

Now, Token Manager also enables the use of  Solanaâs [token
extensions](https://solana.com/solutions/token-extensions).

Token extensions expand the Solana Program Library (SPL), ringing in a new era
that represents a significant leap forward in what is possible on public
blockchains. At its core, the program allows developers to choose [13
individual token extensions](https://solana.com/developers/guides/token-
extensions/getting-started) or combine multiple to design digital assets with
novel functionalities and advanced capabilities that were not possible on
public blockchains.

Head over to our [docs](https://docs.squads.so/main/navigating-your-
squad/developers-assets/token-manager) to learn more about how Token Manager
enables you to mint tokens with the Token Extensions program and the Metadata
extension right from the Squads app.

## **Metadata Updates**

Now with Squads Token Manager, you can update your tokenâs metadata directly
from your Squad. You can update metadata and edit token metadata for SPL Token
and Token Extensions programs.  
  
[Head over to our docs](https://docs.squads.so/main/navigating-your-
squad/developers-assets/token-
manager#:~:text=token%20pop%2Dup-,How%20to%20update%20your%20tokens%20metadata,-Click%20on%20the)
to learn more.

Take advantage of Solana's token extensions and the ability to update token
metadata using Squads!  
  

  

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

**About Squads Protocol**

Squads is a multisig protocol that helps web3-native teams manage and secure
digital assets on-chain. Squads Protocol v3 is the first formally verified
program on Solana. Squads Protocol v4 introduces time locks, spending limits,
roles, sub-accounts, fee relayers, multiple-party payments, support for
SquadsX and more. Squads v4 has already been audited by Neodyme, OtterSec, and
Trail of Bits. It is currently undergoing two formal verifications, one by
OtterSec and the other by Certora. To learn more about Squads Protocol, please
visit <https://squads.so/protocol>

Continue reading

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![squads-multisig-frontend-alternative-ui-open-
source-cli-tool-command-line-interace-squads-protocol-solana-multisig-sdk-
backup-
kit](https://framerusercontent.com/images/uAfAsDKP5JsZAuoDiRStU955nQ.png)Releasing
the Squads Backup KitFebruary 8, 2024](./squads-backup-kit)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

