Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Navigating the Journey of Brazil's Financial Landscape

# Brazil: **an evolving crypto hub?**

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/website-brochure-
brazil-06-650.png?x88149)

Brazil, a leading force in fintech innovation, is rapidly establishing itself
as a stronghold for cryptocurrencies and digital assets. Discover the
strategic insights that can empower your institutional involvement.

Download the reportSubscribe to our insights

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/website-brochure-
brazil-06-650.png?x88149)

## What can Brazil's fintech revolution **teach the world about digital
assets?**

Brazil has a unique place in the fintech revolution that upended and compelled
traditional financial institutions to transform over the last decade. Home to
what was one of the most unbanked populations among the BRICS nations, Brazil
has come a long way since the birth of some of the most innovative fintech
companies in the world, such as Nubank. PIX, Brazil’s famed real time
settlement network has been a catalyst of driving the country’s financial
inclusion agenda in the last two-and-a-half years.

And now thanks to a potent combination of progressive regulation, mature
market infrastructure and a culture of innovation, Brazil is quickly turning
into a strong hub for not only cryptocurrencies but for the broader digital
assets’ ecosystem. Brazil holds vital lessons other markets might emulate to
ride the impending wave of mainstream adoption of digital assets.

Please allow cookies from Pardot to display this form.

Allow cookies

## Brazil: A Unique Digital Asset Ecosystem

Learn more about Brazil's Digital Asset Ecosystem

Please allow cookies from Pardot to display this form.

Allow cookies

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/the-functional-evolution-report-lp-07-640x640.png?x88149)

[Whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/category/whitepaper/)

March 22, 2024

### [The Functional Evolution of Digital
Assets](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/functional-evolution-digital-assets/
"The Functional Evolution of Digital Assets")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/dlt-lp_dlt-fb-1080-01-copy-640x640.png?x88149)

[Whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/category/whitepaper/)

February 20, 2024

### [How, when and where DLT and financial services
converge](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/dlt-from-pilots-to-applications/
"How, when and where DLT and financial services converge")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/website-brochure-brazil-pt-1000-07-1-640x640.png?x88149)

[Whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/category/whitepaper/)

November 1, 2023

### [Brasil: um hub de cripto em
evolução?](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/brasil-um-hub-de-cripto-em-
evolucao/ "Brasil: um hub de cripto em evolução?")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Brazil: A Unique Digital Asset
Ecosystem](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 0:40•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NBLEPqjWGEs), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

