[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/hacking-adhd-strategies-for-the-modern-
developer) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog
posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 11/14/2023 

# Hacking ADHD – Strategies for the Modern Developer

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/hacking-adhd-strategies-for-the-modern-
developer) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog
posts")

##### Introduction

After struggling a lot with my mental health (anxiety, depressive condition)
for several years, I was diagnosed with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity
Disorder, commonly known as ADHD, at the age of 44. This diagnosis shocked me
a lot: I wasn’t a wild child, in fact, I was even a good pupil. With the help
of my therapist, I was able to understand that ADHD can take multiple forms
and that it can go undiagnosed until adulthood. Since then, I’ve been trying
many technics to overcome it and make the best of it in my professional life.
This article sums up what I learned so far.

##### What is ADHD?

_Disclaimer: I’m not a psychiatrist nor a neurologist, so this description is
surely incomplete_

ADHD is a neurodevelopmental disorder that affects both children and adults.
According to the American Psychiatric Association’s Diagnostic and Statistical
Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-5), ADHD is characterized by a persistent
pattern of inattention and/or hyperactivity-impulsivity that interferes with
functioning or development.

ADHD manifests differently in individuals:

  * Some people mainly have symptoms of inattention. 
  * Others mostly have symptoms of hyperactivity-impulsivity. 
  * Some have a combination of both. 

While everybody can occasionally experience some inattention, unfocused motor
activity, and impulsivity, people with ADHD endure more severe and frequent
occurrences of these behaviors. These manifestations can interfere with or
reduce the quality of how they function socially, at school, or in a job.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/adhd-1.png)

Not diagnosing and managing ADHD can lead to a range of complications,
including anxiety, burn-out or depression.

It’s not uncommon for ADHD to go undiagnosed until adulthood, as my experience
shows. Many adults discover they have ADHD only after their children are
diagnosed, leading them to recognize similar patterns in their own behavior.

Several factors contribute to late diagnosis:

  * **Coping Mechanisms** : Over the years, adults develop various coping strategies that can mask ADHD symptoms. For instance, someone might excessively rely on calendars, to-do lists, or alarms to compensate for forgetfulness.
  * **Different Environment** : The transition from structured educational settings to less structured work environments can reveal hidden ADHD symptoms. In school, frequent tests and immediate deadlines can actually serve as scaffolding for people with ADHD. In contrast, long-term projects and self-management in a work environment can expose challenges in planning and sustained focus.
  * **Less Oversight** : Unlike children, who are constantly observed by teachers and parents, adults generally have less oversight. This means symptoms can go unnoticed, especially if they don’t manifest as disruptive behavior.
  * **Societal Stigma** : The stigma surrounding ADHD can discourage people from seeking diagnosis and treatment. There’s a common misconception that ADHD is a “childhood disorder,” or merely a lack of willpower, which can make adults hesitate to consult healthcare professionals.
  * **Common Misdiagnoses** : ADHD symptoms can sometimes be misinterpreted as signs of depression or anxiety disorders. The restlessness and difficulty in focusing associated with ADHD may result in a misdiagnosis, especially if other symptoms like impulsivity are less evident. A thorough evaluation is crucial for an accurate diagnosis.

##### ADHD as a Double-Edged Sword for Developers

ADHD is often viewed through a negative lens, yet it’s important to
acknowledge that the disorder brings not only challenges but also its own set
of benefits.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/adhd-2.png)

###### Benefits

  * **Hyperfocus** : One of the paradoxical advantages of ADHD is the ability to hyperfocus on tasks that you find genuinely interesting or rewarding. This can be especially beneficial in coding, where being “in the zone” can lead to high levels of productivity.
  * **Creative Problem-Solving** : The ADHD brain is often highly creative and capable of out-of-the-box thinking, which can be invaluable in software development where novel solutions are often needed.
  * **Quick Adaptation** : Many people with ADHD thrive in dynamic environments that would overwhelm others. The rapidly changing nature of technology can therefore be an ideal playground for developers with ADHD.

###### Challenges

  * **Time Management** : ADHD can make it difficult to gauge how long a task will take, leading to procrastination and last-minute rushes. This can be particularly challenging in development projects with tight deadlines.
  * **Organizational Skills** : Keeping track of multiple codebases, debugging, and even remembering to comment code can be more challenging when you have ADHD.
  * **Consistency** : While you may excel at certain tasks, the variability in performance can be a concern. Some days might be incredibly productive, while others are marred by distractions and a lack of focus.

Understanding the complexities of ADHD is crucial for adapting your work
environment and strategies to leverage its strengths while mitigating its
weaknesses.

##### Understanding the ADHD brain

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/adhd-3.png)

When it comes to ADHD, understanding the neurological factors at play can
offer valuable insights into managing the condition effectively. One
neurotransmitter that plays a significant role in ADHD is dopamine. This
chemical is responsible for regulating mood, focus, and attention. In the ADHD
brain, dopamine levels are often lower than average, which can result in a
constant search for stimulation.

###### Dopamine and Motivation

“I have motivation issues until I have deadline ones,” is how I often describe
my relationship with tasks. Dopamine acts as a motivator, urging us to achieve
goals and complete tasks. However, its scarcity in the ADHD brain means that
the urgency often kicks in only when a deadline approaches. This leads to
last-minute rushes that can be either extremely productive or terribly
stressful.

###### Hyperfocus

Another common phenomenon among people with ADHD is hyperfocus. While it may
seem counterintuitive, those with ADHD can sometimes focus so intensely on a
task that they lose all track of time. I’ve found myself immersed in tasks,
aiming for perfection, to the extent that hours fly by unnoticed. While this
can be an asset in tasks requiring deep concentration, hyperfocus can also
become a liability when you neglect other important tasks.

###### Perfectionism

In my experience, things must either be perfect or not done at all. This
perfectionism can be attributed, in part, to how the ADHD brain is wired. We
crave the dopamine hit that comes from completing a task perfectly, which
often leads us to spend more time on a project than initially planned, fine-
tuning every detail.

By recognizing these traits and their underlying neurochemical causes, we can
develop strategies and choose the right tools to help us manage our symptoms
more effectively.

##### Creating and navigating an ADHD-friendly work environment

In a field like software development, where focus and attention to detail are
critical, the work environment can either make or break your productivity.
When you have ADHD, crafting an environment that suits your unique cognitive
profile is not just beneficial but essential.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/adhd-4.png)

###### Setting up a Stimulating Workspace

The ideal workspace for someone with ADHD is not necessarily minimalist or
clutter-free. It’s a space that provides stimulation without becoming
distracting. For me, having multiple monitors has been a game-changer; it
allows me to spread out my tasks visibly and switch between them as needed
without losing track.

###### Open Office vs. Remote Work: The ADHD Perspective

While the open office layout is often praised for fostering collaboration, it
can be a minefield of distractions for someone with ADHD. Remote work offers
the freedom to tailor your environment to your needs but comes with its own
set of challenges like isolation.

Enter the Hybrid Setup: The Best of Both Worlds

A hybrid work setup can be the golden mean, allowing you the flexibility to
work remotely when you need to hunker down and focus, while also offering the
option to come into an office for teamwork and social interaction. For someone
like me, who thrives in different settings depending on the task at hand, this
is ideal.

  * **Focus Days** : Choose remote work on days when you need to dive deep into code or take on tasks requiring sustained attention.
  * **Collaboration Days** : Opt for the office environment when the agenda involves brainstorming sessions, team meetings, or project kick-offs.

By actively selecting your work environment based on your daily or weekly
needs, you take control of your productivity without sacrificing collaboration
or focus.

###### Asynchronous Communication

Immediate, synchronous communication might be efficient for quick decision-
making, but can be a nightmare when you’re trying to focus. Consider these
asynchronous communication methods that give you the time and space to
concentrate without constant interruption:

  * **Scheduled Updates** : Replace frequent status meetings with scheduled written updates through platforms like Slack or Microsoft Teams.
  * **Documentation** : Use wikis, shared documents, or tools like Confluence to keep easily accessible and up-to-date information without requiring immediate attention.
  * **Discussion Threads** : Platforms allowing threaded conversations, like Slack threads or forum posts, can let you engage in discussions at your own pace.
  * **Issue Trackers** : Tools like JIRA or GitHub Issues can keep everyone updated without needing a meeting to discuss progress or blockers.
  * **Video Messages** : Recorded video updates are an underrated method for delivering complex information. Tools like Loom allow you to create quick videos that team members can watch when it best suits them.
  * **Amazon’s Silent Meeting Technique** : Amazon has popularized the “Silent Meeting” approach, where participants read a six-page memo at the start of the meeting in complete silence. This allows for deep, focused thought before moving on to a discussion. It’s an excellent way to ensure everyone is on the same page (literally and figuratively) and it respects individual attention spans.

By applying these asynchronous methods, you can keep the team in the loop
without disrupting your or anyone else’s flow state.

###### Managing Interruptions in Team Settings

Interruptions can wreak havoc on anyone’s focus, but they are especially
detrimental for people with ADHD. In my team, we take a flexible approach that
allows each individual to manage their own focus time. Team members are
encouraged to block off periods in their calendars, switch off notifications,
or do whatever else is necessary to maintain focus during work hours.

To balance the need for individual focus with the benefits of team
interaction, we have a standing “Virtual Coffee” appointment every day at 4PM.
Attendance isn’t mandatory, but it’s an open invitation to pause, catch up,
and discuss anything from work progress to the latest Netflix series. This
approach fosters a sense of community without imposing on anyone’s focused
work time.

By adopting this strategy, we ensure that everyone has the latitude to work in
a way that suits their attention span and cognitive style, while still
maintaining the benefits of team cohesion.

##### Self-Management Strategies and Tools: Addressing ADHD Symptoms

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/adhd-5.png)

Navigating ADHD’s unique challenges and benefits has led me to rely on an
assortment of tools and strategies that make up my personal tech stack and
self-management techniques. Let’s dive in:

###### Obsidian: The Command Center for My Day

[Obsidian](https://obsidian.md/) isn’t just a note-taking app for me; it’s the
cornerstone of my daily organization. Here’s how I utilize its capabilities:

  * **Daily Notes** : Every morning, I start my day by planning it out in a custom template that displays my Google Calendar events and Todoist task list.
  * **Jira Integration** : Notes are auto-generated for each Jira ticket I work on, simplifying the process of logging work details.
  * **Google Calendar Integration** : Meeting notes are created automatically for every meeting I attend, keeping me organized.
  * **Readwise & Pocket**: I keep track of book comments and articles-to-read via Readwise and Pocket integrations.
  * **Google Contact** : I can link people I work with in my notes, helping me make connections between tasks and stakeholders.
  * **Other Subjects** : I also make notes on a myriad of other topics (like drafts for this blog post) and link them to my daily note.
  * **End-of-Day Review** : At day’s end, I revisit my daily notes, shifting unfinished tasks and adding any overlooked items.

###### Time Management: Powering Through with Reclaim.ai

I swear by [Reclaim.ai](https://reclaim.ai) for managing my time. It
automatically schedules focus time for me—some sessions are ‘protected,’
meaning they can’t be deleted or moved, while others offer more flexibility.
It even blocks out time for lunch and short “decompression” breaks after
meetings.

###### Communication: Mastering Slack

I make the most of Slack’s [“remind me
later”](https://slack.com/help/articles/208423427-Set-a-reminder#set-a-
message-reminder) feature. If I’m in the middle of something and get
interrupted by a Slack message, I simply set a reminder to revisit it later.

###### Focus Aid: Tuning in with Brain.fm

When it’s time to hunker down, I turn on [Brain.fm](https://brain.fm). I’m
even using it right now. I particularly love the “interval timer” feature,
which uses the Pomodoro Technique to alternate between focus time and short
breaks.

By employing this tech stack and these strategies, I’ve been able to not just
manage, but leverage my ADHD. Each piece of this puzzle addresses specific
symptoms, transforming what some might see as challenges into opportunities
for productivity and success.

##### Conclusion: Turning ADHD Challenges into Strengths in Software
Development

As someone who was diagnosed with ADHD at 44, I’ve come to appreciate both the
struggles and the advantages it brings to my professional life. By
understanding the underlying neurology of ADHD and adopting a targeted set of
tools and strategies, I’ve managed to turn what many perceive as a setback
into a unique toolkit for success. From customized planning and asynchronous
communication to harnessing focus and hyperfocus, my journey might resonate
with many developers facing similar challenges.

###### The Importance of Mental Health

It’s essential to underline the critical role of mental health care. ADHD can
often coexist with other mental health conditions like anxiety or depression,
and the toll it takes can be considerable. Therefore, never hesitate to seek
professional help from psychiatrists, psychologists, or therapists. Your
mental well-being is crucial, and experts can provide a structured approach to
managing ADHD symptoms.

ADHD isn’t a “one-size-fits-all” condition, but the strategies and tools
discussed here can offer a good starting point for software engineers looking
to make the most out of their workdays. Remember, with the right approach and
environment, ADHD can be a strength, not just a challenge.

_Credits: Images generated by_[ _OpenAI_](https://openai.com) _‘s DALL-E._

> [Raphael LEMAITRE](https://rlemaitre.com/)
>
> Senior staff Engineer

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-from-
ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s
CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 05/28/2024 

Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gaut...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-
from-ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From
Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

Investing in cryptoassets is not regulated, may not be suitable for retail
investors and the entire amount invested may be lost. It is important to read
and understand the risks of this investment, which are explained in detail.
[in detail at this page](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

