[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%82%D9%88%D8%A9-ledger-live)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/hardwarewallet/ledger-live-%E7%9A%84%E5%8A%9B%E9%87%8F)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/hardwarewallet/la-puissance-de-ledger-live)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/die-leistungsfaehigkeit-von-ledger-live)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%B7%D0%BC%D0%BE%D0%B6%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8-ledger-live)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/hardwarewallet/el-poder-de-ledger-live)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/ledger-live%E3%81%AE%E3%83%91%E3%83%AF%E3%83%BC)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/ledger-live%EC%9D%98-%ED%9E%98)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/ledger-livein-gucu)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/solucoes-da-ledger/o-poder-do-ledger-live)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%82%D9%88%D8%A9-ledger-live)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/hardwarewallet/ledger-live-%E7%9A%84%E5%8A%9B%E9%87%8F)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/hardwarewallet/la-puissance-de-ledger-live)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/die-leistungsfaehigkeit-von-ledger-live)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%B7%D0%BC%D0%BE%D0%B6%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8-ledger-live)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/hardwarewallet/el-poder-de-ledger-live)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/ledger-live%E3%81%AE%E3%83%91%E3%83%AF%E3%83%BC)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/ledger-live%EC%9D%98-%ED%9E%98)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/ledger-livein-gucu)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/solucoes-da-ledger/o-poder-do-ledger-live)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it __
  * ... __
  * Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?

The Classroom

PATHWAY H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it

chapter 1/4

# Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?

Apr 24, 2020 | **Updated Nov 9, 2023**

__Read 4 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-live
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Why%20Use%20Ledger%20Live%20For%20Payments%20and%20Transactions%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-live "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-power-of-ledger-live
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-
live&title=Why%20Use%20Ledger%20Live%20For%20Payments%20and%20Transactions%3F
"Reddit")

![Ledger devices on a podium](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/10_Ledger-Ecosystem_Cover_White-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Ledger Live, combined with a Ledger hardware wallet, means you’re the only
one in control of your crypto assets – with total security.  
  
— You can manage overs 1,800+ coins and tokens in one app, wherever you go.  
  
— Manage your dApps easily and securely through the discover section, a
central gateway for all of your supported apps  
  
— Buy and sell and stake crypto through Ledger Live with our partners  
  
  
Ledger’s ecosystem was designed with the specifics of crypto in mind, enabling
you to enjoy security, ownership and ease of use for your crypto all in one
place. As part of this ecosystem, [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-
live) is the all-in-one app that, combined with your Ledger hardware wallet,
allows you to do everything you want with your digital assets.

If you already have a Ledger device and you’ve set it up, you’ll be familiar
with the Ledger Live interface. It’s part of the set up process for your
hardware wallet, letting you create and manage the accounts you need. But
that’s not the sole purpose of Ledger Live. It also provides you with a secure
gateway to key crypto services. Whatever you want to do, be it buy, sell, swap
or even earn crypto, the Ledger ecosystem has an option for you.

So, how does Ledger’s ecosystem facilitate that exactly?

## **Buy crypto**

Interacting with web3 inevitably means buying crypto. If you want to access
any blockchain app or service, you’re going to need some funds to offer. There
are tons of different ways to buy cryptocurrencies. However, one of the
easiest and most secure methods is to [buy crypto via Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/blog/buy-crypto-through-ledger-which-provider-is-
made-for-me).

Using a Ledger buy provider, you can easily buy Bitcoin, Ethereum, Bitcoin
Cash, Polkadot, Stellar, USDT and Dash, and many more. Plus, you can also
safely store and manage over [1,800 different types of
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets), thanks to its bespoke
integrations and there are more coins and tokens joining the list each day.

What’s more, all the crypto that you buy in Ledger Live is automatically sent
to your Ledger hardware wallet. So you don’t need to set up a transaction from
your exchange to the address managed by your Ledger hardware wallet. Instead,
you’ll immediately have full ownership of your own crypto assets, without ever
needing to leave them in an exchange – even briefly.

## **Swap crypto**

Another key feature you’ll want is swapping or exchanging one crypto for
another. This can have many benefits, like making a profit or diversifying
your portfolio. Today, the most common way to swap crypto is through
exchanges. However, you’re not in control of your assets using this method.
That’s because most exchanges use custodial wallets, meaning you don’t
actually own the account containing your funds.

Luckily you can [swap crypto in Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/swap) too.
This means you can swap using your non-custodial hardware wallet—while keeping
ownership of your private keys. Plus, the Ledger ecosystem offers plenty of
swap providers. That means you can securely swap 50+ assets including
[Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/swap-bitcoin/),
[Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/swap-ethereum/) and Litecoin – all in one
app.

## **Earn Crypto**

Earning money while keeping your crypto secured in your hardware wallet. It
sounds good, right? It’s all thanks to the concept of crypto staking.

Yes–you can [earn crypto](http://ledger.com/staking) rewards by staking on
blockchains using a Proof-of-Stake consensus mechanism. This includes popular
networks such as [Tezos (XTZ)](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos), [Tron
(TRX)](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tron), [Cosmos
(ATOM)](https://www.ledger.com/staking-cosmos), [Algorand
(ALGO)](https://www.ledger.com/staking-algorand) and [Polkadot
(DOT)](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot).

What’s more, you can do it directly through the comfort and security of Ledger
Live. Through the discover section, you’ll find a range of staking providers
with multiple different staking options. Whether you have a lot or a little to
stake, there’s an option in the Ledger ecosystem for you. From [funding a
validator](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/4418102254993-Staking-
with-a-Ledger-Validator-Node-FAQ-?docs=true), to participating in staking
pools, there’s something for everyone. Whichever staking method you choose,
the Ledger Ecosystem works to keep you safe. And now, you can also track all
of your staking positions in one place: Ledger Live’s Earn Dashboard.

## **Access dApps Without Smart Contract Risks**

Of course, once you’re done buying, swapping and earning, you might want to
start interacting with web3. To explain, you won’t be able to access NFT
marketplaces or decentralized exchanges without interacting with blockchain
apps. However, interacting with these platforms also comes with its own risks.
To explain, not all transactions concerning contracts will include the
transaction’s full details. Signing these types of transactions is called
blind signing, and unfortunately, it’s also a common attack vector. If you
can’t understand the transaction details, your assets might be at risk.

Luckily, within the Ledger Ecosystem, this is no problem. Accessing blockchain
apps through the discover section means you can clear-sign transactions,
receiving all of their details directly in Ledger Live. Plus, Ledger Live acts
as a secure gateway to these platforms, guaranteeing you’re not interacting
with a phishing site instead.

Accessing your dApps through Ledger Live means all transactions (borrowing,
lending, swapping) need to be confirmed via your hardware wallet. Plus, funds
are managed directly through your existing crypto accounts within Ledger Live.
These features mean your transactions stay secure, but also very accessible.
Beyond that though, Ledger Live’s discover section also collects all of your
favorite dApps in one place—making interacting with web3 easier than it’s ever
been.

## **Ledger Live: The Home For Crypto Payments and Transactions**

So, now you know all about the power of Ledger Live, not just for buying and
swapping cryptocurrencies, but also earning rewards and interacting with
blockchain apps safely.

To explain, every action you take on Ledger Live is secured by your Ledger
hardware wallet. From transaction to delegation, everything is verified and
validated. By verifying all actions on your wallet, you confirm that what’s
shown on your computer is what your Ledger device is trying to process.

Plus, since Ledger devices use a [Secure Element
(SE)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-secure-element-whistanding-
security-attacks/) – the most secure chip, you can rest assured your purchases
are safe from online threats. These include phishing and physical hacks. So
what are you waiting for?  Download and install the Ledger Live app on your
computer or smartphone, so you can manage your crypto at home and on the go.
Use Ledger Live to securely manage your crypto assets in one place, whenever
you want.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-live
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Why%20Use%20Ledger%20Live%20For%20Payments%20and%20Transactions%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-live "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-power-of-ledger-live
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-
live&title=Why%20Use%20Ledger%20Live%20For%20Payments%20and%20Transactions%3F
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live
"Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%82%D9%88%D8%A9-ledger-live)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/hardwarewallet/ledger-live-%E7%9A%84%E5%8A%9B%E9%87%8F)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/hardwarewallet/la-puissance-de-ledger-live)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/die-leistungsfaehigkeit-von-ledger-live)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%B2%D0%BE%D0%B7%D0%BC%D0%BE%D0%B6%D0%BD%D0%BE%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B8-ledger-live)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/hardwarewallet/el-poder-de-ledger-live)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/ledger-live%E3%81%AE%E3%83%91%E3%83%AF%E3%83%BC)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/ledger-live%EC%9D%98-%ED%9E%98)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/ledger-livein-gucu)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/solucoes-da-ledger/o-poder-do-ledger-live)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=dfa1813c-ec40-4265-a9d9-74192d648ecc&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7381bf18-d0c1-4195-8bff-b52b4d8cf65d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-
live&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=dfa1813c-ec40-4265-a9d9-74192d648ecc&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7381bf18-d0c1-4195-8bff-b52b4d8cf65d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-
live&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=811ae88c-51d6-4683-975a-1f43bee54f44&sid=0e5751401cfd11efb8221588db4ecd3a&vid=0e5760a01cfd11efa8921544cd947e68&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Why%20Use%20Ledger%20Live%20For%20Payments%20and%20Transactions%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-live&r=&lt=3755&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=167314)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A46%20GMT&n=0&b=Why%20Use%20Ledger%20Live%20For%20Payments%20and%20Transactions%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fthe-
power-of-ledger-live&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

