  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [Solana
Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, Functionality](/blog/solana-wallet-
comparison)

##### Guides

# Solana Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, Functionality

Published on: Feb 2, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Solana Wallet Comparison Chart**
  * **Cost Comparison and Accessibility**
  * **Security and Backup/Recovery Options**
  * **Functionality and Ecosystem Integration**

##### In Brief

Compare Solana wallets for features, costs, and security. Find the best SOL
wallet for your crypto needs in this in-depth guide.

![Solana Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs,
Functionality](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_wallet_comparison_52c92ea68c.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) is a decentralized crypto
network that was built to solve the blockchain trilemma by improving
scalability, and lowering transaction costs while offering a secure platform
to build decentralized applications (dApps). At the center of Solana’s
ecosystem is [SOL](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), its native token
that powers activities on the blockchain.

To interact within the Solana ecosystem, you need a [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) that supports Solana (SOL)
and other Solana-based assets. In addition to enabling you to securely store,
send, and receive Solana assets, the wallet you choose should also come with
smart contract functionalities to enable you to connect to DeFi protocols, NFT
marketplaces, and GameFi platforms built on Solana.

In this guide, we’ll look at some of the features you should look out for when
choosing a [Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), such as
costs, functionality, security, etc. We’ll review five crypto wallets, namely,
Trust Wallet, Phantom, Solflare, Ledger, and Trezor, using each criterion.
This way, you can choose the right wallet for managing your SOL tokens. Read
on for more.

## Solana Wallet Comparison Chart

Below, we compare five well known Solana wallets, including Trust Wallet.

![solana-wallet-comparison-2.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_wallet_comparison_2_187b8e54ff.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

Now, let’s dive into the details!

## Cost Comparison and Accessibility

First, let’s compare the cost and accessibility of our top five wallets.

### Trust Wallet

With over 80M downloads, [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) is
one of the best [Solana compatible wallets](https://trustwallet.com/) in the
market. Firstly, it’s the most used mobile wallet in the world, and it’s also
an easy-to-use, multi-chain, self-custody wallet that allows you to access
Web3 safely. Trust Wallet is free to use and doesn’t charge any wallet fees.
You only need to pay gas fees when you transact.

In addition, Trust Wallet has a simple and intuitive design and is also
available across different devices and platforms. You can download the wallet
as a mobile app for iOS and Android or as a browser extension on browsers such
as Brave, Chrome, Edge, and Opera.

You can also connect your Trust Wallet to a hardware wallet for enhanced
storage security.

### Phantom

Phantom wallet is regarded as a native wallet for the Solana ecosystem as it
was originally created for that ecosystem. It’s a free-to-download, non-
custodial wallet that only requires you to pay gas fees.

The popular wallet features a user-friendly design that is both clean and
simple. It’s available as a mobile app, accessible to Android and iOS users.
It also works on browsers such as Brave, Chrome, Edge, and Firefox. You can
also connect your Phantom Wallet to a hardware wallet.

### Solflare

Solflare wallet was created by Solana Labs as one of the first wallets built
for the Solana ecosystem. It’s identical to Phantom in terms of
functionalities and is also free to download and use.

Available as a mobile application for Android and iOS users and as a browser
extension for the Chrome browser, Solflare is an easy-to-use wallet with a
user-friendly interface. Like Trust Wallet and Phantom, you can also connect
it to a hardware wallet.

### Ledger

Ledger is the fourth wallet on our list. Unlike our first three wallets,
Ledger is a cold wallet that you can purchase on the wallet provider’s
website. The Ledger Nano S Plus, Ledger Nano X, and Ledger Stax are the three
Ledger hardware wallets that users can choose from. Their price ranges between
€79.00 and €279.00 for the three models.

The Ledger Nano S retails at €79.00 and is a great pick for any newbie
interested in a cold wallet that allows you to securely store Solana tokens.

### Trezor

Like Ledger, Trezor is another cold wallet. While Trezor is similar to Ledger,
it offers a more enhanced user experience by providing users with various
functionalities and features.

Prices of the hardware wallet range between €59.00 and €179.00, depending on
the model you choose.

## Security and Backup/Recovery Options

Each wallet featured in this guide has its own security and backup/recovery
option. Let’s look at each wallet’s security and backup options in detail.

### Trust Wallet

Trust Wallet offers users two backup/recovery options. As a Trust Wallet user,
you can back up your wallet by using a 12-word secret phrase or the encrypted
cloud backup option.

Security is at the forefront of Trust Wallet’s existence. Trust Wallet
harnesses the power of technology to transform and secure its users'
experience on the decentralized web by providing everyone with a safe Web3
experience thanks to the Trust Wallet Security Scanner feature.

The [Trust Wallet Security Scanner](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-the-
trust-wallet-security-scanner-makes-web3-safer) is an in-built security
feature that helps protect a user’s assets in real-time by alerting them of
risky transactions and providing multiple levels of protection. The feature
also gives users full control over their crypto assets.

**If you’d like to get started with Trust Wallet here’s how to set up a new
wallet.**

### First, get the most updated version of Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Below you’ll see the steps to create a new wallet, but you could just as
easily [import an existing Web3 wallet to Trust
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/import-your-wallet-to-trust-wallet), if
that’s your preference.

**However, to create a new wallet:**

  * Download, install and then open Trust Wallet

  * Choose “Create a new wallet”.

  * Choose your backup option, or you can optionally postpone the backup process by choosing “Skip”.

  * Start using Trust Wallet.

![solana-wallet-comparison-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_wallet_comparison_1_d31edfa4fc.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Step 2: Buy crypto using your Trust Wallet

  * Select the “Buy” button, from the wallet’s Home screen.

  * Choose Solana (SOL), and enter the amount you wish to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider and payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select “Buy SOL”, and then follow the steps to complete the purchase.

![solana-wallet-comparison-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_wallet_comparison_3_e7202100e6.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Phantom

The Phantom Wallet only utilizes a 12-word secret phrase as a recovery option.
Given there is no cloud backup option, ensure you note down your secret phrase
during the setup process.

Regarding security, the Phantom wallet uses Transaction Previews, which
function as a firewall that spots any malicious transactions and warns users
before approving them. In addition, the Transaction Previews also protect
users against attacks, such as dApp-level DNS hijacking, phishing, and
software supply chain attacks, among others.

### Solflare

Like Phantom, Solflare wallet's only recovery option is a 12-word secret
phrase. In terms of Solflare’s wallet security and privacy, the crypto wallet
has incorporated a Hierarchical Deterministic wallet technology that enables
users to create an unlimited number of distinct addresses for every
transaction.

### Ledger

When it comes to recovery options, the Ledger wallet uses both a secret phrase
and a 25th word. The 25th word refers to an instance where users add an
optional “passphrase” or extra word to the 24-word secret phrase.

In terms of security, Ledger utilizes the Secure Element chip coupled with its
proprietary OS that helps protect a user’s crypto assets, including NFTs, from
any malicious hacks.

### Trezor

Trezor’s recovery options also include a secret phrase and a 25th word. In
addition to the two, Trezor also incorporates Shamir backup. Shamir backup is
a type of recovery option that securely splits a secret phrase while creating
an element of redundancy.

Unlike all other wallets in this guide, Trezor utilizes a PIN code to protect
its investors' crypto assets. Each time a wrong PIN is keyed in, the waiting
time between each attempt increases by a power of two. After 16 unsuccessful
attempts, the device automatically wipes data off itself.

## Functionality and Ecosystem Integration

Now, let’s take a look at wallet features and functionalities as well as
Solana ecosystem integrations.

### Trust Wallet

Trust Wallet supports a wide range of crypto assets, including
[SOL](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) and SPL tokens (Solana's ERC-20
equivalent). In addition, Trust Wallet supports 10M+ digital assets across
100+ blockchains, like [Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet),
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), and Binance Smart Chain,
among others.

Using Trust Wallet, users can also browse Solana dApps, decentralized finance
(DeFi) apps, NFT marketplaces, and other Solana-based applications. In
addition, Trust Wallet enables you to stake and swap the SOL token in-app,
making it one of the most ecosystem-integrated wallets in the market.

### Phantom

Phantom Wallet supports 1,000+ crypto assets, including SOL and SPL, across
the Ethereum, Polygon, and Solana blockchains.

You can also access DeFi platforms to borrow, lend, or swap using your Phantom
wallet. The wallet also makes it easy for users to access various NFT
marketplaces. In addition, you can also stake your SOL tokens using the
Phantom wallet.

### Solflare

Although the Solflare wallet is identical to the Phantom wallet, it supports
limited crypto assets. Besides the SOL token, it also supports SPL tokens. In
addition, Solflare only supports the Solana blockchain.

Solflare has DeFi integration, which allows users to access DeFi platforms,
NFT marketplaces, and DAO applications built on the Solana blockchain. Users
can also stake and swap SOL using Solflare.

### Ledger

Ledger hardware wallets support 1,000+ crypto assets, such as Bitcoin (BTC),
Ethereum (ETH), and Solana (SOL). It also enables you to stake your SOL
tokens. However, Ledger doesn’t support SPL tokens, nor can you use the
hardware wallet to connect directly to decentralized applications within the
Solana ecosystem.

### Trezor

Trezor hardware wallets support 8,000+ assets across 10+ blockchains,
including Solana (SOL) and SPL tokens. However, Trezor doesn’t support SOL
staking, nor can you connect the hardware wallet to Solana dApps directly.

### Conclusion

When it comes to choosing a good [Solana
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), it all boils down to
individual needs and preferences. For example, do you prefer a software wallet
you can access on your phone and computer or a physical wallet device that you
can touch and feel?

Trust Wallet is an excellent [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) for beginners and
experienced crypto traders alike, given its ease of use, platform
accessibility, enhanced security features, and the millions of assets it
supports.

In addition, consider other features like staking, swapping, user interface,
and dApp integrations when choosing your preferred wallet. These features,
coupled with security, shouldn’t be compromised in your search for a good
crypto wallet.

As the [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) ecosystem continues to grow, we can
expect that the wallet landscape will evolve to provide more versatile and
user-friendly wallet interfaces and features.

**Download Trust Wallet today to manage, stake, and swap your SOL tokens.**

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

