![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/es/)

  * IntroducciÃ³n
    * [Personas](/es/bitcoin-para-personas)
    * [Empresas](/es/bitcoin-para-empresas)
    * [Desarrolladores](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [CÃ³mo empezar](/es/como-empezar)
    * [Como funciona](/es/como-funciona)
    * [White paper](/es/bitcoin-documento)
  * Recursos
    * [Recursos](/es/recursos)
    * [Exchanges](/es/intercambios)
    * [Comunidad](/es/comunidad)
    * [Vocabulario](/es/vocabulario)
    * [Eventos](/es/eventos)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/es/descargar)
  * [InnovaciÃ³n](/es/innovacion)
  * Participe
    * [Apoya Bitcoin](/es/apoya-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/es/comprar)
    * [Desarrollo](/es/desarrollo)
  * [FAQ](/es/faq)

  * EspaÃ±ol
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/sah)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/legal)
      * [Dansk](/da/juridisk)
      * [Deutsch](/de/rechtliches)
      * [English](/en/legal)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/legal)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/legal)
      * [Italiano](/it/note-legali)
      * [Magyar](/hu/jogi-vonatkozasok)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/juridisch)
      * [Polski](/pl/informacje-prawne)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/legal)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/legal)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/pravno)
      * [Srpski](/sr/zakon)
      * [Svenska](/sv/juridiskt)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/yasal)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/legal)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/legal)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/legal)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/legal)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/legal)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/legal)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/legal)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/legal)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/legal)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/legal)
      * [ááááá](/km/legal)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/legal)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/legal)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/legal)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: es

# Aviso Legal

View All

  * English version \- {:.} 1\. Information published on bitcoin.org \- {:.} 2\. Translations \- {:.} 3\. Risks related to the use of Bitcoin \- {:.} 4\. Investment risks \- {:.} 5\. Compliance with tax obligations \- {:.} 6\. The Website does not store, send, or receive bitcoins \- {:.} 7\. No warranties \- {:.} 8\. Limitation of liability  \- {:.} 9\. Arbitration \- {:.} 10\. Last amendment

Esta pÃ¡gina web proporciona informaciÃ³n y material de carÃ¡cter general.
Esta informaciÃ³n esta destinada solamente a informar. Esta pÃ¡gina web puede
contener informaciÃ³n que aborde cuestiones legales. La informaciÃ³n ofrecida
no debe usarse como consejo legal. No esta autorizado ni debe confiar en esta
pÃ¡gina web para recibir asesoramiento jurÃ­dico. De ninguna forma los
propietarios o contribuyentes de la web son responsables de las acciones,
decisiones u otros comportamientos realizados por su parte o por cualquier
otra persona. Esto incluye, pero no estÃ¡ limitado, a razones tecnolÃ³gicas o
legales. Usted actÃºa bajo su propio riesgo en lo que concierne a los
contenidos de esta pÃ¡gina web. En caso de querer tomar acciones legales debe
contactar con un abogado con licencia en el territorio en la que las solicita.

Esta pÃ¡gina web puede contener traducciones de la versiÃ³n inglesa original.
Estas traducciones son proporcionadas Ãºnicamente como comodidad. En caso de
existir un conflicto entre la versiÃ³n inglesa y la traducciÃ³n realizada,
prevalecerÃ¡ la versiÃ³n inglesa. Si observa alguna incoherencia, por favor
informe de ello en [GitHub](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org).

# English version

### 1\. Information published on bitcoin.org

The website https://bitcoin.org/ (hereinafter, referred to as the "Website")
provides information and material of a general nature. You are not authorized
and nor should you rely on the Website for legal advice, business advice, or
advice of any kind. You act at your own risk in reliance on the contents of
the Website. Should you make a decision to act or not act you should contact a
licensed attorney in the relevant jurisdiction in which you want or need help.
In no way are the owners of, or contributors to, the Website responsible for
the actions, decisions, or other behavior taken or not taken by you in
reliance upon the Website.

### 2\. Translations

The Website may contain translations of the English version of the content
available on the Website. These translations are provided only as a
convenience. In the event of any conflict between the English language version
and the translated version, the English language version shall take
precedence. If you notice any inconsistency, please report them on
[GitHub](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org).

### 3\. Risks related to the use of Bitcoin

The Website will not be responsible for any losses, damages or claims arising
from events falling within the scope of the following five categories:

(1) Mistakes made by the user of any Bitcoin-related software or service,
e.g., forgotten passwords, payments sent to wrong Bitcoin addresses, and
accidental deletion of wallets.

(2) Software problems of the Website and/or any Bitcoin-related software or
service, e.g., corrupted wallet file, incorrectly constructed transactions,
unsafe cryptographic libraries, malware affecting the Website and/or any
Bitcoin-related software or service.

(3) Technical failures in the hardware of the user of any Bitcoin-related
software or service, e.g., data loss due to a faulty or damaged storage
device.

(4) Security problems experienced by the user of any Bitcoin-related software
or service, e.g., unauthorized access to users' wallets and/or accounts.

(5) Actions or inactions of third parties and/or events experienced by third
parties, e.g., bankruptcy of service providers, information security attacks
on service providers, and fraud conducted by third parties.

### 4\. Investment risks

The investment in Bitcoin can lead to loss of money over short or even long
periods. The investors in Bitcoin should expect prices to have large range
fluctuations. The information published on the Website cannot guarantee that
the investors in Bitcoin would not lose money.

### 5\. Compliance with tax obligations

The users of the Website are solely responsible to determinate what, if any,
taxes apply to their Bitcoin transactions. The owners of, or contributors to,
the Website are NOT responsible for determining the taxes that apply to
Bitcoin transactions.

### 6\. The Website does not store, send, or receive bitcoins

The Website does not store, send or receive bitcoins. This is because bitcoins
exist only by virtue of the ownership record maintained in the Bitcoin
network. Any transfer of title in bitcoins occurs within a decentralized
Bitcoin network, and not on the Website.

### 7\. No warranties

The Website is provided on an "as is" basis without any warranties of any kind
regarding the Website and/or any content, data, materials and/or services
provided on the Website.

### 8\. Limitation of liability

Unless otherwise required by law, in no event shall the owners of, or
contributors to, the Website be liable for any damages of any kind, including,
but not limited to, loss of use, loss of profits, or loss of data arising out
of or in any way connected with the use of the Website.

### 9\. Arbitration

The user of the Website agrees to arbitrate any dispute arising from or in
connection with the Website or this disclaimer, except for disputes related to
copyrights, logos, trademarks, trade names, trade secrets or patents.

### 10\. Last amendment

This disclaimer was amended for the last time on July 5th, 2016.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/es/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

IntroducciÃ³n:

  * [Personas](/es/bitcoin-para-personas)
  * [Empresas](/es/bitcoin-para-empresas)
  * [Desarrolladores](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [CÃ³mo empezar](/es/como-empezar)
  * [Como funciona](/es/como-funciona)
  * [Cosas que necesita saber](/es/debes-saber)
  * [White paper](/es/bitcoin-documento)

Recursos:

  * [Recursos](/es/recursos)
  * [Exchanges](/es/intercambios)
  * [Comunidad](/es/comunidad)
  * [Vocabulario ](/es/vocabulario)
  * [Eventos](/es/eventos)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/es/descargar)

Participe:

  * [Apoya Bitcoin](/es/apoya-bitcoin)
  * [Desarrollo](/es/desarrollo)

Other:

[Legal](/es/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy) [Prensa](/es/prensa) [Acerca
de bitcoin.org](/es/sobre-nosotros) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Publicado bajo la [licencia
MIT](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * EspaÃ±ol
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/sah)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/legal)
      * [Dansk](/da/juridisk)
      * [Deutsch](/de/rechtliches)
      * [English](/en/legal)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/legal)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/legal)
      * [Italiano](/it/note-legali)
      * [Magyar](/hu/jogi-vonatkozasok)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/juridisch)
      * [Polski](/pl/informacje-prawne)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/legal)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/legal)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/pravno)
      * [Srpski](/sr/zakon)
      * [Svenska](/sv/juridiskt)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/yasal)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/legal)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/legal)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/legal)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/legal)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/legal)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/legal)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/legal)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/legal)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/legal)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/legal)
      * [ááááá](/km/legal)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/legal)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/legal)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/legal)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ es

