  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >
[Solana Meme Coins vs Base Meme Coins](/blog/solana-meme-coins-vs-base-meme-
coins)

##### MEME Coins

# Solana Meme Coins vs Base Meme Coins

Published on: May 13, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Meme Coin Overview**
  * **Overview of Solana Network**
  * **Overview of The Base Network**
  * **Comparison of Solana and Base Meme Coins**
  * **Why are Solana and Base Meme Coins Attracting New Users?**
  * **How to Buy Solana Meme Coins Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Buy Base Meme Coins Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Compare Solana meme coins to Base meme coins in this helpful guide. Learn why
Solana and Base meme coins are attracting new users.

![Solana Meme Coins vs Base Meme Coins](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_bc12e81e1e.png&w=3840&q=75)

Meme coins took the crypto world by storm in recent years, with their
lighthearted nature and potential for explosive growth. The one thing that has
been holding some users back is high transaction fees and sluggish transaction
speeds that come with some networks. Enter
[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-sol) and
[Base](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-network),
two blockchain networks known for their lightning-fast transactions and
minimal costs. These two networks are becoming breeding grounds for a new
generation of meme coins, attracting users who want affordability and speed.

This article explores into the exciting world of [Solana meme
coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins) and [Base meme
coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/base-meme-coins), and how these two
networks are attracting new users.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Meme Coin Overview

Meme coins have become a captivating phenomenon within the crypto world. Meme
coins are characterized by their often humorous and memetic branding. Unlike
traditional cryptocurrencies that may be backed by tangible assets or governed
by complex algorithms, meme coins derive their value primarily from community
hype. These digital assets often feature playful themes, drawing inspiration
from internet memes, popular culture, or notable figures.

Within the meme coin ecosystem, Solana meme coins and Base meme coins have
emerged as prominent players, each leveraging the unique strengths of their
respective blockchain networks. Both Solana and Base meme coins benefit from
lightning-fast transaction speeds and low fees, making them an attractive
option for users seeking efficiency and scalability.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore our comparison between Solana and Base meme coins, remember
that you can deposit, manage, buy, and sell some of the top Solana and Base
meme coins using Trust Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the [Trust
Wallet Extension](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-Extension) for your desktop
browser.

![solana-memecoins-base-
memecoins-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_3_89e09aada3.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Overview of Solana Network

[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), launched in 2020, is a high-
performance blockchain network designed for scalability and speed. Developed
by former Qualcomm executive Anatoly Yakovenko,
[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-token-extensions-explained) aimed
to overcome limitations faced by older blockchains like
[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) and
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), particularly regarding
transaction processing times and costs.

![solana-memecoins-base-
memecoins-5.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_5_e9dec22410.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Key Features of The Solana Network

  * **Proof-of-History (PoH):** A unique consensus mechanism that uses timestamps to verify transaction order, significantly improving efficiency.

  * **High throughput:** Solana boasts the capability to process tens of thousands of transactions per second (TPS), making it one of the fastest blockchains.

  * **Low transaction fees:** Solana's architecture allows for minimal transaction fees, attracting users for frequent and smaller-scale trades.

  * **Smart contract functionality:** Solana supports the development and deployment of smart contracts, enabling various decentralized applications (dApps) to be built on its platform.

## Overview of The Base Network

Emerging in early 2023, Base meme coins capitalize on the advantages of the
[Base network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-
network), a Layer 2 (L2) scaling solution built on top of the Ethereum
blockchain. These meme coins, inspired by internet jokes and pop culture
trends, offer users a chance to participate in a potentially vibrant and fast-
growing ecosystem.

![solana-memecoins-base-
memecoins-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_2_304150c07a.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Key Features of The Base Network

  * **Faster transactions:** Base aims for significantly faster transaction processing compared to the Ethereum mainnet. While the exact speed can vary, it's typically measured in seconds or milliseconds.

  * **Reduced fees:** Base strives for minimal transaction fees. This attracts users who engage in frequent, smaller-scale trades, especially for meme coins.

  * **Security from Ethereum:** Base leverages the security of the Ethereum blockchain, and users benefit from the established security measures of a well-developed network.

  * **Scalability solutions:** Base utilizes techniques like optimistic rollups, which bundle transactions off-chain and then submit them to the Ethereum mainnet for verification. This helps to reduce congestion on the main chain and allows for faster processing.

  * **Smart contract compatibility:** Base allows for the development and deployment of smart contracts, similar to the Ethereum mainnet. This opens doors for building various decentralized applications (dApps) on the Base network.

## Comparison of Solana and Base Meme Coins

Let's compare Solana and Base meme coins across three key areas:

### Transaction Speed

  * **Solana:** Renowned for its blazing fast speeds, Solana boasts transaction times measured in milliseconds. This translates to near-instantaneous meme coin trading, perfect for those who want to jump on opportunities quickly. This rapid transaction speed provides users with a seamless and efficient experience, particularly during periods of high network activity.

  * **Base:** While still young, Base is also known for its lightning fast transaction speeds. It is, however, important to consider that the Base network is fairly new, and its performance under heavy user loads remains to be seen.

### Cost-Effectiveness

  * **Solana:** Transaction fees on Solana are typically much lower compared to other blockchains, making it attractive for frequent meme coin traders. These low fees allow for smaller investments and more experimentation. This is particularly attractive for new users.

  * **Base:** Similar to Solana, Base aims to offer minimal transaction fees, aligning with the ethos of affordability and accessibility in meme coin transactions.

### User Adoption Trends

  * **Solana:** Solana has a head start, boasting a more established user base and a wider variety of meme coins available for trading. This established community can fuel meme coin popularity and growth.

  * **Base:** Base is the new kid on the block, but its focus on speed and affordability is attracting attention. The potential for user growth and meme coin innovation on Base is high, but it's still building momentum.

## Why are Solana and Base Meme Coins Attracting New Users?

The affordability of Solana and Base meme coins is attractive for new users.
Low transaction fees on both blockchains, compared to Ethereum, allow for
cheap participation in the meme coin craze. Solana's existing user base and
recent success with meme coins further contribute to the excitement, creating
a network effect that draws in even more users. Base, however, benefits from
recent fee reductions on its parent network, Ethereum, making it a more
attractive platform for meme coin activity.

It’s important to remember the inherent volatility of meme coins and the fact
that many lack underlying utility, making them susceptible to crashes based on
hype alone. While the allure of these meme coin ecosystems is undeniable,
potential investors should carefully consider the risks involved. Investors
should always do their own research before investing.

## How to Buy Solana Meme Coins Using Trust Wallet

You can buy [Solana meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-
memecoins) using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired Solana-based meme coin and select it. We use “Dogwifhat (WIF)” for this example.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of WIF you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![solana-memecoins-base-
memecoins-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_1_5238efd43d.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Buy Base Meme Coins Using Trust Wallet

You can buy [Base meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/base-meme-coins)
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. It’s important to remember that
you will need to have ETH (Base) in your wallet before you can buy Base meme
coins.

  * Open the Trust Wallet app on your mobile phone.

  * Click “Swap” on the bottom left side of your screen.

  * Change the “From” network to Base and choose ETH (Base) as your token

  * Change the “To” network to Base and choose your Base meme coin. We use BRETT for this example.

  * Enter the amount of ETH (Base) you would like to swap.

  * Click “Continue.”

![solana-memecoins-base-
memecoins-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_4_cedbd0b2d8.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

