Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

On-demand webinar

# Tokenized bond issuance **with d-fine and Metaco Harmonize™**

Explore the end-to-end solution for tokenized bond issuance and crypto
securities registry, built by d-fine and powered by Metaco Harmonize™, in
accordance with the German Electronic Securities Act (eWpG).

Access webinarLearn more about agenda

Previous

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/matthias-hirtschulz.png?x88149)Matthias Hirtschulzd-fine

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/marcus-hennig.png?x88149)Marcus Hennigd-fine

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/katrin-koller-2.png?x88149)Katrin KollerMetaco

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/johannes-kaske.png?x88149)Johannes KaskeMetaco

Next

## Date

Access recording of our live webinar hosted on **Friday, 28th of April 2023**

In this Metaco Webinar, hosted in partnership with
[d-fine](https://www.d-fine.com/), a leading European consultancy specialized
in banking, capital markets and digital assets, we deep-dived into the
opportunities of issuing crypto securities within the German market, in
compliance with the Electronic Securities Act ([eWpG](https://www.gesetze-im-
internet.de/ewpg/)), and explored practical ways for banks and financial
institutions to get started.

## Topics discussed

  * Tokenized securities: German Market context
  * Opportunities and considerations for banks
  * Solution demo: end-to-end solution for tokenized bond issuance and crypto securities registry, built by d-fine, powered by Metaco Harmonize™

Please allow cookies from Pardot to display this form.

Allow cookies

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/untitled-design-35.png?x88149)

Speaker

Dr. Matthias Hirtschulz is a theoretical physicist by education and Partner
with d-fine.  
He heads the blockchain activities of d-fine and drives blockchain-related
projects for large and mid-sized clients. Matthias has a vast experience in
various blockchain projects from enterprise blockchain, digital asset market
infrastructures to tokenization.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/d-fine-
logo-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Dr. Matthias Hirtschulz

Partner and Managing Director at d-fine

Register your attendance to the webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/untitled-design-36.png?x88149)

Speaker

With a solid background in physics and mathematical finance, Marcus works at
d-fine’s blockchain practice, spearheading a range of blockchain projects for
small start-ups and large financial institutions. Focused on innovative
products and services utilizing blockchain technology across sectors like
finance, mobility, and manufacturing, Marcus provides expert advice on
technical and strategic aspects of creating tailored minimum viable products.
His comprehensive guidance includes requirements engineering, technology
selection and evaluation, feature prioritization, and devising a strategic
plan and future roadmap for project success.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/d-fine-
logo-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Dr. Marcus Hennig

Senior Manager at d-fine

Register your attendance to the webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/katrin.png?x88149)

Speaker

Katrin leads Metaco’s Advisory practice, which is focused on helping clients
with use case discovery and operating model design on their journey with
Digital Assets. Katie has been focusing on Digital Assets and Digital Money
since 2018, helping financial institutions go live with new service offerings
as blockchain continues to shape future financial services value chains. Prior
to joining Metaco, Katie was at Accenture where she worked with banks, wealth
managers, custodians, market infrastructure providers, regulators and central
banks on business and operating model design and implementation, and advised
on regulation and market structures in crypto markets with its very specific
ecosystem.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Katrin Koller

Global Head of Advisory at Metaco

Register your attendance to the webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/untitled-design-38.png?x88149)

Speaker

Johannes leads the Global Solutions Group at Metaco. His professional
background spans consulting and guiding banks, wealth management institutions
and internet platform companies to navigate their interaction with blockchain,
digital assets and Web3 dApps. He is also an entrepreneur, co-founding several
startups in the past.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Johannes Kaske

Global Head, Solutions at Metaco

Register your attendance to the webinar

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/04-leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

November 30, 2023

### [Navigating the Legal Terrain around Staking Services in
Switzerland](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/navigating-the-legal-terrain-
around-staking-services-in-switzerland/ "Navigating the Legal Terrain around
Staking Services in Switzerland")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/16-information-security-and-digital-assets_-priorities-and-challenges-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

January 17, 2023### [Best practices around security, governance and
compliance](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/best-practices-security-governance-
compliance/ "Best practices around security, governance and compliance")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/webinar_background-640x371.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

November 18, 2022### [Digital Asset Use Cases for
Banks](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/digital-assets-use-cases-banking-
custody/ "Digital Asset Use Cases for Banks")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

