Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

This page is incomplete and we'd love your help. Edit this page and add
anything that you think might be useful to others.

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Ethereum for .NET developers

p

Last edit: [@pettinarip(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/pettinarip),
January 15, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Getting started with smart contracts and the Solidity language
  * Beginner references and links
  * Intermediate articles
  * Advanced use patterns
  * .NET projects, tools and other fun stuff
  * .NET community contributors
  * Other aggregated lists

Learn how to develop for Ethereum using .NET-based projects and tooling

Use Ethereum to create decentralized applications (or "dapps") that utilize
the benefits of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. These dapps can be
trustworthy, meaning that once they are deployed to Ethereum, they will always
run as programmed. They can control digital assets in order to create new
kinds of financial applications. They can be decentralized, meaning that no
single entity or person controls them and are nearly impossible to censor.

Build decentralized applications on top of Ethereum and interact with smart
contracts using tools and languages from the Microsoft technology stack -
Supporting C#, # Visual Basic .NET, F#, on tooling such as VSCode and Visual
Studio, across .NET Framework/.NET Core/.NET Standard. Deploy an Ethereum
blockchain on Azure using Microsoft Azure Blockchain in minutes. Bring the
love of .NET to Ethereum!

## Getting started with smart contracts and the Solidity language

**Take your first steps to integrating .NET with Ethereum**

Need a more basic primer first? Check out [ethereum.org/learn](/en/learn/) or
[ethereum.org/developers](/en/developers/).

  * [Blockchain Explained(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/d55684513211466da7f8cc03987607d5/blockchain-explained)
  * [Understanding Smart Contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/e4f66c6079e74a4a9b532148d3158188/ethereum-101-part-5-the-smart-contract)
  * [Write your First Smart Contract(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/124b7db1d0cf4f47b414f8b13c9d66e2/remix-ide-your-first-smart-contract)
  * [Learn How to Compile and Deploy Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/973c5f54c4434bb1b0160cff8c695369/understanding-smart-contract-compilation-and-deployment)

## Beginner references and links

**Introducing the Nethereum library and VS Code Solidity**

  * [Nethereum, Getting Started(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/getting-started/)
  * [Installing VS Code Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=JuanBlanco.solidity)
  * [A .NET Developer’s Workflow for Creating and Calling Ethereum Smart Contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/coinmonks/a-net-developers-workflow-for-creating-and-calling-ethereum-smart-contracts-44714f191db2)
  * [Smart contracts integration with Nethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/#collections/Getting%20Started/smart-contracts-integration-with-nethereum/#smart-contracts-integration-with-nethereumm)
  * [Interfacing .NET and Ethereum Blockchain Smart Contracts with Nethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/my-blockchain-development-daily-journey/interfacing-net-and-ethereum-blockchain-smart-contracts-with-nethereum-2fa3729ac933), also in [中文版(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/my-blockchain-development-daily-journey/%E4%BD%BF%E7%94%A8nethereum%E9%80%A3%E6%8E%A5-net%E5%92%8C%E4%BB%A5%E5%A4%AA%E7%B6%B2%E5%8D%80%E5%A1%8A%E9%8F%88%E6%99%BA%E8%83%BD%E5%90%88%E7%B4%84-4a96d35ad1e1)
  * [Nethereum - An open source .NET integration library for blockchain(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/#collections/a%20hackathon%20survival%20guide/nethereum-an-open-source-.net-integration-library/)
  * [Writing Ethereum Transactions to SQL Database Using Nethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/coinmonks/writing-ethereum-transactions-to-sql-database-using-nethereum-fd94e0e4fa36)
  * [See how to easily deploy Ethereum smart contracts using C# and VisualStudio(opens in a new tab)](https://koukia.ca/deploy-ethereum-smart-contracts-using-c-and-visualstudio-5be188ae928c)

**Want to skip setup for now, and jump straight to the samples?**

  * [Playground(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/) \- Interact with Ethereum and learn how to use Nethereum through the browser.
    * Query Account Balance [C#(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/csharp/id/1001) [VB.NET(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/vb/id/2001)
    * Query ERC20 Smart Contract Balance [C#(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/csharp/id/1005) [VB.NET(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/vb/id/2004)
    * Transfer ether to an Account [C#(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/csharp/id/1003) [VB.NET(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/vb/id/2003)
    * ... And more!

## Intermediate articles

  * [Nethereum Workbook/Sample List(opens in a new tab)](http://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/Nethereum.Workbooks/docs/)
  * [Deploy Your Own Development Testchains(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/Testchains)
  * [VSCode Codegen Plugin for Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/nethereum-codegen-vscodesolidity/)
  * [Unity and Ethereum: Why and How(opens in a new tab)](https://www.raywenderlich.com/5509-unity-and-ethereum-why-and-how)
  * [Create ASP.NET Core Web API for Ethereum dapps(opens in a new tab)](https://tech-mint.com/blockchain/create-asp-net-core-web-api-for-ethereum-dapps/)
  * [Using Nethereum Web3 to Implement a Supply Chain Tracking System(opens in a new tab)](http://blog.pomiager.com/post/using-nethereum-web3-to-implement-a-supply-chain-traking-system4)
  * [Nethereum Block Processing(opens in a new tab)](https://nethereum.readthedocs.io/en/latest/nethereum-block-processing-detail/), with [C# Playground sample(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/csharp/id/1025)
  * [Nethereum Websocket Streaming(opens in a new tab)](https://nethereum.readthedocs.io/en/latest/nethereum-subscriptions-streaming/)
  * [Kaleido and Nethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://kaleido.io/kaleido-and-nethereum/)
  * [Quorum and Nethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/Nethereum/blob/master/src/Nethereum.Quorum/README.md)

## Advanced use patterns

  * [Azure Key Vault And Nethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Azure-Samples/bc-community-samples/tree/master/akv-nethereum)
  * [Nethereum.DappHybrid(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/Nethereum.DappHybrid)
  * [Ujo Nethereum backend reference architecture(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/nethereum-ujo-backend-sample/)

## .NET projects, tools and other fun stuff

  * [Nethereum Playground(opens in a new tab)](http://playground.nethereum.com/) \- _Compile, create, and run Nethereum code snippets in browser_
  * [Nethereum Codegen Blazor(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/Nethereum.CodeGen.Blazor) \- _Nethereum codegen with UI in Blazor_
  * [Nethereum Blazor(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/NethereumBlazor) \- _A .NET Wasm SPA light blockchain explorer and simple wallet_
  * [Wonka Business Rules Engine(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/wonka/) \- _A business rules engine (for both the .NET platform and the Ethereum platform) that is inherently metadata-driven_
  * [Nethermind(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/NethermindEth/nethermind) \- _A .NET Core Ethereum client for Linux, Windows, MacOS_
  * [eth-utils(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/eth-utils/) \- _utility functions for working with Ethereum related codebases_
  * [TestChains(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/TestChains) \- _Pre-configured .NET devchains for fast response (PoA)_

Looking for more resources? Check out
[ethereum.org/developers](/en/developers/).

## .NET community contributors

At Nethereum, we mostly hang out on [Gitter(opens in a new
tab)](https://gitter.im/Nethereum/Nethereum) where everyone is welcome to
ask/answer questions, get help, or just chill. Feel free to do a PR or open an
issue on the [Nethereum GitHub repository(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum), or just browse through the many
side/sample projects we have. You can also find us on [Discord(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/jQPrR58FxX)!

If you are new to Nethermind and need help getting started, join our
[Discord(opens in a new tab)](http://discord.gg/PaCMRFdvWT). Our developers
are on hand to answer your questions. Don't hesitate to open a PR or raise any
issues on the [Nethermind GitHub repository(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/NethermindEth/nethermind).

## Other aggregated lists

[Official Nethereum Site(opens in a new tab)](https://nethereum.com/)  
[Official Nethermind Site(opens in a new tab)](https://nethermind.io/)

## Help us with this page

If you're an expert on the topic and want to contribute, edit this page and
sprinkle it with your wisdom.

You'll be credited and you'll be helping the Ethereum community!

Use this flexible [documentation template(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.notion.so/efdn/Writer-
template-4b40d196cde7422ca6a2091de33550bd)

Questions? Ask us in the #content channel on our [Discord server(opens in a
new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

[Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-
net/index.md)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Getting started with smart contracts and the Solidity language
    * Beginner references and links
    * Intermediate articles
    * Advanced use patterns
    * .NET projects, tools and other fun stuff
    * .NET community contributors
    * Other aggregated lists

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

