[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaGlnaGxpZ2h0cy1mcm9tLWN6cy1zZXB0ZW1iZXItMS1hbWEtb24teC1zcGFjZXMtMzAyNjgzNzQ5NjAzNzI1MjkwNz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaGlnaGxpZ2h0cy1mcm9tLWN6cy1zZXB0ZW1iZXItMS1hbWEtb24teC1zcGFjZXMtMzAyNjgzNzQ5NjAzNzI1MjkwNz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s September 1 AMA on X Spaces

2023-09-04

## Main Takeaways

  * On September 1, 2023, Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, spent an hour on X (formerly Twitter) Spaces, answering a slew of user questions.

  * Some of the most intriguing questions covered CZ’s personal life, the recent FUD surrounding Binance, BNB Chain developments, and the need for crypto.

  * Though the crypto industry may face issues and uncertainty in its maturing development, Binance remains a clear market leader through its regulatory transparency and robust innovation.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during an X (formerly Twitter) AMA on September 1, 2023. Please note
that this transcript has been edited for length and clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230904/dff67f63-2b07-4f16-a5d1-df8dbe53fae1)

##  On Recent FUD

 _How would you respond to the rumors and Binance FUD spreading around
lately?_

**CZ:** There's always going to be FUD, right? A lot of people have their own
motivations. Negative news sells more clicks. However, I think it's worth
mentioning that there's no accountability for these people when they're wrong.
When a news article carries some FUD that turns out to be false, there's no
recourse.

There are people who still try to paint Binance like FTX. I think we've proven
many times that we're not like FTX. It's clear that Binance does not have
loans, is not involved in cross-collateralization, etc. Binance has a very
simple capital structure that is debt-free, and we hold user assets such that
there's no commingling of user funds. In fact, FUD gives us the opportunity to
clarify that. We have withstood background checks, stress tests, etc. I think
FUD actually gives us opportunities to prove ourselves.

The second piece of FUD out there is that Binance is becoming weaker because
of regulatory and media scrutiny. We're still the market leader by a very wide
margin and have just crossed 150 million registered users. While the scrutiny
is not easy, it's actually making us stronger as a business. Over the last two
years, we've invested massively in compliance, talent, processes,
technologies, etc. We are a much stronger company today than we were two years
ago, and we're way ahead of the game in terms of regulatory compliance and
standing up to scrutiny.

I think the industry is also maturing. There's a very strong acceptance of
crypto, and there's very strong proof that Binance is a solid platform. At the
end of the day, we just have to keep our heads down and continue building.

## On Personal Life

 _What are you doing in your personal life outside of crypto?_

**CZ:** I don't do very much. I'm a very boring person. I like to read. I
don’t play video games. I don't play golf, and I don't go to clubs. I don't do
any of those things. I do have dinners and chats with friends, just hanging
out. I listen to a lot of books, and I try to exercise a little bit almost
every day. I try to either spend some time doing HIIT exercises in the gym or
swim for a bit – stuff like that. Other than that, I just read books and hang
out with friends when I have free time.

I've been reading a lot of negotiation-related books recently. Actually, I
would highly recommend that to everyone. I think negotiation skills are
important for everyone; if everyone knew how to negotiate, it would make the
world a better place. Many people have the wrong perception that negotiation
is just haggling, but negotiation is really about finding solutions to help
both sides.

I also read a lot of entrepreneur and self-help books, but not so many fiction
books. I published my book list in the past, but I need to publish an update.
I've also been reading quite a bit of biographies, learning about how other
people have lived. So yeah, in my personal life, I most often listen to a book
and try to exercise a bit.

## On the Need for Crypto

 _What are your thoughts on which countries need access to cryptocurrencies
right now?_

**CZ:** My honest opinion is that every country needs crypto. Some countries
need it more urgently than others. In more developed countries, this may be
less of a need. However, there are countries that don't have their own
currencies, countries that use other countries' currencies to survive, and
countries where mobile phone adoption is below 50% and banking adoption is
below 10%. Those countries really need to provide financial access for their
citizens today, and the easiest way for them to do so is with mobile phones,
blockchain, and the internet. There are many countries like that.

I think most people who share content on social media are generally from more
developed countries; the voices of less developed countries are generally less
heard. There are countries with high inflation, and for them to adopt a
Bitcoin standard would be much better. They could safeguard their citizens'
wealth, and when you safeguard your citizens' wealth and participate in a
global economy, you can do better. I think the technology is there, and I
think we are already seeing smarter leaders take an adoptive stance towards
the crypto industry. That's happening in many different countries, which is
very positive.

Also, it feels like the world is in a kind of flux; there are a lot of changes
in the world. There's a lot of potential instability in the world, and in this
kind of unstable environment, a mathematically guaranteed protocol that acts
as money is actually much more stable than anything else. I think more people
are realizing this, and we're seeing more adoption.

## On BNB Chain

 _What plans do you have to bring some momentum back to BNB Chain?_

**CZ:** I don't have a plan and shouldn't have a plan for BNB Chain. It's a
decentralized ecosystem, so I'm not involved in the technical aspects of it.
I'm still spending most of my time dealing with our centralized exchange. BNB
Chain is decentralized as its own kind of ecosystem, but I do talk to some of
the guys there from time to time. BNB Chain was quite hot when Ethereum gas
fees were high a couple of years ago, and there were no Layer 2s. Now, quite a
lot of applications have moved to layer-2 solutions. Still, BNB Chain posts
the largest number of daily active users by far.

I think my philosophy is always to go where the users are. As long as the user
community is there, developers will go there. I have not had time to look into
developer ecosystems, so I have not been involved in that. However, I hope
that more developers come to BNB Chain and build a more vibrant ecosystem. I
think there are improvements that can be made, but I don't make plans there. I
view myself as one participant in that ecosystem, and I have not been focusing
too much of my own energy on that.

Nevertheless, we are extremely supportive of projects in the BNB Chain
ecosystem in terms of investments, connections, listings, etc. There are also
quite a number of new developments on BNB Chain. There's opBNB, a Layer 2
built on top of BNB Chain, which I think is a very interesting project.
There's also BNB Greenfield, a completely new chain for storage and enabling
internet-based applications. All of these things are still happening, and
they're actually happening at a faster pace.

Again, I think that it's always good to reduce fees further. It's always good
to increase capacity further. If we want to build large-scale internet
applications, then we need that kind of capacity at a very low cost. There are
things that other blockchains are very strong at, which is good. Nevertheless,
I would expect BNB Chain to continue to be a major player in the blockchain
ecosystem and continue to develop.

_You can listen to a recording of the AMA in full_[
_here_](https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1kvJpmyMbqXxE?s=20) _.  _

_Please follow us on_[
__](https://twitter.com/binance)[_Twitter_](https://twitter.com/binance) _for
news of CZ’s next AMA._

##  Further Reading

  * [ _CZ’s Principles_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-principles-6343713009794494746)

  * [ _CZ on Time Management_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/cz-on-time-management-937115089915394194)

  * [ _CZ’s Book Recommendations_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-book-recommendations-3164932959824224096)

194,931,133 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s September 1 AMA on X Spaces

Main Takeaways

On Recent FUD

On Personal Life

On the Need for Crypto

On BNB Chain

Further Reading

194,931,133 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

