Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Partnerships: Bridging the present and the future of finance

  *  __ October 24, 2019
  *  __8 min
  *  __An interview with Adrien Treccani,   Founder and CEO of Metaco

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fpartnerships-bridging-the-present-and-the-future-of-finance%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fpartnerships-bridging-the-present-and-the-future-of-finance%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

An interview with Adrien Treccani,   CEO and co-founder of METACO.

#### The announcement of Libra revealed how pressing it is for the financial
industry to embrace digital assets. What will it take for banks to onboard
this asset class and transition to the token economy?

First, we should point out that blockchain-based platforms were not designed
to blend into our financial system but to disrupt it. As a result, integrating
the assumptions, infrastructure, and architecture of digital assets into
existing banking systems – which have not changed significantly over the last
20 years – presents important technical and business challenges.

On the one hand, transitioning means that the crypto and traditional banking
infrastructures should talk to each other and fit together. Doing so requires
a deep understanding of the crypto and the traditional banking worlds to
revise assumptions (as basic as the number of decimals required in
transactions), analyze systems and workflows gaps, and design a comprehensive
platform that supports all duties, including compliance, reporting, etc. As of
today, only financial institutions working symbiotically with tech companies
have the required acumen to do this successfully.

On the other hand, banks will need to make digital assets as simple to manage
as traditional assets. Usability is key but not obvious when talking crypto.
Digital assets work in a unique manner: custody relies on the notion of
private keys, latency can be high and transaction finality uncertain. Banks
cannot afford to let employees and investors deal with those complexities.
They will need to understand them and obfuscate them. This is the primary
success factor of many crypto exchanges: offering investors a quasi-bank user
experience.

Finally, banks are strongly regulated institutions so starting any transition
in the absence of a clear legal framework will prove intimidating.
Policymakers have so far taken a very reactive approach, and progress has been
made only as business cases have appeared. Projects like the Libra network
demonstrate this dynamic; big corporations and financial institutions taking
the lead have to work on their projects in an environment of legal
uncertainty. However, those are precisely the companies driving and
influencing the most the definition of laws and regulations.

#### METACO’s digital asset management solution, SILO, is precisely designed
for banks. How did these technical and business challenges influence the
product development and go-to-market?

Since the start, we knew that, for SILO to be a credible solution, it had to
mitigate all the technical and functional concerns of the custodians, whether
we talked about banks, exchanges or infrastructure providers.

Hence, our first priority was to understand and meet our client’s needs. As a
technology company in such a nascent industry, this was challenging; for SILO
to be fit-for-purpose, we needed financial industry experts to advise on
business requirements, expectations and pain points. This is why established
partnerships with global core banking software and infrastructure providers
such as Avaloq, Swisscom or Temenos. These extremely reputable firms did not
only provide priceless input on the product design but also integrated it
within their own product stack, confirming the product’s legitimacy.

Once the product strategy was set, our next priority was to ensure SILO
offered a superior technical solution. We have put great efforts into making
no compromises in our product decisions, from architecture to coding language,
and sourcing strategy. As a matter of fact, we trust that in-house development
is crucial, so we considered partnerships only when they were imperative to
deliver the value proposition. For example, SILO relies on a unique hardware
security concept that we co-developed at launch with our HSM provider,
Guardtime. This partnership proved essential not only to guarantee outstanding
levels of security (Guardtime’s solution is already proven by the US
military), but also to make SILO the first digital asset storage solution to
be insurable against crime. Since then, we have also partnered with Swiss HSM
expert, Cysec and Swiss automated trading expert, AlgoTrader AG.

Regarding the go-to-market, there were two, less evident needs we sought to
tackle.

On the one hand, we had to ensure our clients would feel comfortable managing
digital assets. As mentioned earlier, the logic of crypto is radically
different from that of traditional assets and that can cause apprehension. No
bank wants to do custody over an asset and a market they do not understand,
neither can afford a hit on reputation due to asset mismanagement. Our clients
must understand what those assets are, how they work, which risks and
opportunities they involve and how to manage them. Hence, we make great
efforts into educating audiences at events, through webinars, papers, as part
of our product training, or even through product demos and at RFPs.

Finally, there is the regulatory aspects. This point is definitely not in our
hands, but try to be as close as possible to those defining or contributing to
frameworks (such as FINMA in Switzerland, insurers, bodies like GDF and legal
firms). This helps us be aware of the latest developments, contribute where
relevant and keep our clients informed.

#### So, it seems partnerships have been central to your product strategy?

Absolutely. There is no other way to do it. Tokenization will be the next
economic revolution and the underlying infrastructure must be bullet-proof. In
an era of specialization, the most effective and reliable approach to bridge
the traditional and crypto economy is to create ecosystems where fintechs and
incumbents create best-in-class solutions that ease the transition by
respecting legacy systems and allowing for a seamless management of
traditional and digital assets.

#### How do assess potential partners?

Building a partnership means working closely, almost symbiotically, with
another company. These sort of relationships can be as powerful as damaging
for your business, so it is crucial to assess them thoroughly and
strategically.

At METACO, we join forces with companies who aim to achieve something
exceptional and share our vision, goals and work ethic. They must be
remarkable in their specific fields of work. There is nothing more reassuring
about the competence and drive of a partner than proven business success.

Also, partnerships must be a win-win for all the parties involved. That is
what drives engagement and makes them sustainable. When not the case, a
partnership is simply not worthwhile. It becomes a cost of opportunity and
takes energy on both sides.

#### What is your outlook for the industry in the 2020?

More and stronger ecosystems.

More financial institutions announcing digital assets management services.

Clearer regulatory and legal frameworks.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

