Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Community](/en/community/)/
  3. [Support](/en/community/support/)

Page last updated: March 8, 2024

On this page

  * Official Ethereum support
  * Frequently asked questions
    * I've sent ETH to the wrong wallet
    * How can I claim my Ethereum giveaway?
    * My transaction is stuck
    * How do I mine Ethereum?
    * How do I become a staker / run a validator?
  * Building dapps
    * Tooling
  * Running a node
    * Execution clients
    * Consensus clients

# Ethereum support

## Official Ethereum support

Are you looking for the official Ethereum support? The first thing you should
know is that Ethereum is decentralized. This means no central organization,
entity, or person owns Ethereum, and because of this, no official support
channels exist.

Understanding the decentralized nature of Ethereum is vital because anyone
claiming to be official support for Ethereum is probably trying to scam you!
The best protection against scammers is educating yourself and taking security
seriously.

![ðŸ“ƒ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4c3.svg)

[Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)

![ðŸ“ƒ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4c3.svg)

[Learn Ethereum fundamentals](/en/learn/)

Despite the lack of official support, many groups, communities, and projects
across the Ethereum ecosystem are happy to help, and you can find a lot of
useful information and resources on this page. Still have questions? Join the
[ethereum.org Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/), and
we'll try to help.

## Frequently asked questions

### I've sent ETH to the wrong wallet

A transaction sent on Ethereum is irreversible. Unfortunately, if you've sent
ETH to the wrong wallet, there is no way to recover these funds. No one
central organization, entity, or person owns Ethereum, which means no one can
reverse transactions. Therefore, it is vital always to double-check your
transactions before sending them.

### How can I claim my Ethereum giveaway?

Ethereum giveaways are scams designed to steal your ETH. Do not be tempted by
offers that seem too good to be true â€” if you send ETH to a giveaway address,
you will not receive a giveaway, and you will not be able to recover your
funds.

[More on scam prevention](/en/security/#common-scams)

### My transaction is stuck

Transactions on Ethereum can sometimes get stuck if you have submitted a lower
transaction fee than is required due to network demand. Many wallets provide
an option to resubmit the same transaction with a higher transaction fee to
allow the transaction to be processed. Alternatively, you can cancel a pending
transaction by sending a transaction to your own address and using the same
nonce as the pending transaction.

[How to speed up or cancel a pending transaction on MetaMask(opens in a new
tab)](https://metamask.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015489251-How-to-
speed-up-or-cancel-a-pending-transaction)

[How to cancel pending Ethereum transactions(opens in a new
tab)](https://info.etherscan.com/how-to-cancel-ethereum-pending-transactions/)

### How do I mine Ethereum?

Ethereum mining is no longer possible. Mining was switched off when Ethereum
moved from _proof-of-work_ to _proof-of-stake_. Now, instead of miners,
Ethereum has validators. Anyone may _stake_ ETH and receive staking rewards
for running validator software to secure the network.

### How do I become a staker / run a validator?

To become a validator, you must stake 32 ETH in the Ethereum deposit contract
and set up a validator node. More information is available on our [staking
pages](/en/staking/) and at [the staking launchpad(opens in a new
tab)](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/).

## Building dapps

Building can be hard. Here are some development focused spaces with
experienced Ethereum developers that are happy to help.

  * [Alchemy University(opens in a new tab)](https://university.alchemy.com/#starter_code)
  * [CryptoDevs discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/5W5tVb3)
  * [Ethereum StackExchange(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.stackexchange.com/)
  * [StackOverflow(opens in a new tab)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/web3)
  * [Web3 University(opens in a new tab)](https://www.web3.university/)
  * [LearnWeb3(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/learnweb3)

You can also find documentation and development guides in our [Ethereum
developer resources](/en/developers/) section.

### Tooling

Does your question relate to a particular tool, project, or library? Most
projects have chat servers or forums dedicated to supporting you.

Here are some popular examples:

  * [Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity)
  * [ethers.js(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/6jyGVDK6Jx)
  * [web3.js(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/GsABYQu4sC)
  * [Hardhat(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/xtrMGhmbfZ)
  * [Truffle(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/8uKcsccEYE)
  * [Alchemy(opens in a new tab)](http://alchemy.com/discord)
  * [Tenderly(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/fBvDJYR)

## Running a node

If you're running a node or validator, here are some communities that are
dedicated to helping you get started.

  * [EthStaker discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethstaker)
  * [EthStaker reddit(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/ethstaker)

Most of the teams building Ethereum clients also have dedicated, public-
facing, spaces where you can get support and ask questions.

### Execution clients

  * [Geth(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/FqDzupGyYf)
  * [Nethermind(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/YJx3pm8z5C)
  * [Besu(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/p8djYngzKN)
  * [Erigon(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ledgerwatch/erigon/issues)

### Consensus clients

  * [Prysm(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/prysmaticlabs)
  * [Nimbus(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/nSmEH3qgFv)
  * [Lighthouse(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/cyAszAh)
  * [Teku(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/7hPv2T6)
  * [Lodestar(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/aMxzVcr)

You can also [learn how to run a node here](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-
clients/run-a-node/).

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/community/support/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Official Ethereum support
    * Frequently asked questions
      * I've sent ETH to the wrong wallet
      * How can I claim my Ethereum giveaway?
      * My transaction is stuck
      * How do I mine Ethereum?
      * How do I become a staker / run a validator?
    * Building dapps
      * Tooling
    * Running a node
      * Execution clients
      * Consensus clients

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Proof-of-work (PoW)

A security mechanism for blockchains that requires nodes to expend energy in
the form of computation to find a certain value.

### Proof-of-stake (PoS)

A method by which a cryptocurrency blockchain protocol aims to achieve
distributed [consensus](/en/glossary/#consensus). PoS asks users to prove
ownership of a certain amount of cryptocurrency (their "stake" in the network)
in order to be able to participate in the validation of transactions. [More on
proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/).

### Staking

Depositing a quantity of [ether](/en/glossary/#ether) (your stake) to become a
validator and secure the [network](/en/glossary/#network). A validator checks
[transactions](/en/glossary/#transaction) and proposes
[blocks](/en/glossary/#block) under a [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos)
consensus model. Staking gives you an economic incentive to act in the best
interests of the network. You'll get rewards for carrying out your
[validator](/en/glossary/#validator) duties, but lose varying amounts of ETH
if you don't. [More on Ethereum staking](/en/staking/).

