Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# What is ether (ETH)?

Currency for our digital future

Ether coin (ETH) is digital, global money.

It's the currency of Ethereum apps.

#### Current ETH price (USD)

Loading...

(Last 24 hours)

[Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)

![Illustration of a group of people marvelling at an ether \(ETH\) glyph in
awe](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth.28aff33d.png&w=1920&q=75)

ETH is a cryptocurrency. It is scarce digital money that you can use on the
internet – similar to Bitcoin. If you’re new to crypto, here's how ETH is
different from traditional money.

### It's really yours

ETH lets you be your own bank. You can control your own funds with your
_wallet_ as proof of ownership – no third parties necessary.

### Secured by cryptography

Internet money may be new but it's secured by proven _cryptography_. This
protects your wallet, your ETH, and your transactions.

### Peer-to-peer payments

You can send your ETH without any intermediary service like a bank. It's like
handing cash over in-person, but you can do it securely with anyone, anywhere,
anytime.

### No centralized control

ETH is decentralized and global. There's no company or bank that can decide to
print more ETH, or change the terms of use.

### Open to anyone

You only need an internet connection and a wallet to accept ETH. You don't
need access to a bank account to accept payments.

### Available in flexible amounts

ETH is divisible up to 18 decimal places so you don't have to buy 1 whole ETH.
You can buy fractions at a time – as little as 0.000000000000000001 ETH if you
want.

**Want to buy some Ethereum?** It's common to mix up Ethereum and ETH.
Ethereum is the _blockchain_ and ETH is the primary asset of Ethereum. ETH is
what you're probably looking to buy. [More on Ethereum](/en/what-is-
ethereum/).

## What's unique about ETH?

There are many cryptocurrencies and lots of other tokens on Ethereum, but
there are some things that only ETH can do.

#### ETH fuels and secures Ethereum

ETH is the lifeblood of Ethereum. When you send ETH or use an Ethereum
application, you'll pay a fee in ETH to use the Ethereum network. This fee is
an incentive for a block producer to process and verify what you're trying to
do.

Validators are like the record-keepers of Ethereum—they check and prove that
no one is cheating. They are randomly selected to propose a block of
transactions. Validators who do this work are also rewarded with small amounts
of newly-issued ETH.

The work validators do, and the capital they _stake_ , keeps Ethereum secure
and free of centralized control. **ETH powers Ethereum**.

When you stake your ETH, you help secure Ethereum and earn rewards. In this
system, the threat of losing ETH deters attackers. [More on
staking](/en/staking/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwhat-is-
ethereum.b37ce60e.png&w=640&q=75)

### [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)

If you'd like to learn more about Ethereum, the technology behind ETH, check
out our introduction.

#### ETH underpins the Ethereum financial system

Not satisfied with payments, the Ethereum community is building a whole
financial system that's _peer-to-peer_ and accessible to everyone.

You can use ETH as collateral to generate entirely different cryptocurrency
tokens on Ethereum. Plus you can borrow, lend and earn interest on ETH and
other ETH-backed tokens.

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffinance_transparent.a4abc782.png&w=640&q=75)

### [More on DeFi](/en/defi/)

DeFi is the decentralized financial system built on Ethereum. This overview
explains what you can do.

Wrapped ether (WETH) is used to extend the functionality of ETH to work with
other tokens and applications. [Learn more about WETH](/en/wrapped-eth/).

#### Uses for ETH grow every day

Because Ethereum is programmable, developers can shape ETH in countless ways.

Back in 2015, all you could do was send ETH from one Ethereum account to
another. Here are just some of things you can do today.

  * [Stream ETH(opens in a new tab)](https://sablier.com) – pay someone or receive funds in real time.
  * [Swap tokens](/en/get-eth/#dex) – you can trade ETH with other tokens including Bitcoin.
  * [Earn interest(opens in a new tab)](https://app.compound.finance/) – on ETH and other Ethereum-based tokens.
  * [Get stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/) – access the world of cryptocurrencies with a steady, less-volatile value.

![Graphic of ETH glyph with a kaleidoscope of
cats](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth-gif-
cat.747d2fc7.png&w=640&q=75)

## Where to get ETH

You can get ETH from an exchange or a wallet but different countries have
different policies. Check to see the services that will let you buy ETH.

[Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)

### Why does ETH have value?

ETH's valuable in different ways to different people.

For users of Ethereum, ETH is valuable because it lets you pay transaction
fees.

Others see it as a digital store of value because the creation of new ETH
slows down over time.

More recently, ETH has become valuable to users of financial apps on Ethereum.
That's because you can use ETH as collateral for crypto loans, or as a payment
system.

Of course many also see it as an investment, similar to Bitcoin or other
cryptocurrencies.

[Why ether is valuable(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/ethhub/why-
ether-is-valuable-2b4e39e01eb3)

Anthony Sassano

January 2019

↗

### ETH isn't the only crypto on Ethereum

Anyone can create new kinds of assets and trade them on Ethereum. These are
known as 'tokens'. People have tokenised traditional currencies, their real
estate, their art, and even themselves!

Ethereum is home to thousands of tokens – some more useful and valuable than
others. Developers are constantly building new tokens that unlock new
possibilities and open new markets.

#### More on tokens and their uses

[Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)

More on the least volatile of Ethereum tokens.

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)

The financial system for Ethereum tokens.

[Non-fungible tokens (NFTs)](/en/nft/)

Tokens that represent ownership of items on Ethereum.

[Decentralized autonomous organisations (DAOs)](/en/dao/)

Internet communities often goverened by token holders.

### Popular types of token

Stablecoins

Tokens that mirror the value of traditional currency like dollars. This solves
the volatility problem with many cryptocurrencies.

Governance tokens

Tokens that represent voting power in decentralized organizations.

Sh*t coins

Because making new tokens is easy, anyone can do it - even people with bad or
misguided intentions. Always do your research before using them!

Collectible tokens

Tokens that represent a collectible game item, piece of digital art, or other
unique assets. Commonly known as non-fungible tokens (NFTs).

## Test your Ethereum knowledge

What is ether (ETH)?

Question number 1:Staking on Ethereum helps secure the network because:

A

Stakers can ban people if they don’t like what they are doing

B

If a staker tries to cheat the network, they risk losing their ETH

C

Stakers run powerful computers to demonstrate proof-of-work

D

Stakers undergo KYC before being accepted as a validator

Check answer

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

Data source: [coingecko.com(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/ethereum)

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### Cryptography

It is the practice of making communication private and secure so that only
those for whom the information is intended can read it.

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

### Staking

Depositing a quantity of [ether](/en/glossary/#ether) (your stake) to become a
validator and secure the [network](/en/glossary/#network). A validator checks
[transactions](/en/glossary/#transaction) and proposes
[blocks](/en/glossary/#block) under a [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos)
consensus model. Staking gives you an economic incentive to act in the best
interests of the network. You'll get rewards for carrying out your
[validator](/en/glossary/#validator) duties, but lose varying amounts of ETH
if you don't. [More on Ethereum staking](/en/staking/).

### Peer-to-peer network

A network of computers (peers) that are collectively able to perform
functionalities without the need for centralized, server-based services.

