[![Logo](https://docs.basis.markets/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3084996830-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FeP8HBG4v6oxzoDOwFBzR%252Ficon%252FCp3xwyeZLa2CIM1i5Bw3%252Ffavicon-192x192.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D6396b74f-5179-4e67-9261-0131be429c4f&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e2b564768a5b9e3f3aeffee0d9dc537023610ab2fb60d1e6e0cb3cd1e4f8fa77)![Logo](https://docs.basis.markets/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3084996830-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FeP8HBG4v6oxzoDOwFBzR%252Ficon%252FCp3xwyeZLa2CIM1i5Bw3%252Ffavicon-192x192.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D6396b74f-5179-4e67-9261-0131be429c4f&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=e2b564768a5b9e3f3aeffee0d9dc537023610ab2fb60d1e6e0cb3cd1e4f8fa77)basis.](/welcome-
to-gitbook)

SearchCtrl \+ K

  * Basis Markets

    * [Basis Markets Overview](/welcome-to-gitbook)

  * Products

    * [Basis Trade eXecutor (BTX)](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/basis-trade-executor-btx)

      * [BTX Access](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/basis-trade-executor-btx/btx-access)

      * [BTX Features](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/basis-trade-executor-btx/btx-features)

      * [BTX Quick-Start Guide](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/basis-trade-executor-btx/btx-quick-start-guide)

      * [Launch BTX](https://btx.basis.markets)

    * [⚠️ Basis Trade Engine (BTE) - UNDER MAINTENANCE](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/bte)

      * [BTE Access](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/bte/bte-access)

      * [BTE Features](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/bte/bte-features)

    * [Feature Summary](/welcome-to-gitbook/products/features)

  * Community

    * [Discord Community](/welcome-to-gitbook/community/basis)

      * [Discord Access](/welcome-to-gitbook/community/basis/discord-access)

      * [Discord Features](/welcome-to-gitbook/community/basis/discord-features)

      * [Launch Discord](https://discord.basis.markets)

    * [Public Community](/welcome-to-gitbook/community/public-community)

      * [Launch Blog](https://blog.basis.markets)
      * [Launch Public Discord](https://discord.basis.markets)
      * [Launch Twitter](https://twitter.com/basismarkets)
      * [Launch YouTube](https://youtube.com/channel/UCEzEuQRuxRZfCD-DzlkGnMw)

  * Governance

    * [Basis Markets DAO](/welcome-to-gitbook/governance/dao)

      * [DAO Access](/welcome-to-gitbook/governance/dao/dao-access)

      * [DAO Responsibilities](/welcome-to-gitbook/governance/dao/dao-responsibilities)

      * [Launch DAO](https://dao.basis.markets/)

  * Access tokens

    * [BASIS NFTs](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis-nfts)

      * [NFT Utility](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis-nfts/nft-utility)

    * [BASIS Tokens](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis)

      * [Token Utility](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis/token-utility)

      * [Token Distribution](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis/token-distribution)

  * Educational material

    * [Delta-Neutral Trading](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral)

      * [Background & Context](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral/background)

      * [Funding Rates](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral/funding-rates)

      * [Opportunities & Benefits](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral/opportunities-and-benefits)

    * [Crypto Markets](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1)

      * [Forwards](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1/forwards)

      * [Zero v Positive Supply](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1/zero-v-positive-supply)

      * [Futures](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1/futures)

      * [Perpetual Futures](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1/perpetual-futures)

      * [Basis](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1/basis)

      * [Margins](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-neutral-1/margins)

    * [Launch Blog](https://blog.basis.markets)
    * [Launch YouTube](https://youtube.com/channel/UCEzEuQRuxRZfCD-DzlkGnMw)
  * Frequently Asked Questions

    * [FAQ](/welcome-to-gitbook/faq/faq)

  * Quick access

    * [Official Links](/welcome-to-gitbook/links/official)

      * [Homepage](https://basis.markets)
      * [DAO Platform](https://dao.basis.markets/)
      * [Products](/welcome-to-gitbook/links/official/products)

        * [Basis Trade eXecutor](https://btx.basis.markets)

      * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/basismarkets)
      * [Blog](https://blog.basis.markets)
      * [Discord](https://discord.basis.markets)
      * [YouTube](https://youtube.com/channel/UCEzEuQRuxRZfCD-DzlkGnMw)

  * Terms & Conditions

    * [Terms of Service](/welcome-to-gitbook/terms-and-conditions/terms-of-service)

    * [Privacy Policy](/welcome-to-gitbook/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=eP8HBG4v6oxzoDOwFBzR)

![Page cover
image](https://docs.basis.markets/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3084996830-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FeP8HBG4v6oxzoDOwFBzR%252Fuploads%252Fitgv0Xu3eUfQc588lQWz%252FPicture%25206.svg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D3335f188-faa2-4030-98b1-a3c1aa0b6a4c&width=1248&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=b4ffa5a1fa79b0756b38e7d9bfe7128b8f17f8d1648dbe036ccb1f2acccdc5b3)

# Basis Markets Overview

Next-level automation. Delta-neutral strategies. Real-time insights

##

Overview

Welcome to the Basis Markets official documentation. Here you will find
information about Basis Markets including the DAO, BTX and BTE products, BASIS
token and NFT, as well as the community and ecosystem.

Basis Markets provides users and members with the tools, education, and
community needed to learn, analyse, and execute delta-neutral trades to take
advantage of yield from funding rate opportunities in the crypto markets with
minimal direction risk.

There are two core products maintained by Basis Markets, known as the **BTX**
and **BTE** , which integrate and analyse real-time data from a host of crypto
exchanges & data providers to offer analytics and actionable insight into
crypto markets, as well as efficient trade execution.

The project is proud to be decentralised and are governed by the Basis Markets
DAO, which made up of a collection of project contributors who support the
day-to-day operations and technical development, as well as an active
community of DAO members who debate, discuss, make proposals, and define the
direction of the project.

##

Products

###

Basis Trade eXecutor (BTX)

![](https://docs.basis.markets/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3084996830-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FeP8HBG4v6oxzoDOwFBzR%252Fuploads%252FYnaelwCK2HwA0m1FKoNQ%252FScreenshot%25202023-08-14%2520at%252013.14.51.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D65880056-1ee4-4d23-9152-e45b53062def&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=fbcfb9046e11a3a28f7a9c68a6f5fdbd2ba9c2e19a64b371edcf9fc977d70670)

Basis Trade eXecutioner: Opportunities

Features of the Basis Trade eXecutioner include:

  * Connect to your exchange accounts via secure API

  * Scan available opportunities on top exchanges (Binance, KuCoin & Bybit available, additional exchange integrations in the pipeline)

  * Set parameters for efficient execution including position size and batch limits

  * Execute trades quickly and easily, directly through the BTX

  * Monitor and manage your positions across exchanges in one consolidated tool

Availability: Initial beta version launched for NFT holders in Q1 2023; Multi-
exchange capabilities released Q2 2024. Full version to be available to the
public following the closed beta and open beta periods.

Read more about the [Basis Trade eXecutioner](/welcome-to-gitbook#basis-trade-
executor-btx) here.

###

Basis Trade Engine (BTE)

Please note that the Basis Trade Engine is currently under maintenance and is
not accessible.

It will be re-launched as BTE 2.0 as part of the Basis Markets project
roadmap.

![](https://docs.basis.markets/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F3084996830-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FeP8HBG4v6oxzoDOwFBzR%252Fuploads%252FHw16Atd1lZxGTisYemRV%252FScreenshot%25202023-08-14%2520at%252012.30.30%2520NEW.jpg%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Da46ed7e3-3344-4eb9-9a8c-35bf1107b8f0&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=44eaa638e2f0ed54e534dcbff4bd2a9d34e79f4acaa4b9ce59dee766e5ff679a)

Basis Trade Engine: Overview

Features of the Basis Trade Engine include:

  * Scan delta-neutral trade opportunities across 12+ exchanges in real-time

  * Find market inefficiencies presenting positive expected-value returns

  * Filter based on your preferences, risk tolerance and more

  * Choose the best trades based on your preferences

  * Visualise returns over time with interactive charts

Availability: Full version available to NFT Holders only.

Read more about the [Basis Trade Engine](/welcome-to-gitbook#basis-trade-
engine-bte) here.

##

Community

NFT holders also have access to a host of members-only tools & alerts, as well
as a supportive community of likeminded individuals.

##

Governance

We are proud to be decentralised and governed by the Basis Markets DAO. The
DAO is the core of the Basis Markets ecosystem and governs everything from the
BASIS token fee mechanism, through to the feature roadmap within the BTE and
BTX.

The DAO is made up of a collection of project contributors who support the
day-to-day operations and technical development, as well as an active
community of DAO members who debate, discuss, make proposals, and define the
direction of the project.

DAO members all hold a BASIS NFT, giving them the opportunity to contribute
DAO proposals, which are then voted on by the community via a trustless, on-
chain process. All decisions on important matters concerning the project have
been, and will continue to be made via this mechanism.

Read more about the [Basis Markets DAO](/welcome-to-gitbook/governance/dao)
here.

##

Access Tokens

###

BASIS NFTs

The BASIS NFT model allows its holders to be a core member of Basis Markets.
There are 5,000 BASIS NFTs in existence and no more will ever be created,
keeping the circulating supply limited and ensuring the exclusivity of the NFT
is never diluted as the Basis Markets ecosystem develops.

Read more about [BASIS NFTs](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis-nfts)
here.

###

BASIS Tokens

The BASIS Token model allows holders to participate in the use of Basis
Markets' core product, the Basis Trade eXecutor. There are 1,000,000,000 BASIS
Tokens in existence and no more will ever be created, keeping the circulating
supply capped and ensuring that there is no in-built inflation within the
tokenomics.

Read more about [BASIS Tokens](/welcome-to-gitbook/access-tokens/basis) here.

##

Educational Material

Educational material can be found in the section below:

[pageDelta-Neutral Trading](/welcome-to-gitbook/educational-material/delta-
neutral)

##

Frequently Asked Questions

Frequently asked questions can be found in the section below:

[pageFAQ](/welcome-to-gitbook/faq/faq)

##

**Official Links**

Official links can be found in the section below:

[pageOfficial Links](/welcome-to-gitbook/links/official)

##

Terms of Service

Basis Markets DAO's Terms of Service & Privacy Policy can be found in the
section below:

[pageTerms of Service](/welcome-to-gitbook/terms-and-conditions/terms-of-
service)

If you have questions that aren't answered in this documentation, please reach
out to the community in the Basis Markets [Discord
server](https://discord.basis.markets).

Last updated 20 days ago

On this page

