s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Meet v4 and the brand new Squads app

Oct 2, 2023

![squads-new-app-squads-protocol-v4-spending-limits-solana-multisig-
permissions-roles-fee-relayer-sub-accounts-privacy-squadsx-multisig-extension-
wallet-fuse-squads-new-
design-v4-v3-platform](https://framerusercontent.com/images/BxUD0esedQ5RTRLGh69K4zLxOo.png)

**TL;DR:**

  * Squads has been building on Solana for over 2 years;

  * the Squads app has undergone a full UI/UX revamp;

  * the next iteration of Squads Protocol, v4, is here;

  * teams can now access advanced features for their multisig with Squads Pro;

  * along with the new platform, we are launching SquadsX - the first multisig web-extension wallet on Solana.

Squads Labs started building on Solana in 2021, originally focusing on DAO
tooling infrastructure. As we were progressing in our development journey, we
discovered that the Solana ecosystem at the time was (and still largely is)
populated by startup teams and crypto native institutions as opposed to DAOs.
Consequently, in early 2022 we shifted our focus towards building the ultimate
tool for these on-chain organizations to manage their developer and treasury
assets via multisig.

In order to ensure that our product offering is built on strong foundations,
we developed Squads Protocol - a protocol on Solana allowing developers to
securely deploy PDAs with customizable multisig consensus mechanisms. In late
summer of 2022 we launched Squads Protocol v3, which has grown to become the
multisig standard for the Solana ecosystem, supporting more than 100 teams and
securing over $500mln in value.

Today we are releasing a completely redesigned version of our platform as well
as the next iteration of the protocol - v4. In this release we have taken into
consideration a multitude of user feedback gathered during the year v3 has
been on Solana mainnet, as well as our vision as it relates to multisig use
cases and user experience required to effectively manage on-chain assets at an
enterprise level. Letâs dive into the new Squads app and v4.

## A Brand New Experience

We have completely reimagined the design of the app, streamlining the user
experience and bringing it closer to what one might expect from traditional
fintech and enterprise SaaS solutions. While the addition of light mode, a new
color palette, and revised components might be the most obvious changes, this
design update includes dozens of quality of life improvements making the
experience of navigating the app smoother than ever before.

![squads-platform-ui-new-design-squads-v4-app-solana-multisig-best-wallet-
teams-multisig-treasury-programs-solana-multi-signature-
squads](https://framerusercontent.com/images/x2XMyRz5E2fPCvbzlKdCnMCV1U.png)

## Powered by Our New v4 Program

Squads Protocol v3 has been an amazing achievement for the ecosystem, since
paired with the Squads app it was able to deliver a formally verified and
immutable multisig experience for teams on Solana. As user feedback poured in
and more teams were reaching out about using v3 as foundation for their
products, we discovered that it was not without its limitations, making the
need for the next iteration very apparent. To address that, we have built a
new powerful program designed for making it even easier for builders to
leverage multisig consensus and account abstraction on Solana to deliver
seamless product experiences for the next billion users. This is Squads
Protocol v4.  
  

![squads-protocol-v4-smart-contract-wallet-solana-multisig-infrastructure-
consensus-mechanism-account-abstraction-aa-solana-
svm](https://framerusercontent.com/images/CRJXzLzcQI42rIBdVaU2w3fWYCQ.png)

The new v4 program expands upon v3 by introducing features such as:

  * Time locks

  * Sub-accounts

  * Roles and permissions

  * Spending limits

  * Support for ALTs (Address Lookup Tables)

  * Network fee relayer.

While our new platform takes full advantage of what this new program has to
offer, we believe it can and should be leveraged by all kinds of projects on
Solana such as wallets, DeFi protocols and projects tokenizing real-world
assets. With industry leaders like Pyth already building on top of v3, we
expect that v4 with its expanded feature offering will have an even larger
impact on developers in the Solana ecosystem.  
  

![squads-protocol-solana-account-abstraction-smart-contract-wallet-
infrastructure-multisig-solana-svm-multi-signature-tokenized-assets-squads-
solana](https://framerusercontent.com/images/1F5DLbnNlSZjeNbGWcE3EfjH0U.png)

At Squads Labs, we strongly believe that finance and medicine are the only two
areas where âmove fast and break thingsâ approach, popular among many
developers, simply does not work. Therefore, as always, smart contract
security was paramount for us when developing v4. As of today we have
completed several security audits with OtterSec and Neodyme, with two
independent formal verifications and a third audit currently in progress.
While there was a 6 months gap between the launch of v3 and the day we made
the program immutable, we intend to get to that point much faster with v4.

## Introducing Squads Pro

Along with v4 and the updated Squads app we are launching a subscription for
advanced users, Squads Pro. Squads Pro is priced at $399 per Squad a month and
unlocks access to advanced features, priority support and exclusive partner
deals. We designed Squads Pro in response to the need of power users looking
for granular controls, unlimited capabilities, privacy and a frictionless
experience. All of the features our users have come to love in the previous
iteration of the app powered by v3, such as multisig deployment, basic
treasury management and developer asset management are all available on the
new platform, free of charge.  
  

![squads-subscription-price-sub-account-squads-pro-squads-extension-squads-
solana-
multisig](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6wkt470NNCpJOieAj4ERMEFQLg.png)

Squads Pro subscribers get access to **Spending Limits.** With Spending
Limits, a multisig can allow certain members to withdraw funds from the
treasury without the need to pass the multisig threshold. Spending Limits can
be applied to any fungible token with an option to set any timeframe, maximum
withdrawal amount and a specific whitelisted destination address.

Enterprises looking for granular control and access management can take
advantage of the Pro feature titled **Permissions**. When adding keys to the
multisig, users can now select a single role or any combination of the three
roles available: **Proposer** (only creating transactions is allowed),
**Voter** (only signing transactions is allowed) and **Executor** (can only
execute transactions).

With Permissions and Spending Limits, enterprises now have significant
flexibility in reflecting the rights and authorizations certain operators hold
when it comes to managing assets, all fully on-chain and governed by multisig
consensus.

Another Pro feature we are launching today is **Sub-accounts.** Each multisig
can now have multiple addresses to receive assets. **Sub-accounts** will allow
startups to separate revenue streams into separate accounts for easier
accounting purposes or allow venture firms to create multiple accounts for
their vesting tokens without the need to deploy multiple Squads.

Additionally, our Pro users are getting access to the **Fee Relayer**.
Activating it enables your multisig to cover network fees for its members when
it comes to interacting with the Squad (initiating, signing and executing
transactions), making it completely gasless from their point of view. Turn on
the Relayer, make sure you have SOL in your multisig and your Squad members
can interact with the app without needing SOL or any other token in their
individual wallets. This feature in part relies on Turnkey infrastructure as
well as being a great showcase of what is possible with account abstraction on
Solana.  
  

![squads-gasless-transaction-solana-transaction-fee-relayer-no-gas-fee-solana-
account-abstraction-
turnkey](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7vZnSvgwFZHub8ZbLPNHbPBw1SI.png)

Finally, each Pro Squad can now be set to **Members View Only**. In this mode,
the only way for someone to view the Squad profile and its contents is to be a
member and sign a message for on-chain verification. Please note that this
feature does not grant any on-chain privacy and solely relates to the
interface.

On top of all the above features, Squads Pro subscribers are getting access to
exclusive deals from Solana ecosystem partners and beyond such as:

  * Helius - Solana's Leading RPC and API Platform;

  * Integral - The enterprise-grade web3 accounting stack;

  * TopLedger - On-chain analytics provider on Solana;

  * Airfoil - A leading web3 design agency;

  * OtterSec - Security audits for smart contracts that protect blockchain ideas;

  * Neodyme - Audits, trainings, and consulting services backed by deep-dive security research;

  * And more to be announced.

The Squads Pro subscription will be complimentary for SCS members until the
end of this year.

## SquadsX: Access the Solana Ecosystem with Multisig Security

![smart-contract-wallet-solana-squadsx-multisig-wallet-solana-account-
abstraction-aa-
extension](https://framerusercontent.com/images/nSnZLS2zLbKF8ADnXPREvQHBNlE.png)

SquadsX, the first multisig browser extension wallet for Solana, has arrived.
It allows teams and institutions to interact with Solana apps, DeFi and the
broader ecosystem without compromising security of their assets, thanks to
multisig security. SquadsX is a browser extension wallet that a user adds as a
member to their Squad and once approved, SquadsX can be connected to various
apps in the Solana ecosystem (just like you would connect Phantom or Backpack)
to initiate transactions for the Squad to approve.

This is an essential companion tool for your operational setup since it allows
accessing Solana with enterprise-level security and perform any kind of
activities such as liquidity provisioning, lending, borrowing and on-chain
futures trading while maintaining your multisig consensus requirements.

As SquadsX represents a novel approach to interacting with Solana programs,
we've collaborated with leading projects in the ecosystem to ensure
compatibility upon release. SquadsX users can interact with:

  * **Phoenix** \- A fully decentralized central limit order book on Solana

  * **Orca** \- A concentrated liquidity automated market maker (AMM)

  * **Raydium** \- An on-chain order book AMM

  * **Tensor** \- The leading Solana NFT marketplace

  * **Zeta** \- An on-chain order book offering perpetual swaps

  * **Solend** \- A lending/borrowing protocol

  * **Jupiter** \- The leading Solana swap aggregator

  * **Meteora** \- A lending aggregator

  * **Circuit** \- Decentralized market making vaults  
  

![solana-multisig-wallet-squadsx-smart-contract-wallet-solana-account-
abstraction-multisig-aa-squads-wallet-extension-multisig-transactions-
browser](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6c77tKEqX4KvuAJ9IffcCHLkWw.png)

SquadsX is still in beta and bugs or compatibility issues may occur; for that
reason SquadsX is only available to Squads Pro subscribers upon release. For
the ecosystem teams out there, we will provide in the coming weeks more
details and documentation on how to make your app compatible with SquadsX. For
Pro users looking to test out this long awaited product, we recommend sticking
to the list of our official partners for now.

## What's Next?

This release is a result of many months of research, design and development,
and we are beyond excited to finally bring it to Solana. v4, the new Squads
app, Squads Pro and of course SquadsX are all available starting today at
[app.squads.so](http://app.squads.so/). During the next few months we will be
adding a plethora of features and integrations on our journey towards making
Squads the ultimate tool for on-chain enterprises to manage their developer
and treasury assets in the most secure and intuitive way.

  

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

**About Squads Protocol**

Squads is a multisig protocol that helps web3-native teams manage and secure
digital assets on-chain. Squads Protocol v3 is the first formally verified
program on Solana. Squads Protocol v4 introduces time locks, spending limits,
roles, sub-accounts, fee relayers, multiple-party payments, support for
SquadsX and more. Squads v4 has already been audited by Neodyme, OtterSec. To
learn more about Squads Protocol, please visit <https://squads.so/protocol>

  

Continue reading

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

