![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Network alerts history](/en/alerts) | [ ![rss](/img/icons/header_rss.svg?1716491272) Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/alerts.rss) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_alerts/2017-07-12-potential-split.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_alerts/2017-07-12-potential-split.md%0A%0A)

# Potential network disruption

12 July 2017

ALL TOPICS

  * Chain split
  * Preparation
  * During the event
  * After the event
  * Document history

_Last updated: Fri Jul 21 2017 12:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time).
This page will be updated when new information becomes available. See the list
of updates._

Starting at approximately Sun Jul 23 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated
Universal Time), Bitcoin [confirmation scores](/en/you-need-to-know#instant)
may become less reliable than normal for a period of up to a month.

Users are advised to wait for more confirmations than they usually would
before accepting any payment as final. Bitcoin.orgâs usual
[recommendation](/en/you-need-to-know#instant) during network disruption is to
wait for 30 confirmations.

We also recommend monitoring this page and other Bitcoin news sites for
additional information and updates.

_Outdated information from earlier versions of this post follows._

## Chain split

Since Bitcoinâs inception, its network has facilitated hundreds of millions
of transactions. As a result, different groups of people (developers,
investors, entrepreneurs, etc.), have debated on the best ways Bitcoin can be
optimized to allow it to exponentially scale even further. In recent months,
alternative software has been released that represents some of the interests
of the aforementioned groups of people - software that is scheduled to go live
toward the end of July.

The Bitcoin block chain, which is a record of all Bitcoin transactions to
date, relies on a network of thousands of Bitcoin nodes running Bitcoin
software. On Tue Aug 01 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time),
the Bitcoin block chain may experience what is known as a chain split. This is
when a portion of Bitcoinâs nodes run software that another portion of nodes
are not fully compatible with. As a result, some nodes may propagate confirmed
transactions that other nodes may not accept or recognize. This may result in
unreliable [confirmation scoring](/en/you-need-to-know#instant) for an unknown
length of time. This means that any bitcoins you receive during this period
could disappear from your wallet or be a type of bitcoin that other people
will not accept as payment, until the situation is resolved.

Once the situation is resolved, confirmation scoring will either automatically
return to their normal reliability or there will be two (or more) competing
versions of Bitcoin as a result of a split block chain. In the former case,
you may return to using Bitcoin normally; in the latter case, you will need to
take extra steps in order to begin safely receiving bitcoins again.

This post currently describes what actions you can take to prepare for this
situation. Subsequent to Tue Aug 01 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated
Universal Time), we will update this post as best we can with relevant
information, but you are also advised to monitor other Bitcoin news sites and
[community resources](/en/community) for updates and to cross-check all
information, as someone may attempt to spread false news in order to exploit
the situation.

Remember that you alone are responsible for the safety of your bitcoins, and
that if you lose control of them for any reason, there is nothing the
operators or contributors to this website can do to help you.

_Note:_ there is a chance a milder level of disruption could start between now
and Tue Aug 01 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time). If that is
the case, this post will be updated with details.

## Preparation

  1. If you accept bitcoins as payments, we recommend that you stop accepting Bitcoin payments at least 12 hours before Tue Aug 01 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time), although 24 to 48 hours earlier may be safer. This will give time for all pending payments to confirm on the Bitcoin block chain before the event.

  2. If you send bitcoins as payments, note that many services may stop accepting bitcoins at Tue Aug 01 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time) or earlier.

  3. Be wary of storing your bitcoins on an exchange or any service that doesnât allow you to make a local backup copy of your private keys. If they accept transactions during the event, they could lose money and will likely spread those losses across all their users. If there end up being two or more competing versions of Bitcoin, then they may refuse to give you your bitcoins on versions they donât like.

  4. Bitcoin may experience significant price fluctuations in relation to other currencies. Learn more about [price volatility](/en/you-need-to-know#volatile) and ensure you arenât holding more bitcoin than you can afford to lose.

## During the event

  1. Do not trust any payments you receive after Tue Aug 01 2017 00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time) until the situation is resolved. No matter how many confirmations the new payment says it has, it can disappear from your wallet at any point up until the situation is resolved.

  2. Try not to send any payments. During the event there may be two or more different types of bitcoin and you may send all of the different types to a recipient who only expects one type. This would benefit the recipient at your expense.

  3. Be wary of offers to allow you to invest in the outcome of the event by âsplittingâ your coins. Some of these offers may be scams, and software claiming to split your coins can also steal them.

## After the event

We will update this section with more information after Tue Aug 01 2017
00:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time). Please monitor this page
accordingly and wait until multiple news sources that you trust have stated
that the event is resolved before returning to normal Bitcoin use.

## Document history

**Note:** The information contained herein is not to be construed as an
official statement by Bitcoin Core. Bitcoin.org and Bitcoin Core open source
projects are run by separate teams.

A [full history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-
org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_alerts/2017-07-12-potential-split.md) of this
document is available. The following points summarize major changes, with the
most recent changes being listed first.

  * Sat Jul 22 2017 12:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time): describe possible unreliability of confirmation scores starting July 22 or 23.
  * Thu Jul 13 2017 11:21:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time): add general info about split.
  * Wed Jul 12 2017 12:00:00 GMT+0000 (Coordinated Universal Time): initial version.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

