[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vaW50cm9kdWNpbmctYmluYW5jZS1mYW4tY2x1Yi1pbnRlcmFjdC13aXRoLXlvdXItZmF2b3JpdGUtdGVhbS1saWtlLW5ldmVyLWJlZm9yZS0zODY1MTcyMTMzNzQwMjM4NTE5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vaW50cm9kdWNpbmctYmluYW5jZS1mYW4tY2x1Yi1pbnRlcmFjdC13aXRoLXlvdXItZmF2b3JpdGUtdGVhbS1saWtlLW5ldmVyLWJlZm9yZS0zODY1MTcyMTMzNzQwMjM4NTE5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Introducing Binance Fan Club: Interact With Your Favorite Team Like Never
Before

2023-02-20

## Main Takeaways

  * [Binance Fan Club](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-profile/lazio/fan-profile?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC) is a brand-new rewards redemption system built into the [Binance Fan Token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC) platform. 

  * Collect Star Points by completing simple tasks, like learning about Fan Token or participating in Fan Token activities such as our Voting Polls.

  * The more Star Points you collect, the higher your level, which grants you access to better rewards.

_Reimagine sports fandom with exclusive rewards, once-in-a-lifetime
experiences, and a whole lot more — only on Binance Fan Token._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230220/7d4a0259-9f1b-46a3-8b2d-b1411ce8cff9.png)

If you’re reading this, chances are you love sports. The glory, the upsets,
the deafening roar of the crowd after a goal or a victory lap – people from
all walks of life come together to support their team whether at the stadium
or on the TV screen at home.

We at Fan Token have spent the past two years redefining what it means to be a
fan, from facilitating the distribution of [exclusive
merchandise](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-use-the-fan-shop-
on-the-binance-fan-token-platform-0a6af00efe924a5a8cffa6bc9e4ce606) and
[NFTs](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-buy-nfts-and-mystery-
boxes-using-binance-fan-token-d2d65262e03449d9be4f1df6599ef0e0) to [enabling
fan polls](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-participate-in-
voting-polls-with-binance-fan-token-c614f2918c5d4c8bb4b14f893ee04e35) that
shape your team’s decisions. Today, we’re excited to announce the launch of
Binance Fan Club — a brand new rewards redemption system built into the
[Binance Fan Token](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-
body&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC) platform.

Don’t just watch your team from the sidelines or the couch. Engage, interact,
and get closer to the action!

## What is Binance Fan Club and How Does it Work?

[Binance Fan Club](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio/fan-profile?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC) gamifies the fan
experience by rewarding you based on how much you engage with the team of your
choice. Here’s how it works.

### The Star Point system

First, you’ll need to collect Star Points. You can do this by completing
simple tasks, like verifying your identity or participating in Fan Token
activities such as our Voting Polls.

The more Star Points you collect, the higher your level.

In ascending order, the four levels are:

  1. Academy

  2. Starter

  3. Captain

  4. Superstar

### So how do I unlock rewards?

Every month, we’ll release a new selection of stellar rewards for you to
unlock in exchange for your Fan Tokens.

Think VIP tickets, signed memorabilia, and even a chance to meet your team’s
star player. Higher-level users get access to better rewards, so make sure to
collect those Star Points!

## …Did We Mention Community Rewards?

Sports is all about community. We cheer when we’re winning and support one
another when things don’t go our way. [Community
Rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/invitation-
event?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-announcement-
banner&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club-comrewards&registerChannel=BFC) is our way of
giving back to Fan Token users.

As the community grows in size and hits key milestones, we’ll release portions
of a token prize pool to all users who’ve invited at least one friend. If you
invite more friends and hit higher levels, you’ll be able to receive an even
larger share of the prize pool based on a multiplier system.  

**Invitation Multiplier  **

  * Invite 1-2 friends: 1x multiplier

  * Invite 3-4 friends: 3x multiplier

  * Invite 5+ friends: 5x multiplier 

**User Level Multiplier**

  * Level 1 (Academy): 1x multiplier

  * Level 2 (Starter):  2x multiplier

  * Level 3 (Captain): 3x multiplier

  * Level 4 (Superstar): 6x multiplier 

**Users will also receive additional rewards for inviting their friends:**

Invite 1 friend: $1 worth of Fan Tokens

Invite 3 friends: $4 worth of Fan Tokens

Invite 5 friends: $14 worth of Fan Tokens

## How The Multipliers Work

To calculate your Individual Multiplier, use the following formula: Invitation
Multiplier * User Level Multiplier = Individual Multiplier.

Below is an example of how it would work if our Community Rewards Pool were
shared between two users with different multiplier values.

### User A is an Academy user who has invited one friend.

Invitation | User Level| Individual Multiplier  
---|---|---  
1x| Academy (1x)| 1 * 1 = 1  
  
### User B is a Captain user who has invited three friends.

Invitation | User Level| Individual Multiplier  
---|---|---  
3x | Captain (3x)| 3 * 3 = 9  
  
### $100 Community Reward Pool shared between 2 users:

Combined Multiplier| Unit Value| User A Rewards| User B Rewards  
---|---|---|---  
1 + 9 = 10| $100/10 = $10 | $10 * 1 = $10| $10 * 9 = $90  
  
Start inviting your friends and leveling up! The first Community Rewards prize
pool will be worth $20,000 in Fan Tokens. For more details on how rewards will
be distributed, you can check out our [full
announcement](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/a4e9fd840d7c4a5fac8ff0c2293d9008).

## Discover What Fans Are Made of

Binance Fan Token is the ultimate destination for sports fans in the world of
[Web3](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/the-evolution-of-the-internet-
web-3-0-explained). On our platform, you’ll find a world-class lineup of teams
across various sports — from top-flight football to Formula 1 — along with an
assortment of exciting activities, promotions, unique rewards, and much more.

If you’re new to Binance, [create your
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register) today and complete[ identity
verification](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-
verification-360027287111) to jump right in!

## Further Reading

  * (Blog) [Binance Fan Token 2021 Round-Up Report: A Global Debut For Elevated Fan Engagement](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/binance-fan-token-2021-roundup-report-a-global-debut-for-elevated-fan-engagement-421499824684903356)

  * (Blog) [Racing Fans Experience an Immersive Race Day Fan Party Hosted by Binance in Belgium](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/racing-fans-experience-an-immersive-race-day-fan-party-hosted-by-binance-in-belgium-6515870133140540519)

  * (Academy) [What Are Binance Fan Tokens?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-binance-fan-tokens)

194,774,505 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Introducing Binance Fan Club: Interact With Your Favorite Team Like Never
Before

Main Takeaways

What is Binance Fan Club and How Does it Work?

…Did We Mention Community Rewards?

How The Multipliers Work

Discover What Fans Are Made of

Further Reading

194,774,505 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

