[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL3N1aG9vci1zZXNzaW9ucy13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtY29ubmVjdC1sZWFybi1hbmQtZWFybi10aGlzLXJhbWFkYW4tNzQ1NjQwMzM2MTAzMDUxNzkzOD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL3N1aG9vci1zZXNzaW9ucy13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtY29ubmVjdC1sZWFybi1hbmQtZWFybi10aGlzLXJhbWFkYW4tNzQ1NjQwMzM2MTAzMDUxNzkzOD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Suhoor Sessions with Binance: Connect, Learn, and Earn This Ramadan

2024-03-16

## Main Takeaways

  * Dive into the world of crypto with our ‘Suhoor Sessions’, a series of educational and interactive livestreams to be held on Binance Live during Ramadan 2024.

  * Sessions will be held from March 16 to April 10, 2024, during which you’ll be able to explore different projects through presentations, Q&As, and competitive quizzes. 

  * Learn directly from project leaders — including Celo, Ethernity, IOTA, MANTRA, and Pixels — and engage in quizzes for a share of $5,000 in crypto per session.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240315/781dfc08-8064-419c-a5c5-9460f90226e4)

Ramadan is a period rich in introspection, community, and growth. Suhoor, the
pre-dawn meal, symbolizes preparation and reflection, setting intentions and
fostering connections. Embracing this spirit, we’re excited to introduce
‘Suhoor Sessions with Binance’ as part of our 2024 [_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) of
activities and celebrations.

This initiative merges tradition with the contemporary crypto world, offering
a series of educational and interactive sessions on blockchain and
cryptocurrency. Aimed at enriching the holy month with discovery, engagement,
and rewards, these livestreams are for anyone in our community interested in
greater understanding and knowledge.

## What to Expect from the Suhoor Sessions

Running from March 16 to April 10, 2024, these sessions on our [_Binance
Live_](https://www.binance.com/en/live) streaming platform will offer insights
into a range of crypto and blockchain topics.

With each Suhoor Session dedicated to a different project, get ready to learn
from our guest speakers about their crypto projects through presentations,
Q&As, and online quizzes. Better yet, we’re combining education with the
chance to share in crypto rewards — with each project attending a session
giving away tokens as part of the fun.

Let’s take a closer look at how each session will be structured.

### Session Format

Each Suhoor Session follows a carefully curated format to ensure participants
gain the most from their experience.

**Project Presentations:** The first segment of the session features a
presentation by a guest from the project. This presentation is designed to
introduce the project, outlining its objectives, technology, and potential
impact on the crypto ecosystem.

**Quizzes:** Following the presentation, participants will engage in an
interactive quiz, testing their grasp of the project’s concepts and details.
It's a fun and interactive way to reinforce learning and foster a competitive
spirit.

**Winners Announcement:** The excitement continues as winners are announced,
each session rewarding those who demonstrate keen understanding and quick
reflexes.

**Q &A Session: **A vital component of the Suhoor Sessions, the Q&A allows
participants to delve deeper, asking questions and clearing up any confusion
about the projects. It’s a direct line to the experts, offering invaluable
insights.

**Rewards:** The session concludes with the distribution of rewards via
Binance Live, directly crediting the winners’ accounts with their well-earned
crypto rewards!

### Featured Partners and Dates

Our Suhoor Sessions feature a diverse array of crypto projects, each with a
distinct vision and contribution to make to the ecosystem. Confirmed sessions
are as follows:

  * **Project:** MANTRA (OM) / **Suhoor Sessions:** March 16 & April 2, at 23:59 UTC+4.

“Revolutionizing the world of finance through the tokenization of real-world
assets (RWAs). Bridging the gap between TradFi and DeFi.”

  * **Project** : Pixels (PIXEL) / **Suhoor Session** : March 28, 2024, at 23:59 UTC+4. 

“A fun, easy-going, blockchain-backed game. We believe that Pixels will be the
gateway for millions into Web3. The future is blockchain gaming.”

  * **Project:** IOTA (IOTA) / **Suhoor Session:** April 6, 2024, at 23:59 UTC+4. 

“An open-source, scalable, feeless, and permissionless distributed ledger.”

  * **Project:** Celo (CELO) / **Suhoor Session:** Date to be confirmed. 

“A blockchain built for the real world: mobile-first, and EVM compatible.”

  * **Project:** Ethernity (ERN) / **Suhoor Session:** Date to be confirmed. 

“Connecting fans with the world’s biggest brands through digital
collectibles.”

Please note that these project descriptions reflect how they present
themselves, and provide a glimpse into their vision, but are not endorsements
by Binance.

For the most current information on session dates and featured projects, be
sure to follow Binance on [_social media_](https://twitter.com/binance). We’ll
be announcing further Suhoor Session details throughout Ramadan, offering you
a selection of insights, knowledge and rewards!

### $5,000 of Crypto Rewards per Session

At the heart of the Suhoor Sessions is the belief that learning should be
rewarding in every sense. More than just a test of memory, the quizzes to be
held in each session challenge the Binance Live audience to think critically
and act swiftly.

Each project will be allocating $5,000 of tokens to be shared among each
session’s winners. These rewards not only serve as a mark of appreciation for
your engagement and effort, but also act as encouragement to delve deeper into
the world of crypto!

## How to Participate on Binance Live

Join the Suhoor Sessions with Binance in a few easy steps for a rewarding
Ramadan experience.

**Step 1:** Update your Binance app to the latest version (iOS 2.57.0 or
Android 2.57.0 or later) for a smooth experience.

**Step 2:** Access Binance Live via the app (under ‘More’) or website (top
navigation bar).

**Step 3:** Ensure your account is verified for session participation and
rewards eligibility; verify in account settings.

**Step 4:** Join any Suhoor Session by opening Binance Live at the scheduled
times and selecting the session.

**Step 5:** Engage with the content, answer the quizzes, and ask questions
during the Q&A for a chance to win.

## Embrace, Learn, and Win: Your Invitation to Suhoor Sessions

As we gear up for the Suhoor Sessions as part of our [_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) , we
invite you to join us in this unique blend of education, interaction, and
celebration. These sessions are designed not only to deepen your knowledge of
the crypto world but also to foster a sense of community and shared learning
during the holy month of Ramadan.

By participating, you’re taking a step towards understanding the potential and
dynamics of blockchain tech, all while enjoying the opportunity to win crypto
rewards. Follow us on [_Binance Live_](https://www.binance.com/en/live) and
explore the vast possibilities within the digital landscape. Get ready for
discovery, engagement, and meaningful rewards.

From all of us here at Binance, we extend our warmest wishes for a blessed
Ramadan. May this holy month bring you joy, peace, and prosperity. Embrace the
#RamadanWithBinance spirit, and let’s journey together through the Suhoor
Sessions!

## Further Reading

  * [ _The Binance Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024)

  * [ _Fawazir Ramadan: Solve Riddles on X for Rewards!_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/fawazir-ramadan-solve-riddles-on-x-for-rewards-5800051197490022993)

  * [_**Binance’s 2024 Ramadan Calendar: A Journey of Discovery and Giving**_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/binances-2024-ramadan-calendar-a-journey-of-discovery-and-giving-4458577920864034961)

* * *

**Risk Disclaimer** : _Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,030,948 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Suhoor Sessions with Binance: Connect, Learn, and Earn This Ramadan

Main Takeaways

What to Expect from the Suhoor Sessions

How to Participate on Binance Live

Embrace, Learn, and Win: Your Invitation to Suhoor Sessions

Further Reading

195,030,948 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

