  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [Ethereum
Name Service (ENS): A Beginner’s Guide](/blog/ethereum-name-service-beginners-
guide)

##### Guides

# Ethereum Name Service (ENS): A Beginner’s Guide

Published on: Feb 7, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding ENS**
  * **How ENS Works**
  * **Benefits of ENS**
  * **ENS and the Future**

##### In Brief

Unlock the power of Ethereum with ENS (Ethereum Name Service), making crypto
transactions easier and safer with user-friendly domain names. Learn how in
this beginner’s guide.

![Ethereum Name Service \(ENS\): A Beginner’s
Guide](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_name_services_6f157bdf8d.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

Ever look at those long, unmemorable Ethereum addresses and wish there was an
easier way to manage them? Well, that's where the Ethereum Name Service (ENS)
comes into play. It's like the contact list on your phone, but for your crypto
addresses. Instead of a string of numbers and letters, you get a simple name
that's much easier to remember and share.

This guide will walk you through what ENS is, why it matters, and how you can
start using it to simplify your digital life with the help of Trust Wallet.
Whether you're new to the world of cryptocurrency or looking to streamline
your Ethereum transactions, ENS offers a user-friendly solution that bridges
the gap between the complexity of blockchain technology and the everyday user.

## Understanding ENS

At its core, the Ethereum Name Service is a decentralized system that runs on
the Ethereum blockchain. ENS translates those cumbersome Ethereum addresses
into readable names, much like how a website address works. Just as you might
navigate to a website by typing its domain name instead of its IP address, ENS
allows users to send and receive crypto using easy-to-remember names like
'john.eth' instead of '0x4c...7e2'. It's not just limited to wallet addresses,
either. ENS can point to smart contracts, content hashes, and more, making it
a versatile tool in the Ethereum ecosystem.

Building on this foundation, the Ethereum Name Service extends its utility
beyond mere name resolution. ENS names can serve as a gateway to a
decentralized web, where users can host websites, access decentralized
applications (dApps), and even store metadata or contact information securely
on the blockchain. This adaptability makes ENS an integral part of the
decentralized finance (DeFi) and non-fungible token (NFT) ecosystems,
providing a layer of user-friendliness seldom seen in traditional blockchain
applications. With ENS, the complexities of interacting with decentralized
technologies are significantly reduced, fostering greater adoption and a
smoother user experience across various blockchain services.

Furthermore, the governance of ENS is uniquely democratic, managed by the ENS
community through a decentralized autonomous organization (DAO). This ensures
that decisions regarding the development and future direction of ENS are made
collectively by its stakeholders. The ENS DAO oversees key aspects such as
pricing structures, domain registration policies, and the introduction of new
features, ensuring that ENS remains responsive to the needs of its users. This
community-driven approach not only enhances the protocol’s transparency and
trustworthiness but also aligns it with the broader ethos of decentralization
that underpins the Ethereum blockchain. Through these innovative mechanisms,
ENS is paving the way for a more accessible, secure, and user-centric digital
world.

## How ENS Works

Delving deeper into the workings of ENS, it's important to understand the role
of the Ethereum blockchain in ensuring the security and integrity of domain
registrations. Each ENS domain is essentially a non-fungible token (NFT),
providing verifiable ownership and control over the domain. This NFT-based
approach allows domain owners to transfer or sell their domains in a secure
and transparent manner, similar to other digital assets on the blockchain. The
use of smart contracts automates these transactions, ensuring that they are
executed according to the predefined rules without the need for
intermediaries, thereby reducing potential fraud and errors.

Moreover, the resolution process—how domain names translate to addresses or
records—is facilitated by a distributed network of resolvers. These resolvers
interpret ENS domain requests and fetch the corresponding records from the
blockchain, ensuring that transactions are directed to the correct addresses.
This system not only simplifies the transaction process but also enhances
privacy and security by minimizing exposure to phishing attacks and other
forms of online fraud.

To further enrich the ecosystem, ENS allows for the registration of
subdomains, offering organizations and individuals the ability to create a
hierarchical structure under their main domain. For example, an entity owning
'brand.eth' can issue subdomains like 'payment.brand.eth' or
'service.brand.eth' to facilitate various operations or services, enhancing
brand cohesion and user trust. This flexibility makes ENS a powerful tool for
businesses and developers looking to establish a presence in the decentralized
web, enabling a more organized and intuitive way to navigate and interact with
Ethereum-based services.

## Benefits of ENS

The primary benefit of ENS is the ease of use it brings to the Ethereum
network. No longer do users have to deal with the risk of entering a long,
complicated address incorrectly. This not only enhances the user experience
but also significantly reduces the chance of errors in transactions.
Furthermore, ENS domains can act as a digital identity, giving users a
consistent name across various dApps and platforms. Additionally, ENS
integrates seamlessly with many wallets and services, making it a universally
accessible feature for Ethereum users.

Beyond simplifying transactions, ENS offers several strategic advantages that
extend its utility across the blockchain ecosystem:

  * **Enhanced Security:** By using human-readable names, ENS minimizes the risk of sending funds to the wrong address, a common issue with traditional alphanumeric addresses. This feature acts as a safeguard against fraud and accidental losses, enhancing the overall security of digital transactions.

  * **Decentralized Identity:** ENS domains serve as more than just addresses; they can embody a user's identity in the digital realm. This allows for a more personalized and secure way to interact online, paving the way for reputation systems and other identity-based applications on the blockchain.

  * **Interoperability:** ENS's open and flexible framework ensures compatibility with a wide range of services and applications. This interoperability is crucial for the seamless exchange of information and assets across different platforms, driving innovation and connectivity within the decentralized web.

  * **Ownership and Control:** Unlike traditional domain name systems controlled by centralized entities, ENS domains are fully owned and controlled by the users. This empowers individuals with sovereignty over their digital presence, free from censorship and external control.

  * **Community Governance:** The ENS protocol is governed by its community, allowing token holders to participate in decision-making processes. This democratic approach ensures that ENS evolves in alignment with the needs and values of its users.

  * **Customizable Records:** Users can associate a wide range of information with their ENS domains, from cryptocurrency addresses to website URLs and metadata. This flexibility supports a variety of use cases, from simplifying crypto payments to hosting decentralized websites.

Additionally, in recent news at the time of writing, GoDaddy, a global leader
in domain registration and web hosting, has partnered with the Ethereum Name
Service (ENS) to facilitate an innovative bridge between traditional internet
domains and the burgeoning Web3 ecosystem. This further underscores the
transformative potential of ENS, making it a cornerstone technology for a more
accessible, secure, and user-friendly blockchain ecosystem.

### Getting Started with ENS

Getting started with ENS is straightforward. Below we’ll outline the simple
process of registering your first ENS domain name.

First, ensure you have an Ethereum crypto wallet and some ETH for fees.
Download the latest version of Trust Wallet and fund your [Ethereum
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), if you haven’t already. You
can either [buy Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-ethereum-
using-trust-wallet-a-visual-guide) directly in Trust Wallet via our trusted
partners, or deposit from another wallet or exchange.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Once you have your Trust Wallet set up and some
[ETH](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) in your wallet, continue with
these steps. We’ll be using the Trust Wallet mobile app for this example, but
you could also use The [Trust Wallet Browser
Extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension). The only difference
being that you use your desktop’s web browser rather than the dApp browser in
the mobile app.

  * Select “Browser” from the main wallet screen. This opens up the dApp browser.

  * Enter [https://app.ens.domains/](https://app.ens.domains/) and select “Done”.

  * Select “Connect”.

![ethereum-name-services-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_name_services_2_b76c31dcbe.png&w=3840&q=75)

  * Choose “Browser Wallet”, then select “Connect”.

  * Select the “Search for a name” section.

![ethereum-name-services-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_name_services_3_335740e87e.png&w=3840&q=75)

  * Search for a name you want. It’ll tell you whether it’s available or not. Once you see “Available” and you are satisfied with the name, select it.

  * From there it’s just a matter on continue with the instructions to pay for the gas fee and secure your name

![ethereum-name-services-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_name_services_1_b45087a56f.png&w=3840&q=75)

**Note:** The registration process involves a transaction on the Ethereum
network, so you'll need to confirm it through your wallet. After acquiring
your ENS domain, you can set up records to link your domain to your Ethereum
address, other cryptocurrency addresses, content hashes, or metadata.

## ENS and the Future

The potential for ENS extends far beyond its current capabilities. As the
Ethereum ecosystem grows, so too will the applications for ENS. We can expect
deeper integration with various blockchain services, broader adoption as a
standard for digital identity, and perhaps even cross-chain functionality. The
simplicity and efficiency ENS brings to the blockchain space underscore its
importance in the ongoing evolution of the digital world.

The Ethereum Name Service represents a significant step forward in making the
blockchain more accessible and user-friendly. By simplifying the process of
sending and receiving Ethereum and other assets, ENS ensures that the future
of cryptocurrency is not only secure but also approachable for everyone. As we
move towards a more decentralized web, services like ENS play a pivotal role
in bridging the gap between the complex infrastructure of blockchain
technology and the everyday user. Embracing ENS is embracing the future of
seamless, frictionless digital transactions.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

