This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * [Breakpoint](/breakpoint)
  * [Travel](/breakpoint/travel)
  * [FAQ](/breakpoint/faq)
  * [Tickets](/breakpoint/tickets)
  * [Sponsor](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/2024sponsorship)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbreakpoint-
hero-2024.6d87d7b4.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

# Travel to Breakpoint

#### **Breakpoint Venue:** Suntec Singapore

1 Raffles Boulevard Singapore 039593

#### Invitation Letters & Visas

If you need a **letter of invitation** for your visa, you can submit your
request [here](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/to/KhvEeXH3). Letters
should arrive within 5 business days of your request, but may take longer.
Attendees are responsible for checking requirements and arranging their own
**visas**.

  

If you need **support obtaining your visa** , Solana Foundation has engaged
Nomadic to assist you in this process. Please note the Solana Foundation does
not cover the cost of visa support and it’s up to the individual to pay for
these services. Visa services are outlined below:

  * **Standard** : _Nomadic will provide a detailed list of requirements for the applicant to complete. Once forms are completed you will send them to Nomadic who will file them at the Consulate on your behalf.  Nomadic fee = $150* _
  * **Platinum** : _full end-to-end support. A single contact is assigned to support you with completing the visa application, drafting support and invitation letters, document pre-check including assisting with letters, precheck of documents, setting appointments, and completing application forms. Nomadic fee = $500_ *

*Fees quoted above are for Nomadic services only and do not include shipping, ancillary services or government fees.

  

**To request visa support** , please email
[here](mailto:siobhan.thomas@gonomadic.com) and provide the information below
and a Nomadic Visa Consultant will reach out to you, within three business
days, to assist with the assessment and application.

  * First & last name
  * Passport nationality
  * Country of residence

Visa FAQ

## Singapore

Do I need a visa for Singapore?

Click [here](https://www.ica.gov.sg/enter-transit-depart/entering-
singapore/visa_requirements) to check if you need a visa to travel to
Singapore.

Where do I go to apply for a Singapore visa?

The issuance of a visa must be done by the Singapore Consulate in your Country
of Residence.

Solana Foundation has engaged the assistance of Nomadic to provide you with
directions on how to obtain the Singapore visa. Services offered are detailed
at the top of this document. Please note Solana does not cover the cost of
visa support and it is up to the individual to pay for these services - see
cost above.

How long will it take to obtain a visa for Singapore?

Processing times vary depending on the location where you apply. We suggest
applying at least 3 months in advance of travel. Typically, the application
can be filed via mail- in or courier the application to the Consulate.
However, all visas are issued to the Consulate and they could request an in-
person interview.

#### **Flights**

![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/image/assets%2Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%2F06c7ae7570314869b251b4f84612ae1a?width=300)

Singapore Airlines is offering discounted flights for Breakpoint attendees.
Click on the link at the bottom of your ticket confirmation email to access
the discounted rate.

#### **Hotels**

The Solana Foundation has worked with multiple hotels across Singapore to
offer discounted rates on hotels during Breakpoint. All rates are in Singapore
dollar (S$) and include breakfast for 1 person. Rates below include tax &
fees.

  

[Hotel Faber Park - Handwritten Collection](http://hotelfaberpark-
singapore.com/) **•**[Book
here](https://forms.office.com/r/nrHr53Dute?origin=lprLink)

  * **S$288**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$384**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Mercure Singapore Tyrwhitt](http://mercure-singapore-tyrwhitt.com/)
**•**[Book here](https://forms.office.com/r/nrHr53Dute?origin=lprLink)

  * **S$264**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$360**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Ibis Styles Singapore Albert](http://ibisstyles-singapore-albert.com/)
**•**[Book here](https://forms.office.com/r/nrHr53Dute?origin=lprLink)

  * **S$228**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$312**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Ibis Budget Singapore
Selegie](https://all.accor.com/hotel/B6J6/index.en.shtml) **•**[Book
here](https://forms.office.com/r/nrHr53Dute?origin=lprLink)

  * **S$150**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$234**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Ibis Budget Singapore
Imperial](https://all.accor.com/hotel/B6J7/index.en.shtml) **•**[Book
here](https://forms.office.com/r/nrHr53Dute?origin=lprLink)

  * **S$150**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$234**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Ibis Singapore on Bencoolen](https://all.accor.com/hotel/6657/index.en.shtml)
**•**[Book here](https://www.idem.events/r/solana-break-point-
singapore-2024-a9b33b00)

  * **S$205**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$335**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[InterContinental Singapore](https://singapore.intercontinental.com/)
**•**[Book here](https://www.idem.events/r/solana-breakpoint-
singapore-2024-a9b34e30)

(_Note a minimum of 4 nights is required from 19-23 Sept_)

  * **S$540**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 24 Sept)
  * **S$900**  (19-23 Sept)

  

[Mercure Singapore Bugis](https://www.mercure-singapore-bugis.com/) **•**[Book
here](https://www.idem.events/r/solana_breakpoint_2024_singapore)

  * **S$282**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$402**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Holiday Inn Express Singapore Orchard
Road](https://www.ihg.com/holidayinnexpress/hotels/us/en/singapore/sinex/hoteldetail)
**•**[Book
here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/17yNLFpjk05-qUJ8WEMOB9j1-TaMgglF8/view?usp=sharing)

  * **S$336**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 23-24 Sept)
  * **S$456**  (19-22 Sept)

  

[Hotel Traveltine](https://www.hoteltraveltine.com/) **•**[Book
here](https://www.book-
secure.com/index.php?s=results&property=sgsin31653&arrival=2024-09-19&departure=2024-09-22&code=SOLANA&adults1=2&children1=0&locale=en_GB&currency=SGD&stid=jyxoxrtxf&accessCode=solana&_gl=1*1o1kaxr*_ga*NTI3MDY0NDkzLjE3MDUzMDkxMzI.*_ga_L05E6552YD*MTcwNTYzNDc3My41LjEuMTcwNTYzNDc3NS4wLjAuMA..*_ga_V5F2GZML0T*MTcwNTYzNDc3NS41LjAuMTcwNTYzNDc3NS4wLjAuMA..*_ga_7RLHCQCTED*MTcwNTYzNDc3NS43LjEuMTcwNTYzNDc3NS4wLjAuMA..&_ga=2.38887651.1529212370.1705634675-527064493.1705309132&redir=BIZ-
so5523q0o4&Clusternames=ASIASGHTLHotelTravel&rt=1705634886&connectName=ASIASGHTLHotelTravel&cname=ASIASGHTLHotelTravel&Hotelnames=Asia-
Sg-Hotel-Traveltine&hname=Asia-Sg-Hotel-
Traveltine&cluster=ASIASGHTLHotelTravel)

 _Note a minimum of 3 nights is required from 19-22 Sept_

  * **S$264**  (Pre: 16-18 Sept / Post: 24 Sept)
  * **S$504**  (19-23 Sept)

![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)

[Solana Foundation Events Code of Conduct](/breakpoint/code-of-conduct)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

