[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0LzEwLXBvcHVsYXItYWx0Y29pbnMtLWhvdy10by1idXktdGhlbS00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDI3MTE%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0LzEwLXBvcHVsYXItYWx0Y29pbnMtLWhvdy10by1idXktdGhlbS00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDI3MTE%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# 10 Popular Altcoins & How To Buy Them

2022-04-08

**Key Takeaways:**

  * Altcoins encompass cryptocurrencies that are not Bitcoin.

  * Altcoins are considered an important part of diversifying your crypto portfolio.

  * You can buy altcoins on Binance in two simple steps while enjoying low fees. 

_Want to explore crypto that isn’t Bitcoin? Discover the top 10 hottest
altcoins and how you can buy them on Binance._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220408/7e0ee132-18d2-4646-9127-5e4c2aba876e.jpeg)

Whether it’s the rise of [Dogecoin’s
price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/dogecoin) or [Etheremum’s latest
update](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-ethereum-2-0-and-why-
does-it-matter), the [top altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/most-
visited) per market capitalization have been gaining more traction within the
crypto space.

Keep reading to see how you can use altcoins to diversify your investment
portfolio.

## What are Altcoins

Basically, altcoins are cryptocurrencies that are not Bitcoin.

There are a large amount of altcoins available, and they all have different
utilities. For example, [metaverse
tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/metaverse-tokens-what-why-and-
how-to-buy-them-421499824684903124) are used to facilitate payments in the
metaverse and fiat-backed
[stablecoins](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/what-is-a-stablecoin-heres-
where-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903322) can be used to cope with market
volatility.

If you’re interested in participating in a DAO’s growth, you can purchase its
native[ DAO token](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/dao-crypto-tokens-
what-why-and-how-to-buy-421499824684903289) to help shape its future. Want to
get involved in the exciting shift to Web 3.0? Learning about [NFT
coins](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-
buy-them-421499824684903486) and [Web 3.0
tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/web-30-coin-the-newest-crypto-
trend-in-2022-421499824684903194) is a great starting point.

## Bitcoin vs Altcoins: What Are The Differences?

Although Bitcoin shares some similarities with a variety of altcoins, there
are often some fundamental differences you should be aware of.

### 1\. Consensus Mechanism

Bitcoin uses a peer-to-peer consensus mechanism to power a network to
collectively verify transactions, adding them to the block. However, this can
be energy-intensive and limiting.

On the other hand, some altcoins use a different [consensus
mechanism](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-blockchain-
consensus-algorithm) to produce blocks or validate transactions. Making the
process less energy exhaustive, reducing the time and resources needed to
validate transactions.

Some altcoins have also improved overall functionality and scalability by
using new mechanisms to reduce the cost and complexity of mining.

### 2\. Utility

Many altcoins are not just cryptocurrencies. For example,
[Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum) is one of the first to
implement the idea of smart contracts, a code that can execute agreements
between two parties using blockchain technology.

Another example is [MANA](https://www.binance.com/en/price/decentraland) from
the [Decentraland](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-
decentraland) project. Users can use [MANA](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/MANA) to buy plots of digital real estate called
LAND, and can even monetize their digital property by renting them to other
users.

Functions like these give users the opportunity to develop new use cases and
applications for crypto technology.

### 3\. Innovation

Altcoins offer solutions to the limitations of
[Bitcoin](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-bitcoin).
[Ethereum](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-ethereum), for
example, allows for multiple functionalities in the blockchain infrastructure,
such as automation and broader interaction within the network. In addition,
[Solana](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-solana-sol) was
created to provide a more scalable and secure software at a lower cost
compared to Bitcoin and Ethereum.

## What is An Altcoin Season And When Does It Happen?

An altcoin season is a period of time when other tokens and coins are
outperforming Bitcoin.

An altcoin season cannot be determined by looking at the price of altcoins or
Bitcoin in isolation. There are indicators that traders and investors can use
to spot an upcoming altcoin season:

### New trends

An emerging trend that creates demand for new altcoins could potentially
overpower Bitcoin's dominance.

### Large market cap altcoins start to increase in price

A price surge in popular altcoins like Ethereum
([ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/ETH)) and BNB
([BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BNB)) could
indicate that those profits may also flow to other altcoins.

## Bitcoin Continues to Thrive, Carrying Altcoins Along

Bitcoin trades at $44,856 at the time of writing. With a current market
capitalization of more than $822.01 billion,
[Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
([BTC](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BTC)) could
theoretically take a prominent position on the New York Stock Exchange,
between Facebook with a market capitalization of $642.84 billion and Tesla
with a market capitalization of $1.080 trillion.

On top of signifying more awareness, adoption and trust in crypto, the growth
of Bitcoin has also also helped to shine a light on altcoins. This could
potentially suggest that the growth of Bitcoin has the potential to positively
impact other tokens and coins.

## Top 10 Altcoins on Binance by Market Capitalization

[Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/markets) can provide great diversity to
your investment portfolio. Here are 10 with the highest market cap.

  1. BNB ([BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BNB)) at a price of $441.60 and at a market cap of $72,932.07M*

  2. Ethereum ([ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/ETH)) at a price of $3,354.12 and at a market cap of $403,566.77M*

  3. Cardano ([ADA](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/ADA)) at a price of $1.15 and at a market cap of $38,815.44M*

  4. Dogecoin ([DOGE](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/DOGE)) at a price of $0.16 and at a market cap of $21,466.12M*

  5. Solana ([SOL](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/SOL)) at a price of $125.43 and at a market cap of $40,849.58M*

  6. Polkadot ([DOT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/DOT)) at a price of $21.52 and at a market cap of $21,252.70M*

  7. Uniswap ([UNI](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/UNI)) at a price of $10.96 and at a market cap of $7,557.59M*

  8. ChainLink ([LINK](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/LINK)) at a price of $16.58 and at a market cap of $7,747.68M*

  9. Decentraland ([MANA](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/MANA_USDT)) at a price of $2.49 and at a market cap of $4,583.58M*

  10. Aave ([AAVE](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/AAVE_USDT)) at a price of $215.70 and at a market cap of $2,949.95M*

* As of April 6th, 2022.

* This list does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by Binance to buy or sell any currency.

## How to Buy Altcoins on Binance

If you’re interested in buying one of the cryptocurrencies listed above,
Binance offers a range of payment options for smooth and easy transactions. On
Binance, you can buy altcoins and other crypto in two simple steps while
enjoying lower fees:

**Step 1:****** Make a[ fiat
deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD) via an[ e-wallet
transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/other-
channel/buy/USD/BUSD/) or bank transfer on Binance. Make sure to check the
available[ fiat channels](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/EUR) for
desired currencies. For more information, see our in-depth guide on “[How to
Deposit USD via
SWIFT](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/f84427e36de641f59ed16e78fcc85679)”.

**Optional:** Convert the fiat currencies to[
BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BUSD) or[
USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/USDT) so that
you can trade a greater variety of tokens.

**Step 2:** Purchase your preferred altcoins through a user[
wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/main) purchase or
directly with[ credit/debit card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220408/1cf2a717-de34-4437-939e-8d09a6738532.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

## Conclusion

The rise of altcoins and their respective blockchain networks is a good sign
for the crypto space. As more projects and users enter the world of crypto,
altcoins will continue to grow in terms of use cases and liquidity.

And as always, remember to [DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-
your-own-research) before purchasing and committing to any altcoins.

Ready to buy cryptocurrencies?

Sign up for a [Binance account
](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the [Binance
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Once your account is
[verified](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile), you can buy
cryptocurrencies on Binance using fiat in three ways: from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels or e-wallets options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220408/456f1d84-329f-4ab1-bf34-e1b9486d51cd.png)

_**Disclaimer:**__Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk.
Binance is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and
statements made in this article should not be considered financial advice and
are shown to illustrate an example, and is not_ _intended to serve as
investment advice or recommendation.  _

**Read the following articles for more information:  **

  * (Support)[ How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684903486)

  * (Blog) [Metaverse Tokens: What, Why and How To Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/metaverse-tokens-what-why-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903124)

  * (Blog) [Web 3.0 Coin: The Newest Crypto Trend in 2022](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/web-30-coin-the-newest-crypto-trend-in-2022-421499824684903194)

  * (Blog) [DAO Crypto Tokens: What, Why And How To Buy](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/dao-crypto-tokens-what-why-and-how-to-buy-421499824684903289)

  * (Academy) [9 Altcoins To Diversify Your Portfolio](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/altcoins-to-diversify-your-portfolio)

195,060,065 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

10 Popular Altcoins & How To Buy Them

What are Altcoins

Bitcoin vs Altcoins: What Are The Differences?

What is An Altcoin Season And When Does It Happen?

Bitcoin Continues to Thrive, Carrying Altcoins Along

Top 10 Altcoins on Binance by Market Capitalization

How to Buy Altcoins on Binance

Conclusion

195,060,065 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

