Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

# Cookie policy

### **About this cookie policy**

This Cookie Policy explains what cookies are and how we use them. You should
read this policy to understand what cookies are, how we use them, the types of
cookies we use i.e, the information we collect using cookies and how that
information is used and how to control the cookie preferences. For further
information on how we use, store and keep your personal data secure, see our
[Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/).

You can at any time change or withdraw your consent from the Cookie
Declaration on our website.  
Learn more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process
personal data in our Privacy Policy.  
Your consent applies to the following domains: metaco.com.

#### **What are cookies ?**

Cookies are small text files that are used to store small pieces of
information. The cookies are stored on your device when the website is loaded
on your browser. These cookies help us make the website function properly,
make the website more secure, provide better user experience, and understand
how the website performs and to analyze what works and where it needs
improvement.

#### **How do we use cookies ?**

As most of the online services, our website uses cookies first-party and
third-party cookies for a number of purposes. The first-party cookies are
mostly necessary for the website to function the right way, and they do not
collect any of your personally identifiable data.

The third-party cookies used on our websites are used mainly for understanding
how the website performs, how you interact with our website, keeping our
services secure, providing advertisements that are relevant to you, and all in
all providing you with a better and improved user experience and help speed up
your future interactions with our website.

We use cookies on the website for the following purposes:

  * To collect statistical data, to analyze the use of the website by our users, e.g. which pages are visited, how long the pages were visited and how long the visitors of our website move from page to page.
  * For authentication (i.e. to keep you logged in between sessions). The information collected by using local storage is stored in your browser and is preserved even after you close your browser.

For the purposes stated we use Google Analytics, Google Tag Manager as well as
Google Ads. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google
Inc. (“Google”) that uses cookies to analyze the use of the website. Google
Ads helps increase traffic to the company’s webpage. Metaco uses Social Media
Tracking Pixels (e.g. LinkedIn Insight Tag) as well as marketing automation
tools (e.g. Pardot, Salesforce). To opt out of being tracked by Google
Analytics when using the Website: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ .

The information generated by the cookies about your use of the website (such
as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and the time of your visit) is
transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States or another
country in which Google maintains facilities. Your IP address is masked by
setting the last octet of your IP address to zero before it is saved by
Google. Google will use this data to monitor your usage of our website and to
generate reports on website activity for us.

#### What types of cookies do we use ?

Essential: Some cookies are essential for you to be able to experience the
full functionality of our site. They allow us to maintain user sessions and
prevent any security threats. They do not collect or store any personal
information.

Statistics: These cookies store information like the number of visitors to the
website, the number of unique visitors, which pages of the website have been
visited, the source of the visit etc. These data help us understand and
analyze how well the website performs and where it needs improvement.

Marketing: Our website displays advertisements. These cookies are used to
personalize the advertisements that we show to you so that they are meaningful
to you. These cookies also help us keep track of the efficiency of these ad
campaigns.  
The information stored in these cookies may also be used by the third-party ad
providers to show you ads on other websites on the browser as well.

Functional: These are the cookies that help certain non-essential
functionalities on our website. These functionalities include embedding
content like videos or sharing contents on the website on social media
platforms.

Preferences: These cookies help us store your settings and browsing
preferences like language preferences so that you have a better and efficient
experience on future visits to the website.

#### How can I control the cookie preferences ?

Should you decide to change your preferences later through your browsing
session, you can ask us to re-set your preferences or withdraw your consent
entirely, at info@metaco.com

In addition to this, different browsers provide different methods to block and
delete cookies used by websites. You can change the settings of your browser
to block/delete the cookies. To find out more out more on how to manage and
delete cookies, visit wikipedia.org, www.allaboutcookies.org.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

