[![Binance Square](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/feed-logo-en-
dark-3.svg)](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

[Home ](/en/square)[Notification ](/en/square/notifications)[Profile
](/en/square/profile/undefined)[Trending Articles ](/en/square/trending)[News
](/en/square/news/all)[Creator Center ](/en/square/creator-
center/home)[Settings ](/en/square/settings)

May 28 Tue

Only display important news

[All](/en/square/news/all)[Binance](/en/square/news/binance)[Market](/en/square/news/market)[Bitcoin](/en/square/news/bitcoin)[BNB](/en/square/news/bnb)[Ethereum](/en/square/news/ethereum)[Meme](/en/square/news/meme)[Whale](/en/square/news/whale)[DeFi](/en/square/news/defi)[GameFi](/en/square/news/gamefi)[Web3](/en/square/news/web3)[Solana](/en/square/news/solana)[Regulation](/en/square/news/regulation)[Editor's
Pick](/en/square/news/editor's%20pick)[NFT](/en/square/news/nft)

20h

### [Uniswap Foundation Reveals Financials Ahead of Community VoteAccording to
CoinDesk, the Uniswap Foundation, the nonprofit organization behind Uniswap,
recently disclosed its financial status just days before the community is set
to vote on enabling and distributing fees autonomously. The Foundation's
balance sheet revealed that it held $41.41 million in fiat and stablecoins, as
well as 730,000 UNI tokens, at the end of the first quarter. The fiat and
stablecoins are allocated for grant commitments and operational activities,
while the UNI tokens are set aside for employee awards. In addition, the
Foundation has committed $4.34 million in new grants, disbursed $2.79 million
previously, and designated UNI tokens for employee awards. Later this week,
UNI token holders will vote on a new fee mechanism that could potentially
shift some rewards from the decentralized exchange's liquidity providers to
its token holders. If approved, which is likely based on previous snapshot
polls, the proposal will transfer control of the mainnet UniswapV3Factory to a
new V3FactoryOwner contract. The activation of the new fee distribution plan
will be decided in a second vote, which has not yet been scheduled. Meanwhile,
the Uniswap Foundation is preparing to face potential enforcement action from
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC recently issued a
Wells notice to the Foundation, indicating its intention to recommend
enforcement action against it in the future. The notice targets Uniswap's UNI
and LP tokens, arguing that they are investment contracts and alleging that
they violate securities laws. Uniswap Labs disputes these claims, asserting
that the SEC lacks jurisdiction and that LP tokens are merely bookkeeping
devices. Uniswap also contends that it does not meet the SEC's own definition
of an exchange.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-uniswap-foundation-reveals-
financials-ahead-of-community-vote-8673602313969)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8673602313969)

0

0

21h

### [Solana (SOL) Breaks Through170.00 USDT with an Increase of 5.57% in 24
HoursOn May 27, 2024, 16:55 PM (UTC). According to Binance Market Data, Solana
(SOL) has crossed the 170.00 USDT benchmark and is now trading at $171.65
USDT, with an increase of 5.57% in 24
hours.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-solana-sol-breaks-through170-00-usdt-with-
an-increase-of-5-57-in-24-hours-8672227414369)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8672227414369)

6

13

21h

### [Progress Made in Ongoing Dispute Between Evolve and SynapseAccording to
Odaily, on May 24, 2024, a significant hearing was held in a U.S. federal
court regarding the ongoing dispute between Evolve and Synapse. Although the
dispute remains unresolved, substantial progress was made during the hearing.
Jelena McWilliams, former chairperson of the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC), has been appointed as the Chapter 11 trustee for Synapse.
The court has instructed Trustee McWilliams to prioritize ensuring that end-
users can access their funds. Additionally, the court has requested that the
U.S. trustee provide regular weekly updates on progress. Crypto application
Juno is committed to cooperating with Trustee McWilliams, providing all
necessary support, resources, and information to facilitate the rapid access
of funds by its end-users. The company will promptly notify users of any
significant developments. Previously, Synapse, a Banking as a Service (BaaS)
fintech company, had raised over $50 million in funding since its inception,
including a $33 million Series B round led by Angela Strange of a16z in 2019.
The company fell into trouble in 2023 due to layoffs and filed for bankruptcy
protection in April of this year, seeking to sell its assets to another
fintech company, TabaPay, for $9.7 million, but was rejected. The company is
now almost forced to liquidate completely under Chapter 7. According to
documents submitted by Synapse, as many as 100 fintech companies and 10
million end customers, including Juno, could be affected by the company's
collapse.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-progress-made-in-ongoing-dispute-
between-evolve-and-synapse-8672065580897)

4

0

22h

### [Decentralized Oracle Service Pyth Network Deploys Pyth Entropy and Feed
Services to Sei V2According to Odaily, Pyth Network, a decentralized oracle
service, has announced that its Pyth Entropy and feed services have been
deployed to Sei V2. The announcement was made on platform X, where the company
shared the news of the successful deployment. The deployment of these services
to Sei V2 marks a significant step for Pyth Network, as it continues to expand
its services and reach within the decentralized oracle service sector. The
Pyth Entropy and feed services are integral parts of the Pyth Network's
offerings, and their deployment to Sei V2 will likely enhance the network's
functionality and efficiency. Further details about the deployment or the
potential impact on the Pyth Network's operations were not provided in the
announcement. However, the move is seen as a positive development for the
company as it continues to innovate and grow in the rapidly evolving
decentralized oracle service
industry.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-decentralized-oracle-service-pyth-
network-deploys-pyth-entropy-and-feed-services-to-sei-v2-8671453841705)

3

3

22h

### [Ether Aims to Break New All-Time Highs, With Possible Spike Above
$4KAccording to Cointelegraph: The price of Ether (ETH) might be on its way to
crash through its all-time highs, assuming it can hold steady over the
significant $4,000 mark by the week's end. An important technical formation in
the ETH price chart indicates a potential breakout towards new all-time highs.
Ether breakout from falling wedge formation. Source: Yelle Over the past week,
ETH has seen over a 27% rise, transforming major resistance areas into
supports. It has broken out of its falling wedge chart formation,
traditionally a sign of a possible reversal from the previous downward trend.
BTC & ETH dominance. Source: TradingView This could be hinting towards a surge
to all-time highs, as per pseudonymous crypto trader, Jelle, who commented in
a May 27 X post that after breaking from the falling wedge and turning key
areas into support, Ether (ETH) is pushing for the $4,000 mark. He projects
new highs and all-time highs are to follow. Amid the recent shift in focus
from Bitcoin to Ether (ETH), Bitcoin's dominance has dropped over 0.98% in the
past five days, simultaneously increasing Ether's dominance by 4.4%. ETH
Exchange Liquidation Map. Source: Coinglass Positive developments around the
first spot Ether exchange-traded funds (ETFs) have largely fuelled Ether's
price rally. In response to news that the U.S. SEC had reversed its stance on
spot Ether ETFs, Ether's price leaped nearly 20% within a day. Given the
positive sentiment, Arthur Cheong, the founder and CEO of DeFiance Capital,
conjectures that Ether's price could hit the $4,500 mark before the first spot
Ether ETFs begin trading. ETH/USD/ 1-week chart. Source: Rekt Capital However,
the $4,000 mark could serve as a formidable resistance point for Ether's
price. A successful move above $4,000 might liquidate over $433 million worth
of cumulative leveraged short positions across all exchanges. To confirm
sustained bullish momentum, ETH needs a weekly close above the $3,956 mark,
says popular crypto analyst Rekt Capital.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-ether-
aims-to-break-new-all-time-highs-with-possible-spike-above-4k-8672380238858)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8672380238858)

0

1

22h

### [Diamond Hand Trader Sells SHIB After 4.5 Years, Profits Soar 419
TimesAccording to Odaily, a diamond hand trader has sold their SHIB holdings
after a 4.5-year period, reaping a profit that has multiplied 419 times. The
trader initially purchased 480.9 billion PEPE with 2 ETH, equivalent to
approximately 2625 USD, on February 1, 2021. The recent sale of these holdings
has yielded a return of 278.7 ETH. The term 'diamond hand' is used in the
cryptocurrency market to describe traders who hold onto their investments for
long periods, regardless of market volatility. This particular trader's
patience has paid off significantly, with their initial investment in PEPE
ballooning to a substantial return in ETH. This case serves as an example of
the potential high returns in the cryptocurrency market, particularly for
those willing to hold onto their investments over extended periods. However,
it's important to note that such outcomes are not guaranteed and investing in
cryptocurrencies carries a high level of risk due to market
volatility.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-diamond-hand-trader-sells-shib-
after-4-5-years-profits-soar-419-times-8669932124513)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669932124513)[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669932124513)

9

6

23h

### [DWF Labs Deposits 5 Million Tokens Into Gate, Floki Sees 27.3% Increase
In 24 HoursAccording to Odaily, DWF Labs has deposited 5 million tokens into
Gate, valued at $725,000. Currently, DWF still holds 14.67 million tokens,
with a total value of $227. In other cryptocurrency news, Floki has seen a
24-hour increase of 27.3%. The sister coin, Token, also experienced a 13%
increase today. DWF Labs' significant deposit into Gate highlights the ongoing
activity and transactions within the cryptocurrency market. The value of the
tokens deposited by DWF Labs underscores the potential for significant returns
in the digital currency sector. In addition, the substantial increase in the
value of Floki and Token indicates a positive trend in the cryptocurrency
market. These increases suggest that investors are showing continued interest
and confidence in these digital currencies. This trend could potentially lead
to further growth and expansion in the cryptocurrency
market.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-dwf-labs-deposits-5-million-tokens-into-
gate-floki-sees-27-3-increase-in-24-hours-8669423827754)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669423827754)

4

4

23h

### [Sei Launches First Parallel EVM Blockchain, Opens to Builders and Early
AdoptersAccording to Odaily, Sei has announced the launch of the first
parallel Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) blockchain. The platform is now open
to builders and early adopters, marking the commencement of Phase 2, also
known as the Alpha Launch. Validators have upgraded their software to bring
Sei V2 into the main network. Existing applications and tokens will continue
to operate as before, indicating that developers have entered a new design
space. The Sei community has jointly pioneered the first parallel EVM. The
current phase of the launch aims to achieve the following objectives:
minimizing risk, setting expectations, and optimizing performance. Previously,
it was reported that Sei would roll out the V2 upgrade in three stages, aiming
to implement a new high-performance parallel EVM. The three stages are
governance, Alpha release, and V2 readiness stage. This move signifies a
significant step in the blockchain technology space, offering a new realm of
possibilities for developers and early
adopters.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-sei-launches-first-parallel-evm-
blockchain-opens-to-builders-and-early-adopters-8669396056362)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669396056362)

11

4

23h

### [Sei V2 Upgrade Introduces Dual Address Support, Enhances Network
FunctionalityAccording to Foresight News, the Sei v2 upgrade has been made
available to developers and early adopters, with validators upgrading their
software to introduce Sei v2 to the mainnet. Existing applications and tokens
will continue to operate as before, and while the deployment of applications
will take some time, the phased rollout aims to minimize risk, set
expectations, and optimize performance. The Sei V2 upgrade introduces support
for dual addresses, supporting both 0x addresses and native Sei blockchain
addresses. In another update from Foresight News, the Sei mainnet upgrade to
v2 is scheduled for May 27. The proposed upgrade will introduce a high-
performance, parallelized EVM to enhance network
functionality.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-sei-v2-upgrade-introduces-dual-
address-support-enhances-network-functionality-8669357074617)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669357074617)

5

2

23h

### [Bitcoin (BTC) Surpasses 70,000 USDT with 1.20% Increase in 24 HoursOn May
27, 2024, 15:22 PM (UTC). According to Binance Market Data, Bitcoin (BTC) has
crossed the 70,000 USDT benchmark and is now trading at 70,039.03125 USDT,
with  1.20% increase in 24 hours.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-bitcoin-btc-
surpasses-70-000-usdt-with-1-20-increase-in-24-hours-8669248841457)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669248841457)

5

4

23h

### [BNB Surpasses 610 USDT with 1.24% Increase in 24 HoursOn May 27, 2024,
15:18 PM(UTC). According to Binance Market Data, BNB has crossed the 610 USDT
benchmark and is now trading at 610.400024 USDT, with 1.24% increase in 24
hours.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-bnb-surpasses-610-usdt-with-1-24-increase-
in-24-hours-8669126471409)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8669126471409)

3

4

23h

### [Reya Labs Announces Launch of Rank Reveal Event on X PlatformAccording to
Odaily, Reya Labs has announced the launch of its Rank Reveal Event (RRE) on
the X platform. The RRE is designed to set the initial rankings for the
current season, known as Season OG, which began today. User rankings will
change weekly based on their performance. Following the RRE, Weekly Ranking
Events will commence, taking place every Monday at noon UTC. Each week, a
user's rank may increase, decrease, or remain the same, depending on their
experience accumulation relative to other users of the same rank. For
instance, if a user is at Rank 3 and is in the top 10% at the end of the week,
they will be promoted to Rank 2. Conversely, if they are in the bottom 10%,
they will be demoted to Rank 4. This system ensures that users compete with
others at the same level, rather than competing with top-tier
users.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-reya-labs-announces-launch-of-rank-reveal-
event-on-x-platform-8669031764154)

6

6

23h

### [Jupiter's JupSOL Coin Now Eligible For 50% Priority Fees Generated By
ValidatorsAccording to Odaily, Jupiter has officially announced that holders
of its JupSOL coin can now earn 50% of the priority fees generated by
validators. In addition to this, Jupiter has also disclosed that it
distributed an additional 400 SOL to JupSOL over the past weekend. The SOL
income generated from future priority fees will be automatically added in each
period. This move by Jupiter is seen as a significant step in enhancing the
benefits for JupSOL holders. The additional distribution of 400 SOL further
demonstrates Jupiter's commitment to rewarding its coin holders. The automatic
addition of SOL income from priority fees in each period will ensure a steady
income stream for JupSOL holders. This development is expected to attract more
investors to JupSOL, given the potential for earning from priority fees. It
also underscores Jupiter's strategy of leveraging validators to generate
income for its coin holders. The company's decision to distribute additional
SOL to JupSOL also indicates its confidence in the coin's future
performance.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-jupiter-s-jupsol-coin-now-eligible-
for-50-priority-fees-generated-by-validators-8668792074817)

4

5

23h

### [Floki Developers Launch Trading Bot on BNB Chain NetworkAccording to
Odaily, developers of Floki have launched a Telegram-based trading bot on the
BNB Chain network. The bot is designed to increase demand for Floki tokens and
add buying pressure by charging a 1% transaction fee. Half of this fee will be
used to purchase Floki on the open market. The bot will initially be available
to a limited number of users during a beta testing period to identify and
resolve any technical issues. It is expected to be made available to the
public by mid-June. In the future, the bot will be expanded to the Ethereum
and Base blockchains.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-floki-developers-launch-
trading-bot-on-bnb-chain-network-8668733791473)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8668733791473)

11

8

23h

### [JOJO Exchange Tops Base Chain Trading Volume, Reports DefiLlamaAccording
to Foresight News, JOJO Exchange, a perpetual contract exchange developed by
Radar Bear, co-founder of DODO, has become the top-ranked perpetual contract
exchange on the Base chain in terms of trading volume. The exchange has
recorded a trading volume of $110 million in the past 24 hours, as per data
from DefiLlama.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-jojo-exchange-tops-base-chain-
trading-volume-reports-defillama-8668451350769)

7

3

23h

### [TRB Breaks Through 120 USDT Mark, Reports 11.39% Increase in 24
HoursAccording to Odaily, the cryptocurrency TRB has made significant strides,
breaking through the 120 USDT mark. However, it is currently reported at
119.89 USDT. In the last 24 hours, TRB has seen an increase of 11.39%. This
marks a significant milestone for the cryptocurrency, demonstrating its
potential for growth and stability in the market. The rise in value is a
positive sign for investors and traders alike, indicating a robust performance
by TRB. It's important to note that while the cryptocurrency market is known
for its volatility, such increases are a promising sign of the currency's
potential. However, investors are advised to continue monitoring the market
trends closely.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-trb-breaks-through-120-usdt-mark-
reports-11-39-increase-in-24-hours-8668428049761)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8668428049761)

7

2

23h

### [Inferno Drainer Returns Stolen Ethereum in Unusual Turn of
EventsAccording to Odaily, in a surprising turn of events, the notorious
phishing group Inferno Drainer has returned nearly $7 million worth of
Ethereum that they had previously stolen from a user through offline
authorization signature phishing. The founder of SlowMist, Yu Cos, revealed
this information on platform X. This incident is considered rare as the group,
known for its phishing activities, usually keeps the stolen assets. However,
in this case, the operating group, which usually takes an 80% share of the
phishing profits, decided to return the stolen Ethereum. It is speculated that
the group might have gained some leverage, leading them to choose a refund and
bounty model. The exact reasons behind this unusual decision remain unclear.
The incident has sparked discussions among the crypto community, with many
speculating on the possible reasons behind this unexpected move by the Inferno
Drainer group.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-inferno-drainer-returns-stolen-
ethereum-in-unusual-turn-of-events-8668411516425)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8668411516425)

3

1

23h

### [Ethena Labs Releases May Custody Proof to Enhance Project
TransparencyAccording to BlockBeats, Ethena Labs has officially released its
May custody proof on May 27th, in an effort to increase the transparency of
its project. The data reveals that as of 10 am UTC on May 24th, the supply of
USDe was $2.673 billion. The custodian-supported assets amounted to $2.677
billion, and the reserve fund was $42.3 million. The total assets of the
protocol accounted for 101.74% of the USDe supply. Ethena Labs' move to
release the custody proof is seen as a step towards enhancing the transparency
of its operations. This is particularly important in the world of digital
assets, where transparency can often be lacking. By providing clear and
accurate data on its assets, Ethena Labs is demonstrating its commitment to
openness and accountability. The data provided by Ethena Labs gives a clear
picture of the company's financial situation. With the supply of USDe at
$2.673 billion and custodian-supported assets at $2.677 billion, it is evident
that the company has a solid financial base. The reserve fund of $42.3 million
further strengthens this position. The fact that the total assets of the
protocol account for 101.74% of the USDe supply indicates a healthy financial
status for the company.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-ethena-labs-releases-may-
custody-proof-to-enhance-project-transparency-8668390599977)

3

1

23h

### [US House of Representatives Passes Bipartisan Cryptocurrency Bill
FIT21According to Odaily, the US House of Representatives has recently passed
the bipartisan cryptocurrency bill, Financial Innovation and Technology Act of
the 21st Century (FIT21). However, it is important to note that the bill has
not yet become law. Policy observers have stated that the likelihood of the
bill being passed in the US Senate is quite low. The White House, US SEC
Chairman Gary Gensler, and several congressmen have also issued stern
statements about the bill. Despite years of regulatory and corporate
struggles, the crypto community views this as a victory, especially the
builders behind decentralized platforms, which are often overlooked by
existing legal frameworks. Under FIT21, fully decentralized digital assets
will be eligible to become commodities. One of the criteria is that the issuer
or so-called affiliated person cannot hold more than 20% of the tokens and
project voting rights. Centralized tokens that do not meet this condition will
be deemed securities. Therefore, they will fall under the jurisdiction of the
SEC, while decentralized tokens will be regulated by the CFTC. Rashan Colbert,
Policy Director of decentralized trading platform dYdX Trading, stated that
the regulation is 'almost' clear for the crypto industry. He said, 'Industry
participants may find it difficult to meet different decentralization
thresholds, and this kind of back-and-forth movement between two regulatory
agencies may be very troublesome in practice.' Colbert also mentioned that it
is unusual for the CFTC to regulate the commodity spot market. Nevertheless,
this is a big step, especially for DeFi projects. He added, 'This bill makes
us more confident because we know we have clear rights to continue doing what
we are currently doing, which is exactly what the industry really wants
now.'](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-us-house-of-representatives-passes-
bipartisan-cryptocurrency-bill-fit21-8668194170777)

6

3

May 27

### [Origin Protocol Announces Distribution Of Origin Ether's Arbitrum LTIPP
GrantsAccording to Odaily, Origin Protocol has officially announced the
commencement of the distribution of Origin Ether's Arbitrum LTIPP grants. This
move is aimed at fostering growth within the Arbitrum ecosystem. A total of
185,000 ARB points will be distributed to wOETH users on Arbitrum over the
course of 12 weeks. Origin Protocol's decision to distribute these grants is
part of a broader strategy to stimulate activity and growth within the
Arbitrum ecosystem. By providing these grants, the company hopes to
incentivize participation and engagement from wOETH users on the Arbitrum
platform. The distribution process will span across 12 weeks, during which a
total of 185,000 ARB points will be allocated to eligible wOETH users. This
initiative is expected to significantly contribute to the overall growth and
development of the Arbitrum ecosystem.](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-origin-
protocol-announces-distribution-of-origin-ether-s-arbitrum-ltipp-
grants-8667792118794)

[](/en/trade/undefined_undefined?contentId=8667792118794)

4

1

Explore the lastest crypto news

⚡️ Be a part of the latests discussions in crypto

💬 Interact with your favorite creators

👍 Enjoy content that interests you

Email / Phone number

Sign Up

Login

## Trending Topics

[ETHETFsApproved9.1M views4,942 PostsETH Tokens Classified As 'Commodities',
States CF Benchmarks CEOBinance News39 Likes30.4k
views](/en/square/hashtag/ETHETFsApproved)[FIT215.3M views2,395
Posts](/en/square/hashtag/FIT21)[EarnFreeCrypto20247.6M views4,983
Posts](/en/square/hashtag/EarnFreeCrypto2024)[View More](/en/square/trends)

## Latest News

[Uniswap Foundation Reveals Financials Ahead of Community
Vote](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-uniswap-foundation-reveals-financials-ahead-
of-community-vote-8673602313969)

20h

[Solana (SOL) Breaks Through170.00 USDT with an Increase of 5.57% in 24
Hours](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-solana-sol-breaks-through170-00-usdt-with-
an-increase-of-5-57-in-24-hours-8672227414369)

21h

[Progress Made in Ongoing Dispute Between Evolve and
Synapse](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-progress-made-in-ongoing-dispute-between-
evolve-and-synapse-8672065580897)

21h

[Decentralized Oracle Service Pyth Network Deploys Pyth Entropy and Feed
Services to Sei V2](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-decentralized-oracle-service-
pyth-network-deploys-pyth-entropy-and-feed-services-to-sei-v2-8671453841705)

22h

[Ether Aims to Break New All-Time Highs, With Possible Spike Above
$4K](/en/square/post/2024-05-27-ether-aims-to-break-new-all-time-highs-with-
possible-spike-above-4k-8672380238858)

22h

[View More](/en/square/news/all)

## Trending Articles

[How Will This Week’s US Economic Data Impact Crypto Markets?
](/en/square/post/8651460606474)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202210/282ac319140b9608d424f76adf9f5551.jpg)CryptoPotato![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-
admin-
api/images/u96pr58M4Ns6wHbbnbwoVf.png)](/en/square/profile/cryptopotato_official)

[TOP 6 BULLISH CANDLESTICK PETTERNS EVERY TRADER SHOULD
KNOW](/en/square/post/8589691821922)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202405/dc3e76ffa43b2061c26c0dc09a36c902.png)Chumba
Money![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/okTkVbBvh731mRjW1WqnZw.png)](/en/square/profile/chumba_24)

[Understanding candles - How To Grow Your Trading Accuracy - Practical
Tutorial](/en/square/post/8538915197169)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202303/cc68081d480ef4b39a9c996fcb8dcca3.jpg)Crypto
Insiders![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/okTkVbBvh731mRjW1WqnZw.png)](/en/square/profile/insiders)

[Top Analyst Predicts Ethereum (ETH) Price to Skyrocket 92% in 16 Days, Here’s
Why](/en/square/post/8525508228850)

[![avatar](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/a8HrxzZEB81R4f3CJBA57R.png)Coinpedia](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

[Will Crypto Markets March Higher When $1.4B Bitcoin Options
Expire?](/en/square/post/8519672491529)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202210/282ac319140b9608d424f76adf9f5551.jpg)CryptoPotato![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-
admin-
api/images/u96pr58M4Ns6wHbbnbwoVf.png)](/en/square/profile/cryptopotato_official)

[View More](/en/square/trending)

[Sitemap](/en/square/sitemap/post/1)

Cookie Preferences

[Platform T&Cs](/en/square/terms)

[Sitemap](/en/square/sitemap/post/1)

[Platform T&Cs](/en/square/terms)

ba-one-trust-cookie

