[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/como-comprar-bitcoin-o-guia-de-bolso-para-sua-proxima-oportunidade-de-investimento)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
__[Misc.](https://www.ledger.com/category/non-classe "Misc.")

[Misc.](https://www.ledger.com/category/non-classe "Misc.") | 12/17/2020 

# How to buy bitcoin – the pocket guide to your next investment opportunity

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
__[Misc.](https://www.ledger.com/category/non-classe "Misc.")

The world is getting smaller and smaller, and it’s not because the continents
are drifting towards each other. Just imagine a world without intermediaries,
a world where money, securities, sensitive information and any kind of asset
can be exchanged in between parties without the middleman, in a secure manner,
in a matter of seconds. Guess what? It’s already happening! If you’re still
wondering about what we’re talking about, you guessed – it’s bitcoin; and
we’re going to help you learn how to buy Bitcoin as easy as 1-2-3.

## The journey from 0 to Bitcoin owner

You might still be wondering what makes bitcoin such a valuable asset although
it’s intangible? [Dramatic pause] It’s all about utility – a cryptocurrency
(like Bitcoin) and the blockchain behind it (the platform it runs on) performs
a certain task that helps users exchange a form of value, without the
middleman. Bitcoin, for example, helps people send money to each other.

Basically, you can buy Bitcoin for one of those reasons – you either want to
invest in it or you want to trade money. And now comes the question you’ve
been thinking about – how do you buy Bitcoin in the first place?

Enough chit-chatter! Let’s dip our toes into the pond!

### 1 – Register on an exchange

Before you can consider buying bitcoin you need to go to a “Bitcoin
marketplace”. The most popular “marketplaces” are crypto exchanges. You can
head to exchanges like [Coinbase](https://www.coinbase.com/),
[Binance](https://www.binance.com/en) or [Coinify](https://www.coinify.com/)
and create your account with your email address or whichever login options
they feature.

Although the most popular option, crypto exchanges are not the only bitcoin
marketplaces. Remember, there are a lot of cryptocurrency exchanges out there,
each with their own different features and fee rates. Make sure to do your
research before choosing one exchange over another.

### 2 – Validate your ID

After registering on your chosen exchange platform you will be prompted to
present a form of identification – a national ID card, a passport or a
driver’s license. Some exchanges will ask you for more or less verification
documents, such as a bank statement.

Not that much of a hassle. All you need to do know is wait for the exchange to
validate your ID submission and you’re good to buy.

### 3 – Payment Methods

You guessed it! You also need to input some form of payment methods in order
to buy bitcoin. You can [buy bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin) with
your [credit card](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/credit-card), a [PayPal
account](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/paypal) or wire transfers.  Most
of these payments are accepted by exchange platforms, along with other
options, depending on the exchange.

### 4 – Choosing your wallet

The most important thing you need to consider is where you will store your
bitcoin. Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrencies are stored in wallets. It’s
not the leather one in your pockets, but a digital or hardware counterpart
that will hold your bitcoin assets.

A wallet is easy to come by – you either use the one the exchange gives you,
download a digital one, like [Metamask](https://metamask.io/), or you can buy
a hardware [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) which
offers enhanced security and ownership, like the [Ledger Nano
X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x).

When choosing a wallet you need to be aware that exchange wallets are
vulnerable to hacks, as you don’t own the wallet per se, rather the exchange
does. In contrast to them, digital wallets give you ownership over the wallet,
yet still lack in security. The tightest security comes with using a hardware
wallet that you can carry with you.

### 5 – Different ways of buying bitcoin

Crypto exchanges are not the only way to purchase bitcoin. Besides the
traditional cryptocurrency exchanges, you have other options for buying your
bitcoin.

For example, you can buy bitcoin directly with Ledger and our partner
[Coinify](https://www.coinify.com/). Using the [Ledger hardware
wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s) in combination with
the [Ledger Live app](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live), you can securely
purchase your bitcoin from Coinify via Ledger Live and deposit straight into
your Ledger Nano wallet.

The awesome advantage of buying crypto via Ledger is that you will always have
full control & ownership over your assets, while your purchase is safeguarded
in the most secure crypto-buying ecosystem. The Ledger Live app shows you the
price of bitcoin in real-time, while also offering management tools for your
crypto assets like: receive, send, sell, lend.

You can easily buy your bitcoin [by credit card or bank
transfer](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin) and have Coinify securely send
it to your wallet without any hassle or security risk.

## What are the risks when buying bitcoin?

_There is no great reward without great risks._ Or so the saying goes. When
buying your bitcoin you need to be aware that there are risks associated with
it, be it security or market risks.

It’s now time to take you through those risks so you’ll know how to protect
yourself when buying and storing your bitcoin.

### 1 – Market volatility

_What goes up must come down!_ As with any asset, its market value drops and
grows depending on demand, scarcity and other events that influence it. When
buying cryptocurrencies in general, not just bitcoin, you need to be aware
that the market is HIGHLY volatile – think of a roller coaster ride and you’ll
get a pretty good picture.

This means that the [price of Bitcoin
fluctuates](https://www.forbes.com/sites/jayadkisson/2018/02/09/why-bitcoin-
is-so-volatile/?sh=72b8c69739fb) quite rapidly and with great margins. It can
go up pretty fast or it can drop down just as fast. The ideal way to get in
front of the danger of market volatility, is to do your research about how
bitcoin prices fluctuate, why they fluctuate and when they tend to do so.

### 2 – Public and private keys

This one might get a bit tricky but don’t worry – we’ve got the key for it!

[Public and private keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-
public-keys-and-private-keys) are what you, as a bitcoin owner, would use to
transfer your value securely to the person who receives it on the other end
and receive value, vice versa.  
  
Think of the public key as a virtual address where you can find Nina, to whom
you want to send some bitcoin. In order for the bitcoin to arrive securely and
only Nina to receive it, your transaction can only be opened with the private
key associated to the public one, which you guessed right – belongs to Nina
alone, hence only she can open it. It works the same way around with your
public/private keys when you would receive Bitcoin from Nina.  
  
Your private key is basically a string of digits and letters that represent an
access to your wallet, where your Bitcoin is bought, received and stored. You
need to make sure that you keep it secure and out of reach in order to avoid
thefts and hacks.

### 3 – Internet connection

This one is more or less common sense. You need to make sure your internet
connection is secure when buying your bitcoin or trading cryptocurrencies.

We don’t recommend making bitcoin purchases on public Wi-Fi in places like
airports, trains stations, coffee shops, restaurants etc. Public networks are
highly susceptible to hacks and you don’t want to see your investment seeping
through your palms.

Buy your bitcoin at home, where you have your own private connection and
better do it on a secure browser like [Brave](https://brave.com/).

### 4 – Digital wallet vs. Hardware wallet

Earlier we were discussing crypto exchange wallets vs. digital wallets and
that the former are more prone to hacking than the latter. Even with the
better security, not even the digital wallets are safe from greedy clutches.  
  
Think of your bitcoin as the national gold reserve of Spain. Now imagine “El
Professor” and his “Money Heist” gang as the hackers trying to nabb your
digital gold. Your gold wouldn’t stand much of a chance with the security
flaws of a digital wallet – those guys are quite crafty.Now let’s take a look
at how a [hardware
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/ledger-and-third-party-
wallets), a.k.a. cold wallet, works. First of all, a cold wallet is a
physical, offline version that only works when connected to a computer or
mobile device. Since it doesn’t exist in the digital space, it’s not
susceptible to hacks, making it by nature extra-secure.

With a hardware wallet you basically own your private key. When you couple
that with a reliable app that works with your wallet, like [Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live), you create the most secure
ecosystem for buying & storing Bitcoin, as well as other cryptocurrencies.

## In conclusion

If you made it here, it means that you now have a pretty good idea about the
bread and butter of buying bitcoin. It’s not rocket science but you need to be
careful with protecting your digital gold reserve. Make sure to get yourself a
secure safe to prevent “El Professor” and his gang from nabbing your coins and
never stop [learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy) about the assets you
want to invest in.

## Frequently Asked Questions

  

__Where can I buy bitcoin?

You can [buy bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin "Buy bitcoin") on
traditional exchanges like Coinbase or Binance, but you have to consider the
risks associated with having an exchange based wallet. On the other hand, you
can also buy bitcoin easily on our Ledger Live App, straight from our Coinify
partners and have them delivered safely into your Ledger Nano, hardware
wallet.

__Which exchanges to buy bitcoin instantly?

The time it takes to buy bitcoin is roughly the same on all exchanges. After
you pass the ID validation process you can start purchasing your coins. You
can also opt for a fast and secure deposit, using our Ledger Nano cold wallets
and our Ledger Live App, which give you full ownership over your bitcoin &
feature the best security there is.

__What are the risks of buying?

The number one risk associated with buying bitcoin on exchanges is that you
run the risk of getting hacked because of the flaws that exchange wallets
have. To avoid losing your investment to avoidable hacks, you can opt to
upgrade your game with our hardware Ledger Nano wallets and buy securely in
our Ledger Live App straight to your wallet – no middlemen, full ownership of
your coins and hack-proof.

  

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-join-the-contest-and-win-a-ledger-nano-s-plus
"Join the Contest and win a Ledger Nano S Plus!")

[Misc.](https://www.ledger.com/category/non-classe "Misc.") | 05/17/2024 

Join the Contest and win a Ledger Nano S Plus!

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-join-the-contest-and-win-a-ledger-
nano-s-plus "Join the Contest and win a Ledger Nano S Plus!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-join-the-ledger-contest-and-win-a-btc-orange-
ledger-nano-s-plus "Join the Ledger Contest and Win a BTC Orange Ledger
Device!")

[Misc.](https://www.ledger.com/category/non-classe "Misc.") | 04/17/2024 

Join the Ledger Contest and Win a BTC Orange Ledger Device!...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-join-the-ledger-contest-and-win-a-btc-
orange-ledger-nano-s-plus "Join the Ledger Contest and Win a BTC Orange Ledger
Device!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/join-the-ledger-contest-and-win-a-ledger-x-
fvckrender-bundle "Join the Ledger Contest and win a Ledger x Fvckrender
Bundle!")

[Misc.](https://www.ledger.com/category/non-classe "Misc.") | 11/27/2023 

Join the Ledger Contest and win a Ledger x Fvckrender Bundle!...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/join-the-ledger-contest-and-win-a-
ledger-x-fvckrender-bundle "Join the Ledger Contest and win a Ledger x
Fvckrender Bundle!")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/como-comprar-bitcoin-o-guia-de-bolso-para-sua-proxima-oportunidade-de-investimento)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=114e50e8-45f9-4e33-a6da-49fb7efd1c11&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a0169e2d-fc5e-47c7-af7d-b95de25c7a07&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin%2Fhow&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=114e50e8-45f9-4e33-a6da-49fb7efd1c11&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a0169e2d-fc5e-47c7-af7d-b95de25c7a07&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin%2Fhow&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=1732add6-c706-4f11-b338-fbb43c05528d&sid=d99c17b01cfd11efae33450af0911c43&vid=d99c25d01cfd11efaca991c4899072b6&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=How%20to%20buy%20Bitcoin%20-%20All%20you%20need%20before%20starting%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fbuy-
bitcoin%2Fhow&r=&lt=1669&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=551331)

