[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

build on neon

#

Last revised: 8.06.2023

* * *

**1\. INTRODUCTION**

1.1 This Site (as defined below) is provided by Neon Protocol Ltd (“Neon”,
“we”, “our”), a legal entity established and existed in accordance with the
laws of British Virgin Islands.

1.2 These Terms of Use (“**Terms** ”) governs your access and use of the
website available at [http://neonevm.org/](http://neonevm.org), including its
subsites: [docs](https://docs.neonfoundation.io/) and
[forum](https://forum.neonevm.org/) (“**Site** ”), which includes text,
images, audio, code and other materials (“**Content** ”). The Site, and any
other features, tools, materials, or other services offered from time to time
by Neon through the Site may be referred here as the “**Services** ”.

1.3 If you are acting on behalf of body corporate or other organization
(“**Entity** ”), you hereby acknowledge that you are entitled to act on its
behalf and enter into a binding agreement with us (in such case, the term
“you” shall mean the relevant Entity, except as used in this paragraph 1.3 of
these Terms).

1.4 Along with these Terms your access and/or use of the Services may be
governed by specific terms and conditions (collectively “**Terms and
Conditions** ”), including [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy) and [Cookie
Policy](/cookie-policy). These Terms do not supersede the Terms and
Conditions, but must be read and interpreted in conjunction with them.

1.5 By accessing and/or using the Services you acknowledge that you read,
understood and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree with
these Terms, you should leave this Site and cease any use of our Services
immediately. **These Terms are legally binding agreement between Neon and you,
so please read them carefully**.

1.6 You may print these Terms by using the “**Print** ” option on your browser
in any number of copies you need. Any questions or complaints may be directed
to the following [e-mail: legal@neonevm.org](mailto:legal@neonevm.org).

**2\. ELIGIBILITY**

2.1 By accessing and/or using the Services you represent to us that:

  * you intend to be bound by these Terms and unconditionally accept them;
  * you are authorized to enter into transactions and agreements (including this one);
  * you are not a Prohibited Person;
  * you are not accessing and/or using our Services from the Excluded Territories.

2.2 **Prohibited Persons**. Our Services are not allowed to the following
persons: (i) individuals and Entities included in the United Nations
Consolidated List (available at
<https://www.un.org/securitycouncil/content/un-sc-consolidated-list>), (ii)
individuals with a citizenship of the Excluded Territory or its residents
(including Entities), (iii) citizens or residents (including Entities) of a
geographic area in which jurisdiction the Services are illegal or requires
government- issued license or permit of any kind (“**Prohibited Persons** ”).

2.3 **Excluded Territories**. You are not allowed to use and/or access the
Services from Iran, Iraq, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (North Korea),
Somalia, Sudan, Syria or any other country or territory subject to sanctions
of the UK and/or British Virgin Islands (collectively “**Excluded
Territories** ”).

2.4 **Minors**. Our Services are not directed to nor intended for the minors.
Any individual accessing and/or using the Services must be at least 18 years
old (or other age of capacity as required by local law).

**3\. SERVICES**

3.1 **Services Description**. The purpose of the Site is to provide
information about NEON EVM for the general public.

3.2 **Modification**. We reserve the right to change the Services, including
but not limited to introducing of new functionality and revising or
restricting currently existing (in whole or in part), adding or removing
features from the public access.

3.3 **No Support or Maintenance**. Hereby you expressly acknowledge and agree
that provision of any technical support for the Services is our right and not
our obligation. While we will use our best efforts to develop the Services, we
do not assume the obligation to maintain its accessibility and/or
functionality.

**4\. TERM AND TERMINATION**

4.1 **Term**. Subject to this Section, these Terms will remain in full force
and effect while you use the Services, which we made available to you. We may
terminate or suspend the Services at any time with or without notice as
follows:

  * suspend the provision of Services in whole or in part, for all users or for certain users;
  * discontinue or terminate the operation of the Services in full or any part thereof, temporarily or permanently for all users, or for certain users;
  * discontinue or terminate your access to or use of the Services.

4.2 **Termination of Services**. You agree that we may terminate the Services
for any reason at our sole discretion, including but not limited due to your
violation of these Terms. You understand and agree that under no circumstances
will we be liable for your damages or other losses, caused by the suspension
and/or termination of the Services.

4.3 **Survival**. The following provisions will survive any termination of
these Terms: LICENSE TO SUBMITTED CONTENT, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES,
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, INDEMNIFICATION AND RELEASE, ASSIGNMENT, NO THIRD-
PARTY BENEFICIARIES.

**5\. MODIFICATION OF TERMS**

5.1 **Changes**. Neon reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or
replace any part of these Terms by a revised version (“New Terms”) at any time
and for any reason. In the event of material changes to these Terms, we will
make efforts to notify you about introduction of New Terms through a notice
placed on the Site and/or by other means (e.g. by sending you an e-mail).

5.2 **Effect of the New Terms**. The New Terms will take effect immediately
after its publication, unless otherwise is stated in the New Terms. You are
expected to check the Site for any update in the Terms from time to time so
you are aware of any changes, as they are binding on you.

5.3 **Acceptance**. If you use this Site or any other Service available to you
after the New Terms have been effected, you acknowledge that you agree to be
bound by the New Terms.

**6\. USER ACCOUNT**

6.1 **Account Registration**. You may be asked to register user account (“User
Account”) to use the forum and/or other Services. You hereby acknowledge and
agree that you will:

  * provide us with complete and reliable information;
  * update your User Account information (if necessary);
  * use your User Account only for legitimate purposes.

6.2 **Account Security**. You agree that the transmission and/or storage of
data in information systems connected to the Internet cannot be completely
secure, so you will take all reasonable steps to protect your User Account and
keep your password in secrecy.

6.3 **One User – One Account**. You understand and agree that any action taken
from your User Account will be associated with you regardless of whether you
logged into the User Account or not. Unless otherwise permitted by us, each
individual and/or Entity must have only one registered Use Account for their
own use. You may not buy, sell, rent, lease, or otherwise transfer any User
Account.

6.4 **Account Deletion (Suspension)**. At any time, at our sole discretion we
may suspend your access to the User Account or terminate it with or without
notice for any reason, including but not limited to suspected violation of
these Terms, security and safety interests, legal or ethical compliance.

**7\. USER CONDUCT**

7.1 **Obligations of User**. User is obligated:

  * to use the Services in accordance with their intended purpose(s);
  * to show behavior that can be expected from a reasonable and conscientious person.

7.2 **Prohibited Use**. You also agree not to engage in, or attempt to engage
in, any of the following categories of prohibited activities in relation to
your access and/or use of Services:

  * **Intellectual Property Infringement** : any activity that infringes on or violates any copyright, moral rights, trademark, service mark, patent, right of publicity, or other proprietary or intellectual property rights.
  * **Cyber-attack** : any activity that seeks to interfere with or compromise the integrity, security, or proper functioning of any computer, server, network, personal device, or other information technology system, including (but not limited to) the deployment of viruses and denial of service attacks.
  * **Data Protection Violations** : any activity that seeks to invade the privacy of our users or any third party, including any personal data processing that is not based on legitimate basis within the meaning of the GDPR or any other applicable law. This also includes any use of personal data that may be considered excessive or unexpected, even the personal data being used were publicly available (for example, on a forum).
  * **Fraud and Misrepresentation** : any activity that seeks to defraud us or any other person or entity, including (but not limited to) providing any false, inaccurate, or misleading information in order to unlawfully obtain the property of another.
  * **Market Manipulation** : any activity that violates any applicable law, rule, or regulation concerning the integrity of trading markets, including (but not limited to) the manipulative tactics commonly known as spoofing and wash trading.
  * **Any Other Unlawful Conduct** : any activity that violates any applicable law, rule, or regulation in a relevant jurisdiction, including any anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and corruption, anti- fraud, counter-terrorist financing and trade control laws, sanctions or embargoes enforced by the USA, EU, EK and/or Caiman Islands.

**8\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND OWNERSHIP**

8.1 **Proprietary Rights**. You agree that, unless otherwise expressly stated,
that all titles, ownership and intellectual property rights in and to the
Services (including Content) are owned by Neon or by the respective third
party. Unless expressly authorized by us, you may not copy, modify, adapt,
rent, license, sell, publish, distribute, attempt to alter, disassemble,
decrypt or reverse engineer the Services and/or create derivative works based
on them.

8.2 **Limited License**. Subject to your compliance with these Terms you are
granted with license (“**License** ”) to access and/or use the Services. The
License we grant to you is:

  * **limited** : you are obtaining a License to access and/or use the Services solely for their intended purpose;
  * **non-exclusive** : you are one of many users and we reserve the right to make the Services available to other users under the terms and conditions of this License or otherwise;
  * **revocable** : this License may be terminated or revoked at our sole discretion and the duration of its validity depends on our will;
  * **non-transferable** : you may not assign rights and obligations under this License to the third party;
  * **non-sublicensable** : you may not sub-license any rights granted herein.

8.3 **Third Parties’ Intellectual Property**. Any third parties' copyrights,
trademarks and other intellectual property, which we made available through
the Services or in connection with them are the exclusive property of their
respective owners. You may not use any intellectual property of third party
without license, permit or another lawful ground, even we made
visible/available such intellectual property through our Services.

8.4 **Submitted Content**. We may allow you to display, distribute, upload,
transmit or otherwise make available a certain content and materials,
including but not limited to the text, photos, computer code, sounds and music
files, that you want to share with us and/or with our users through the
Services (“**Submissions** ” or “**Submitted Content** ”).

8.4.1 **License to Submitted Content**. You hereby grant Neon with world-wide,
royalty free, irrevocable, sublicensable and perpetual license to display,
store, reproduce, make publicly available or otherwise use the Submitted
Content (or any part of it) and create a derivative works based on your
Submissions. You also agree to provide us with the rights we need to use your
Submitted Content (or any part of it) without attribution (anonymously) and/or
to adopt and modify it to ensure its compatibility with the Services.

8.4.2 **Responsibility**. If you use our Services to post any Submission,
which includes any content and materials you did not create, you shall be
responsible for obtaining any necessary permissions and/or similar legal basis
to use such content and materials.

8.4.3 **Removing of Submitted Content**. We are not responsible for verifying
legality of any Submissions. We reserve the right to remove any Submitted
Content (or restrict access to) at any time and for any reason, including
alleged copyright infringement.

8.5 **Feedback**. We appreciate feedback, comments, ideas, proposals and
suggestions regarding the Services (“**Feedback** ”). If you send us any
Feedback, you agree that we are free to use your Feedback (and permit others
to do it) without any restriction or compensation.

8.6 **Complaints**. If you believe that anything on the Services infringes
your intellectual property rights, please provide us with DMCA report or
similar notice containing the following information:

  * an electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright or other intellectual property interest;
  * a description of the copyrighted work or other intellectual property that you claim has been infringed;
  * a description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located (including any additional information that can be reasonable needed to identify the alleged infringement);
  * your address, telephone number, and email address;
  * a statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
  * a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright or intellectual property owner or authorized to act on the copyright or intellectual property owner’s behalf.

8.7 **Open Source**. Our Content (as well as any third-party Content) may be
provided to you under a separate license, such as MIT, GPL or any other open-
source license (“OSS License”). For clarity, these Terms should not be in
conflict with any OSS License and will apply to the extent that they do not
conflict with them. In the event of a conflict between these License and any
separate license, the separate license will prevail with respect to Content,
which is distributed on the terms of applicable OSS License.

**9\. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES**

9.1 **Links and References**. Our Services may contain links or references to
the third-party services, including websites, software, dApps and other
content of any kind (“Third-Party Services”). In no event shall a description
or reference to the Third-Party Service be construed as our endorsement or
promotion of such Third-Party Service.

9.2 **Their Own Terms**. Please note that Third Party Services shall have
their own terms of use and (or) privacy documents. Therefore, before using any
Third-Party Services, you should ensure that their terms of use and any other
documents meet your expectations.

9.3 **No Warranties**. We make no warranties of any kind, including but not
limited to any warranty of availability, fitness for a particular purpose or
legitimacy of any Third-Party Service, even if our own Services are compatible
with them or intended for joint use. We hereby disclaim any and all implied
warranties with respect to the Third-Party Services. 10\. DISCLAIMER OF
WARRANTIES You expressly understand and agree that your use of the Service is
at your sole risk. The Services are provided on an “AS IS” and “AS AVAILABLE”
basis, without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including,
without limitation, warranties of completeness, timeliness, accuracy, free of
bugs or errors, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular
purpose in respect of the Services.

**11\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

11.1 You agree that your use of the Services is your own risk. Recognizing
such, you understand and agree that, to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law, neither Neon or its affiliates will be liable for indirect,
incidental, special, consequential, punitive, exemplary or other damages of
any kind, including without limitation damages for loss of profits, goodwill,
use, data or other tangible or intangible losses or any other damages based on
contract, tort, strict liability or any other legal theory (even if Neon had
been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from your use or
the inability to use the Services; statements or conduct of any third party on
the Services; human errors; technical malfunctions; failures; any injury or
damage to computer equipment; theft, tampering, destruction, or unauthorized
access to, images or other content of any kind; data that is processed late or
incorrectly or is incomplete or lost; typographical, printing or other errors,
or any combination thereof; or any other matter relating to the Services.

11.2 If any part of these warranty disclaimers or limitations of liability in
these Terms is found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or if we
are otherwise found to be liable to you in any manner, then Neon liability for
all claims under such circumstances shall not exceed 100$ (one hundred U.S.
dollars), or the amount you paid Neon directly, if any, in the past 3 month
for the Services giving rise to the claim (whichever is higher).

11.3 **Important notice** : some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of
certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental
or consequential damages. Accordingly, some of the above limitations may not
apply to you.

**12\. INDEMNIFICATION AND RELEASE**

12.1 **Indemnity**. You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Neon
and its officers, and directors from and against any claims, disputes,
demands, liabilities, damages, losses, and costs and expenses, including,
without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting fees arising out of or in
any way connected with: (a) your use of the Services, (b) your Submitted
Content, (c) your breach of applicable laws or third-party rights in
connection with your use of the Services, (d) your access to and/or use of the
User Account, (e) a consequence of any decision you made, based on the
information available through the Services, or (f) your breach of affiliates,
these Terms.

12.3 **Release of Claims**. You hereby release and forever discharge Neon, its
officers, employees, agents and successors from, and hereby waive and
relinquish, each and every past, present and future dispute, claim,
controversy, demand, right, obligation, liability, action and cause of action
of every kind and nature, that has arisen or arises directly or indirectly out
of, or that relates directly or indirectly to, the Services. YOU HEREBY WAIVE
ANY APPLICABLE PROVISION, WHICH STATES IN SUBSTANCE: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES
NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN
HIS OR HER FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH IF KNOWN BY HIM
OR HER MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS OR HER SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”

**13\. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION**

13.1 These Terms are governed by the British Virgin Islands laws.

13.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to these
Terms and/or Services, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof
(“**Dispute** ”), shall be settled by the competent court of British Virgin
Islands, which shall have exclusive jurisdiction over a Dispute.

**14\. MISCELLANEOUS**

14.1 **Entire Agreement**. These Terms constitutes the entire agreement of the
parties hereto and supersedes any and all existing or prior agreements and
communications, whether written or oral, relating to the subject matter
hereof.

14.2 **Assignment**. We may transfer or assign all of our rights and
obligations under these Terms (in whole or in part). You may not transfer or
assign your rights and obligations under these Terms without our written
consent.

14.3 **Non-Waiver**. Our failure or delay in exercising any right, power, or
privilege under these Terms will not operate as a waiver thereof.

14.4 **No Third-Party Beneficiaries**. Nothing in these Terms not intended to
and do not create rights in any person other than the parties hereto.

14.5 **Headings**. Headings of sections are for convenience only and shall not
be used to limit or construe such sections.

14.6 **Severability**. If any provision of these Terms is held to be illegal,
invalid or unenforceable, such holding shall apply only to such provision and
this Terms shall be reformed, construed and enforced so as to most nearly give
lawful effect to the intent of the parties thereof.

14.7 **Electronic communications**. You agree to accept communications from us
in an electronic format, and agree that all terms, conditions, agreements,
notices, disclosures or other communications that we provide to you
electronically will be considered to be “in writing”.

[](/)

[](https://twitter.com/Neon_EVM "twitter")[](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm "github")[](https://discord.gg/neonevm
"discord")[](https://medium.com/@neon_evm
"medium")[](https://t.me/NeonEvmCommunity
"telegram")[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/neonevm/ "linkedin")

### Stay connected

Subscribe to all Neon EVM updates

subscribe

Developers

[Developers Hub](/developers)[Technical
Docs](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)[GitHub](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm)[Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)[FAQs](/faq)

Ecosystem

[Ecosystem
Hub](/ecosystem)[NeonScan](https://neonscan.org)[NeonPass](https://neonpass.live/)[NeonFaucet](https://neonfaucet.org/)[Gnosis
Safe](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)[BlockScout](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

About Neon

[Careers](/careers)[Events](/events)[Community News](/blog)

All rights reserved © 2024

  * [Terms Of Use](/terms)
  * [Cookie Policy](/cookie-policy)

  * [Disclaimer](/disclaimer)
  * [Privacy](/privacy-policy)

