[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmQtd2hhdHMtbmV3LWluLXN1bW1lci0yMDIyLTc2ODc2ODI2MjM2ODc5MDU2MTM%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmQtd2hhdHMtbmV3LWluLXN1bW1lci0yMDIyLTc2ODc2ODI2MjM2ODc5MDU2MTM%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Gift Card: What’s New in Summer 2022?

2022-10-07

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Gift Card has achieved several impressive milestones in its first year of operation.

  * This summer saw the introduction of new features, improved accessibility, and increased adoption across multiple countries.

_Learn about the industry’s easiest way to share the gift of crypto with
newcomers and seasoned HODLers alike. In just one year, Binance Gift Card has
become one of the most popular methods for gifting crypto in a simple manner,
and it continues to improve on its easy-to-access service._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/f3f2780d-b8e6-4cce-8986-40c8c26ff541)

Within one year of launching, thousands of people worldwide have begun to use
Binance Crypto Gift Cards,  especially as unique gifts during the holiday
season.

One reason for their popularity is that [ Binance Gift Cards can be used even
by those who do not have a Binance
account](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/redeem-your-gift-card-
safely-with-our-new-crypto-wallet-partner-trust-wallet-3132315779577749752),
and spending them is free.

On its first anniversary, we’ll look at what Binance Gift Cards have been up
to this summer and how you can get involved.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/15ce82e4-e316-41e1-9d78-a88856f21a28.png)](https://app.binance.com/en/gift-
card?_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZaMmxtZEMxallYSms=)

## What’s New this Summer?

From introducing Fiat Gift Cards to First Flash campaigns, we've seen high
adoption in countries like **Estonia** , **Hungary** , and **Ukraine** this
summer. This has led to a focus on localizing events and campaigns in these
regions.

New improvements and updates have also been made to the Binance Crypto Gift
Card. You can now use tokens from your **Spot Wallet** without moving it to
your Funding Wallet. This gives you greater access to your funds and offers a
seamless experience — if your Funding Wallet balance is insufficient, the new
system will automatically use funds from your Spot Wallet to pay your
transaction .

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/bb9fca26-e348-4fb6-9c77-ec8e76150e83.png)

Previously, Gift Cards could only be sent via text message or email. Now, you
can send them directly to the recipient's account. Best of all, you can give
Crypto Gift Cards to anyone, even if they don't use Binance. This makes
Binance Gift Cards a perfect way to introduce people to the world of crypto
with total ease.

We’ve also simplified the crypto distribution and transfer process for
businesses with [Binance
Code](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/119a50f681d24dca8014f60698a2dbea),
a prepaid crypto voucher that facilitates simple crypto transfers and
exchanges.

## Send to Account

You can now directly send the Binance Gift Card to the redeemer's wallet!
Sending the Gift Card via text and email is still a feature but an added
extension to it is that now you no longer need to copy and paste, it will
automatically show in the recipient’s gift card wallet. This added feature
provides the user with another level of convenience while using the Binance
Gift Card.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/ddbad827-0e91-4e2f-9501-a696c6270128.png)

## Redeem and Convert to Fiat

In May, we announced the new [Redeem & Convert to Fiat
function](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)
in the Gift Card Mini App on Binance App. On top of the 270+ cryptocurrencies
currently supported, we've added three fiat currencies you can send and
receive. This new feature allows users to redeem their Gift Cards and easily
convert the crypto they contain into any of the selected fiat currencies for
free.

The available fiat currencies for conversion are USD, UAH, PHP, VND, INR, IDR,
NGN, and RUB.

To redeem your Gift Cards and convert the crypto they contain into fiat, head
to the [Profile] section of the Binance App, tap on the [Gift Card] icon,
click [Redeem], and then click [Redeem & Convert to Fiat].

## We've Celebrated Our First Anniversary in Style!

Binance Gift Cards have already become one of the most popular crypto gift
cards in their first year. To celebrate, we hosted a first-anniversary flash
giveaway with a prize pool worth up to 10k DOGE and welcomed almost 100,000
new users to the world of [crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-
card/celebrate-binance-gift-cards-1st-anniversary-with-a-special-
giveaway-1004800058899295983).

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/49969b01-dc8a-44d3-b5b4-b06b25f19c80.png)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/884bb6da-535e-4ffa-8a08-56c56fbca8fd.png)

With the help of the star icon on the top right hand corner, the users can now
“Add to Favorites” and save the templates they like with just a couple taps
from the Binance homepage. With this added feature you can now save your
preferred Gift Cards at one place but keep in mind that the limited edition
Gift Cards would be live for a particular time period only!

## How Do I Create and Send a Gift Card?

  1. Log into the Binance app. 

  2. Go to your [Profile], tap [Gift Card], then tap [Send].

  3. Select the crypto and the amount you want to send. You can also choose to customize your gift card by picking a design. 

  4. Once you’ve finalized your design and confirmed the amount on the gift card, tap [Send]. 

  5. You will then be asked to choose if you want your gift card delivered via email or text message.

For a more detailed guide, check out our tutorial on How to Create and Send a
Gift Card.

## How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?

  1. Log into the Binance app and tap [Gift Card] on your profile. 

  2. Select [Redeem].

  3. Enter the 16-digit code on your gift card and select [Redeem].

For a step-by-step guide, check out our tutorial on [How Do I Redeem a Gift
Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/2-simple-ways-to-redeem-your-
binance-gift-card-1144037038095530531)

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221007/1e5af305-efc3-4701-be3a-541feafbc0ed.png)](https://app.binance.com/en/gift-
card?_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZaMmxtZEMxallYSms=)

## Ready To Send a Gift Card?

As mentioned, a Binance Gift Card is hassle-free and a great way to share the
gift of crypto with your friends and family, no matter the occasion. To send
your own Gift Card, refer to the following articles for more information on
the process and exactly what your Gift Card can do.

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How do I Refer a Friend with a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or cancel this
announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice._

_**Risk Disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,920,231 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Gift Card: What’s New in Summer 2022?

Main Takeaways

What’s New this Summer?

Send to Account

Redeem and Convert to Fiat

We've Celebrated Our First Anniversary in Style!

How Do I Create and Send a Gift Card?

How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?

Ready To Send a Gift Card?

194,920,231 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

