Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Backend API libraries

d

Last edit: [@davidzhangg(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/davidzhangg),
April 10, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Why use a library?
  * Available libraries
    * Infrastructure and node services
    * Development tools
    * Blockchain services
  * Further reading
  * Related topics
  * Related tutorials

In order for a software application to interact with the Ethereum blockchain
(i.e. read blockchain data and/or send transactions to the network), it must
connect to an Ethereum node.

For this purpose, every Ethereum client implements the [JSON-
RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/) specification, so there is a uniform
set of [methods](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#json-rpc-methods) that
applications can rely on.

If you want to use a specific programming language to connect with an Ethereum
node, there are many convenience libraries within the ecosystem that make this
much easier. With these libraries, developers can write intuitive, one-line
methods to initialize JSON-RPC requests (under the hood) that interact with
Ethereum.

## Prerequisites

It might be helpful to understand the [Ethereum
stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/) and [Ethereum
clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).

## Why use a library?

These libraries abstract away much of the complexity of interacting directly
with an Ethereum node. They also provide utility functions (e.g. converting
ETH to Gwei) so as a developer you can spend less time dealing with the
intricacies of Ethereum clients and more time focused on the unique
functionality of your application.

## Available libraries

### Infrastructure and node services

**Alchemy -** **_Ethereum Development Platform._**

  * [alchemy.com(opens in a new tab)](https://www.alchemy.com/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.alchemy.com/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/alchemyplatform)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/alchemyplatform)

**Blast by Bware Labs -** **_Decentralized APIs for Ethereum Mainnet and
Testnets._**

  * [blastapi.io(opens in a new tab)](https://blastapi.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.blastapi.io)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/bwarelabs)

**BlockPi -** **_Provide more efficient and fast RPC services_**

  * [blockpi.io(opens in a new tab)](https://blockpi.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.blockpi.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/BlockPILabs)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/xTvGVrGVZv)

**Cloudflare Ethereum Gateway.**

  * [cloudflare-eth.com(opens in a new tab)](https://www.cloudflare.com/application-services/products/web3/)

**GetBlock-** **_Blockchain-as-a-service for Web3 development_**

  * [GetBlock.io(opens in a new tab)](https://getblock.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://getblock.io/docs/)

**Infura -** **_The Ethereum API as a service._**

  * [infura.io(opens in a new tab)](https://infura.io)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.infura.io/api)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/INFURA)

**Node RPC -_Cost-effective EVM JSON RPC provider_**

  * [noderpc.xyz(opens in a new tab)](https://www.noderpc.xyz/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.noderpc.xyz/node-rpc)

**NOWNodes -_Full Nodes and Block Explorers._**

  * [NOWNodes.io(opens in a new tab)](https://nownodes.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/13630829/TVmFkLwy#intro)

**QuickNode -** **_Blockchain Infrastructure as a Service._**

  * [quicknode.com(opens in a new tab)](https://quicknode.com)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://www.quicknode.com/docs/welcome)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/quicknode)

**Rivet -** **_Ethereum and Ethereum Classic APIs as a service powered by open
source software._**

  * [rivet.cloud(opens in a new tab)](https://rivet.cloud)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://rivet.cloud/docs/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/openrelayxyz/ethercattle-deployment)

**Zmok -** **_Speed-oriented Ethereum nodes as JSON-RPC/WebSockets API._**

  * [zmok.io(opens in a new tab)](https://zmok.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/zmok-io)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.zmok.io/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/fAHeh3ka6s)

### Development tools

**ethers-kt -** **_Async, high-performance Kotlin/Java/Android library for
EVM-based blockchains._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Kr1ptal/ethers-kt)
  * [Examples(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Kr1ptal/ethers-kt/tree/master/examples)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/rx35NzQGSb)

**Nethereum -** **_An open source .NET integration library for blockchain._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Nethereum/Nethereum)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](http://docs.nethereum.com/en/latest/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/jQPrR58FxX)

**Python Tooling -** **_Variety of libraries for Ethereum interaction via
Python._**

  * [py.ethereum.org(opens in a new tab)](https://python.ethereum.org/)
  * [web3.py GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py)
  * [web3.py Chat(opens in a new tab)](https://gitter.im/ethereum/web3.py)

**Tatum -** **_The ultimate blockchain development platform._**

  * [Tatum(opens in a new tab)](https://tatum.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/tatumio/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.tatum.io/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/EDmW3kjTC9)

**web3j -** **_A Java/Android/Kotlin/Scala integration library for
Ethereum._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/web3j/web3j)
  * [Docs(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.web3j.io/)
  * [Gitter(opens in a new tab)](https://gitter.im/web3j/web3j)

### Blockchain services

**BlockCypher -** **_Ethereum Web APIs._**

  * [blockcypher.com(opens in a new tab)](https://www.blockcypher.com/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://www.blockcypher.com/dev/ethereum/)

**Chainbase -** **_All-in-one web3 data infrastructure for Ethereum._**

  * [chainbase.com(opens in a new tab)](https://chainbase.com/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.chainbase.com/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/Wx6qpqz4AF)

**Chainstack -** **_Elastic and dedicated Ethereum nodes as a service._**

  * [chainstack.com(opens in a new tab)](https://chainstack.com)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.chainbase.com/docs)
  * [Ethereum API reference(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.chainstack.com/reference/ethereum-getting-started)

**Coinbase Cloud Node -** **_Blockchain Infrastructure API._**

  * [Coinbase Cloud Node(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/cloud)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.cloud.coinbase.com/)

**DataHub by Figment -** **_Web3 API services with Ethereum Mainnet and
testnets._**

  * [DataHub(opens in a new tab)](https://www.figment.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.figment.io/)

**Moralis -** **_Enterprise-Grade EVM API Provider._**

  * [moralis.io(opens in a new tab)](https://moralis.io)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.moralis.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/MoralisWeb3)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://moralis.io/joindiscord/)
  * [Forum(opens in a new tab)](https://forum.moralis.io/)

**NFTPort -** **_Ethereum Data and Mint APIs._**

  * [nftport.xyz(opens in a new tab)](https://www.nftport.xyz/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.nftport.xyz/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nftport/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/K8nNrEgqhE)

**Tokenview -** **_The General Multi-Crypto Blockchain APIs Platform._**

  * [services.tokenview.io(opens in a new tab)](https://services.tokenview.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://services.tokenview.io/docs?type=api)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Tokenview)

**Watchdata -** **_Provide simple and reliable API access to Ethereum
blockchain._**

  * [Watchdata(opens in a new tab)](https://watchdata.io/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.watchdata.io/)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/TZRJbZ6bdn)

**Covalent -** **_Enriched blockchain APIs for 200+ Chains._**

  * [covalenthq.com(opens in a new tab)](https://www.covalenthq.com/)
  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://www.covalenthq.com/docs/api/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/covalenthq)
  * [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://www.covalenthq.com/discord/)

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Related topics

  * [Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)
  * [Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

## Related tutorials

  * [Set up Web3js to use the Ethereum blockchain in JavaScript](/en/developers/tutorials/set-up-web3js-to-use-ethereum-in-javascript/) _– Instructions for getting web3.js set up in your project._
  * [Calling a smart contract from JavaScript](/en/developers/tutorials/calling-a-smart-contract-from-javascript/) _– Using the DAI token, see how to call contracts function using JavaScript._

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/apis/backend/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Why use a library?
    * Available libraries
      * Infrastructure and node services
      * Development tools
      * Blockchain services
    * Further reading
    * Related topics
    * Related tutorials

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

