Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# Logging data from smart contracts with events

smart contractsremixsolidityevents

Intermediate

![‚úçÔ∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/270d.svg)jdourlens

![üìö](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4da.svg)[EthereumDev(opens
in a new tab)](https://ethereumdev.io/logging-data-with-events/)

![üìÜ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4c6.svg)
April 3, 2020

![‚è±Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/23f1.svg)2
minute read minute read

comp-tutorial-metadata-tip-author 0x19dE91Af973F404EDF5B4c093983a7c6E3EC8ccE

On this page

  * Events

In Solidity, [events](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/#events-and-
logs) are dispatched signals the smart contracts can fire. Dapps, or anything
connected to Ethereum JSON-RPC API, can listen to these events and act
accordingly. An event can also be indexed so that the event history is
searchable later.

## Events

The most common event on the Ethereum blockchain at the time of writing this
article is the Transfer event that is emitted by ERC20 tokens when someone
transfers tokens.

    
    
    1event Transfer(address indexed from, address indexed to, uint256 value);
    
    ![üìã](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

The event signature is declared inside of the contract code and can be emitted
with the emit keyword. For example, the transfer event logs who sent the
transfer (_from_), to who (_to_) and how much tokens were transferred
(_value_).

If we get back to our Counter smart contract and decide to log every time the
value is changed. As this contract is not meant to be deployed but serve as a
base for building another contract by extending it: it‚Äôs called an abstract
contract. In the case of our counter example, it would look like this:

    
    
    1pragma solidity 0.5.17;
    
    2
    
    3contract Counter {
    
    4
    
    5    event ValueChanged(uint oldValue, uint256 newValue);
    
    6
    
    7    // Private variable of type unsigned int to keep the number of counts
    
    8    uint256 private count = 0;
    
    9
    
    10    // Function that increments our counter
    
    11    function increment() public {
    
    12        count += 1;
    
    13        emit ValueChanged(count - 1, count);
    
    14    }
    
    15
    
    16    // Getter to get the count value
    
    17    function getCount() public view returns (uint256) {
    
    18        return count;
    
    19    }
    
    20
    
    21}
    
    Show all
    
    ![üìã](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Notice that:

  * **Line 5** : we declare our event and what it contains, the old value and the new value.

  * **Line 13** : When we increment our count variable, we emit the event.

If we now deploy the contract and call the increment function, we‚Äôll see that
Remix will automatically display it if you click on the new transaction inside
an array named logs.

[![Remix
screenshot](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Ftutorials%2Flogging-
events-smart-contracts%2Fremix-
screenshot.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/tutorials/logging-events-
smart-contracts/remix-screenshot.png)

Logs are really useful for debugging your smart contracts but they are also
important if you build applications used by different people and make it
easier to make analytics to track and understand how your smart contract is
used. The logs generated by transactions are displayed in popular block
explorers and you can also for example use them to create off chain scripts
for listening to specific events and taking action when they occur.

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

### Was this tutorial helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/tutorials/logging-events-smart-contracts/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Events

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

