  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [NFT](/blog?category=NFT)  >  [A Beginner’s
Guide to Blur: An NFT Marketplace](/blog/beginners-guide-to-blur-an-nft-
marketplace)

##### NFT

# A Beginner’s Guide to Blur: An NFT Marketplace

Published on: Apr 17, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Blur?**
  * **Blend: Perpetual NFT Lending on Blur**
  * **What Sets Blur Apart?**
  * **How is The BLUR Token Used?**
  * **How to Deposit BLUR to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Learn everything you need to know about Blur, an NFT marketplace for pro
traders. Connect to Blur seamlessly through Trust Wallet's browser.

![A Beginner’s Guide to Blur: An NFT
Marketplace](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblur_beginners_guide_f438d84c3c.png&w=3840&q=75)

The Non-Fungible Token (NFT) trading scene is rapidly evolving. Blur stands at
the forefront with its distinctive NFT marketplace designed for professional
traders. Blur boasts an impressive suite of features and a competitive fee
model, distinguishing it from its competitors. Let's explore everything you
need to know about Blur.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is Blur?

Blur is an Ethereum-based [NFT marketplace](https://trustwallet.com/nft) for
professional traders. Founded by Tieshun Roquerre and Anthony Liu in 2022,
Blur quickly rose in popularity, surpassing giants like OpenSea in both market
share and trading volume. The platform's innovative features and user-centric
design have propelled its rapid growth, establishing it as a leading platform
in the [NFT](https://trustwallet.com/nft) sector. The platform also introduced
its peer-to-peer perpetual lending protocol called Blend in May 2023.

Through Blur’s NFT marketplace, users can list and [trade
NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft), leveraging advanced features such as
"collect" and "trade" modes, detailed charts, and tools for analyzing
transaction data. Blur's user-friendly interface and community-driven ethos
further contribute to its appeal among professional NFT traders.

![blur-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblur_beginners_guide_3_5afcd44b16.png&w=3840&q=75)

The platform rewards its users through Blur rewards, distributed via airdrops,
rewarding traders for their NFT transactions. These airdrops, including the
recent distribution to users based on their trading activity and participation
in listing NFTs, have contributed to Blur's rapid growth.

### How to Connect to Blur Using The Trust Wallet Browser

You can connect to Blur directly through the Trust Wallet Browser for a smooth
and secure experience. This eliminates the need to switch between apps and
devices. Here’s how to connect to Blur using the Trust Wallet Browser:

![blur-beginners-guide-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblur_beginners_guide_1_02318dba73.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## Blend: Perpetual NFT Lending on Blur

Blur's Blend protocol revolutionizes [NFT](https://trustwallet.com) ownership
by introducing perpetual lending. Unlike traditional loans, Blend offers
flexible borrowing with no fixed terms. NFT owners can leverage their digital
assets as collateral for loans, essentially unlocking the monetary value of
their NFTs. The protocol facilitates the process, connecting borrowers who set
loan terms with interested lenders.

Once a loan is established, the NFT is securely vaulted until repayment. For
lenders seeking to exit a loan, Blend offers "refinancing auctions" where new
lenders can take over the loan at potentially lower interest rates. If no new
lender emerges and the borrower defaults, the original lender can claim the
NFT as collateral. Blend creates a dynamic lending ecosystem within the [NFT
space](https://trustwallet.com/nft), empowering NFT owners and fostering a new
era of financial flexibility within the digital art world.

## What Sets Blur Apart?

Blur is a revolutionary NFT marketplace designed from the ground up for
professional traders. Here's what sets Blur apart from its competitors:

### Built for Pros

Blur offers a user-friendly interface with advanced features like bulk buying,
real-time analytics, and customizable creator royalties. It prioritizes
lightning-fast transactions. These features are specifically designed to cater
to the needs of professional traders who require speed, efficiency, and
control over their NFT transactions.

### Fee Advantage

Unlike most marketplaces that charge fees per transaction, Blur boasts a zero-
fee structure. This significantly reduces trading costs for professional
traders who are likely to have high trading volume.

### Integration with Other Marketplaces

Blur integrates with other NFT marketplaces. This allows professional traders
to see listings and pricing across various platforms from a single interface,
streamlining their work flow and potentially finding better deals.

### Rewarding System

Blur incentivizes participation through airdrops of the BLUR token for traders
who sell Non-Fungible Tokens, and rewards users for listing NFTs. This system
encourages users to be active on the platform and contributes to its overall
liquidity.

### Getting Started on Blur

The first step is getting familiar with the platform. You'll need a compatible
crypto wallet, like Trust Wallet, that connects seamlessly with Blur. Once you
connect your wallet, you can effortlessly import your existing NFT collection
onto the platform. This unlocks the full potential of Blur:

  * **Create and mint:** Unleash your creativity and mint your own Non-Fungible Tokens directly on Blur.

  * **Sell your work:** Sell your creations first-hand and reach a global audience of collectors.

  * **Earn royalties:** Benefit from royalties whenever your artwork is resold on the platform.

  * **Explore and buy:** Discover a vast collection of NFTs from artists worldwide and expand your collection.

Blur has revolutionized the NFT landscape, making the creation, sale, and
appreciation of digital art more accessible than ever. It fosters a vibrant
community where empowered artists connect with passionate collectors,
emphasizing the power of creativity in the digital age.

## How is The BLUR Token Used?

The BLUR token, built on the Ethereum blockchain, is the native token of the
Blur NFT marketplace. It plays a crucial role in facilitating NFT purchases
and trades. The BLUR token fuels NFT sales and transactions, while also
fostering a strong community. Here's how:

  * Total supply: 3 billion.

  * 51% allocated to the community.

  * 29% allocated to contributors.

  * 19% allocated to investors.

  * 1% allocated to advisors.

Within the community allocation, a significant portion (360 million BLUR, or
12%) was distributed to NFT traders, past Blur users, and creators in the form
of an airdrop. The remaining 39% became a treasury. These will be used to fund
various initiatives, including grants for contributors, community events, and
incentive programs.

## How to Deposit BLUR to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit BLUR from another crypto wallet address or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “BLUR” and select it.

![blur-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblur_beginners_guide_2_74ded6f7d2.png&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other crypto wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to BLUR, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

