  * Company
  * [Allbridge Core](/core/)
  * [Allbridge Classic](/classic/)

![allbridge logo](/assets/icons/allbridge.svg)

Allbridge

Developers

# Transfer stablecoins between EVM  
& non-EVM chains

[ Swap stablecoins ](https://core.allbridge.io/)

Unique wallets

572,528

![icon](/assets/home/token.svg)

TVL

$72,945,748

![icon](/assets/home/arrows.svg)

Total transfers

1,286,937

Blockchains

25

![icon](/assets/chains/Aurora.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/BNB.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Casper.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Celo.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Avalanche.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Solana.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Ethereum.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Fantom.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Fuse-2.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Harmony.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Heco.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Klaytn.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Near.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Polygon.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Stacks.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Terra.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Tezos.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Tron.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Waves.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/XRP.svg)

![icon](/assets/chains/Aurora.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/BNB.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Casper.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Celo.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Avalanche.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Solana.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Ethereum.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Fantom.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Fuse-2.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Harmony.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Heco.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Klaytn.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Near.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Polygon.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Stacks.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Terra.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Tezos.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Tron.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/Waves.svg)![icon](/assets/chains/XRP.svg)

## Allbridge mission

Our mission is to make the blockchain world borderless by providing a cross-
chain infrastructure to freely move assets between EVM with non-EVM
blockchains

Discover products

![allbridge mission](/assets/home/mission.svg)

## Developers

#### Allbridge Core

Bring cross-chain transfers directly to your protocol

[Allbridge Core Docs](https://docs-core.allbridge.io/)[Docs](https://docs-
core.allbridge.io/)

  * #### SDK

Explore our SDK to bring cross-chain functionality to your protocol

[Github](https://github.com/allbridge-io/allbridge-core-js-sdk)![sdk
icon](assets/developers/sdk.svg)

  * #### Integration Guidelines

Follow our examples to streamline the integration process

[Guide](https://docs-core.allbridge.io/sdk/guides)![integration guidelines
icon](assets/developers/integration.svg)

  * #### Technical Reference

Explore the basics behind Allbridge Core by visiting our docs

[Docs](https://bridge-core-sdk.web.app/)![technical reference
icon](assets/developers/reference.svg)

  * #### About Core

Cross-chain swaps, extra gas, messaging protocols

[Learn more](https://docs-core.allbridge.io/product/how-does-allbridge-core-
work)![about core icon](assets/developers/about.svg)

#### Collaborations

Reach out to our development team if you need additional help with the
integration

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/ASuPY8d3E6)

![side image](assets/developers/collaboration-r.svg)![side
image](assets/developers/collaboration-l.svg)

## Enabling cross-chain interactions

  * ![icon](/assets/home/expertise.svg)

Expertise

Our team consists of experienced developers with extensive knowledge of
building cross-chain applications

  * ![icon](/assets/home/innovation.svg)

Continuous innovation

Allbridge is dedicated to staying at the forefront of the cross-chain market,
continuously expanding access to new blockchains

  * ![icon](/assets/home/experience.svg)

Prioritizing user experience

We make the bridging experience more approachable to newcomers and connect
unique networks with more established EVM ecosystems

  * ![icon](/assets/home/integration.svg)

Flexible integration

Allbridge Core offers multiple integration options, enabling seamless access
to cross-chain stablecoin payments

## Allbridge ecosystem

![allbridge core icon](/assets/icons/core.svg)

### Allbridge Core

Cross-chain stablecoin swap

[Discover Core](/core)[Swap
now](https://core.allbridge.io/)[](https://core.allbridge.io/)

![allbridge classic icon](/assets/icons/classic.svg)

### Allbridge Classic

Versatile bridging solution

[Discover Classic](/classic)[Bridge
now](https://app.allbridge.io/)[](https://app.allbridge.io/)

## Ecosystem reports

![icon](/assets/reports/allbridge-public_2.0.svg)

Allbridge Public Reports

These are monthly reports created by the Allbridge team that cover the key
milestones, achievements, and metrics for every month.

[Go to the report](https://docs.allbridge.io/allbridge-
overview/reports)![icon](/assets/reports/messari-core_2.0.svg)

Messari: Allbridge Core

“Allbridge: Stablecoin Bridging, Unwrapped” gives an overview of Allbridge
Core. Messari is the leading provider of crypto market intelligence products.

[Go to the report](https://messari.io/report/allbridge-stablecoin-bridging-
unwrapped?referrer=category:all-research)![icon](/assets/reports/messari-
allbridge-classic_2.0.svg)

Messari: Allbridge Classic

“From Burning Bridges to Allbridges” report was published by Messari - the
leading provider of crypto market intelligence products.

[Go to the report](https://messari.io/report/from-burning-bridges-to-
allbridges)![icon](/assets/reports/quarkslab-core_2.0.svg)

Quarkslab: Allbridge Core

Quarkslab audited our Soroban implementation for Allbridge Core. Learn more
about their findings in the report summary.

[Go to the report](/assets/docs/reports/24-01-1500-REP-Allbridge Soroban
Bridge-v1.2.pdf)![icon](/assets/reports/quarkslab-estrella_2.0.svg)

Quarkslab:  
Estrela

A new collaboration with the Quarkslab team on Estrela, an AMM built on
Soroban. Access the report to find out more about the security findings.

[Go to the report](/assets/docs/reports/24-03-1573-REP-Allbridge-Estrela-
Review-V1.1.pdf)![icon](/assets/reports/kudelski-core_2.0.svg)

Kudelski Security: Allbridge Core

We've collaborated with Kudelski Security to perform the security audit of
Allbridge Core. Access the full report summary for details.

[Go to the report](https://kudelskisecurity.com/wp-content/uploads/Stable-
Bridge-Secure-Code-Review-v3.1-public-
redacted-1.pdf)![icon](/assets/reports/kudelski-classic_2.0.svg)

Kudelski Security: Allbridge Classic

Kudelski Security is a premier cybersecurity provider that has audited
Allbridge. Find out the audit summary in Kudelski's report.

[Go to the report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1geBAoT0iuLy3s7EnlUBDKfXr-
BwZWpHZ/view)![icon](/assets/reports/cossack-labs-classic_2.0.svg)

Cossack Labs: Allbridge Classic

Cossack Labs is an experienced cybersecurity company that has audited
Allbridge. More details are available in the executive summary.

[Go to the
report](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1PV5MN6L5FGCLYEUnLa8D5LI4Ev5157EX/view?usp=sharing)

### Our partners

  * [![Race Capital icon](/assets/partners/Race Capital.png)Race Capital ](https://race.capital/)
  * [![Solana icon](/assets/partners/Solana.png)Solana ](https://solana.com/)
  * [![Wormhole icon](/assets/partners/Wormhole.svg)Wormhole ](https://wormhole.com/)
  * [![Stellar icon](/assets/partners/Stellar.svg)Stellar ](https://stellar.org/)
  * [![NEAR icon](/assets/partners/NEAR.png)NEAR ](https://near.org/)
  * [![Celo icon](/assets/partners/Celo.png)Celo ](https://celo.org/)

  * [![Race Capital icon](/assets/partners/Race Capital.png)Race Capital ](https://race.capital/)
  * [![Solana icon](/assets/partners/Solana.png)Solana ](https://solana.com/)
  * [![Wormhole icon](/assets/partners/Wormhole.svg)Wormhole ](https://wormhole.com/)
  * [![Stellar icon](/assets/partners/Stellar.svg)Stellar ](https://stellar.org/)
  * [![NEAR icon](/assets/partners/NEAR.png)NEAR ](https://near.org/)
  * [![Celo icon](/assets/partners/Celo.png)Celo ](https://celo.org/)

  * [![Aurora icon](/assets/partners/Aurora.png)Aurora ](https://aurora.dev/)
  * [![XRPL Ledger icon](/assets/partners/XRP Ledger.png)XRPL Ledger ](https://xrpl.org/index.html)
  * [![Klaytn icon](/assets/partners/klaytn.svg)Klaytn ](https://klaytn.foundation/)
  * [![Harmony icon](/assets/partners/Harmony.svg)Harmony ](https://www.harmony.one/)
  * [![Fuse icon](/assets/partners/fuse-2.svg)Fuse ](https://fuse.io/)
  * [![Tezos icon](/assets/partners/Tezos.svg)Tezos ](https://tezos.com/)

  * [![Aurora icon](/assets/partners/Aurora.png)Aurora ](https://aurora.dev/)
  * [![XRPL Ledger icon](/assets/partners/XRP Ledger.png)XRPL Ledger ](https://xrpl.org/index.html)
  * [![Klaytn icon](/assets/partners/klaytn.svg)Klaytn ](https://klaytn.foundation/)
  * [![Harmony icon](/assets/partners/Harmony.svg)Harmony ](https://www.harmony.one/)
  * [![Fuse icon](/assets/partners/fuse-2.svg)Fuse ](https://fuse.io/)
  * [![Tezos icon](/assets/partners/Tezos.svg)Tezos ](https://tezos.com/)

  * [![Hacken icon](/assets/partners/Hacken.png)Hacken ](https://hacken.io/)
  * [![Orca icon](/assets/partners/Orca.png)Orca ](https://www.orca.so/)
  * [![Jupiter icon](/assets/partners/Jupiter.png)Jupiter ](https://jup.ag/)
  * [![Marinade icon](/assets/partners/Marinade.svg)Marinade ](https://marinade.finance/)
  * [![Aldrin icon](/assets/partners/Aldrin.svg)Aldrin ](https://aldrin.com/)
  * [![QuickSwap icon](/assets/partners/Quickswap.png)QuickSwap ](https://quickswap.exchange/#/swap)

  * [![Hacken icon](/assets/partners/Hacken.png)Hacken ](https://hacken.io/)
  * [![Orca icon](/assets/partners/Orca.png)Orca ](https://www.orca.so/)
  * [![Jupiter icon](/assets/partners/Jupiter.png)Jupiter ](https://jup.ag/)
  * [![Marinade icon](/assets/partners/Marinade.svg)Marinade ](https://marinade.finance/)
  * [![Aldrin icon](/assets/partners/Aldrin.svg)Aldrin ](https://aldrin.com/)
  * [![QuickSwap icon](/assets/partners/Quickswap.png)QuickSwap ](https://quickswap.exchange/#/swap)

  * [![ApeSwap icon](/assets/partners/Apeswap.png)ApeSwap ](https://app.apeswap.finance/swap)
  * [![SpiritSwap icon](/assets/partners/SpiritSwap.png)SpiritSwap ](https://www.spiritswap.finance/)
  * [![Beethoven icon](/assets/partners/BeethovenX.png)Beethoven ](https://www.beets.fi/)
  * [![Ubeswap icon](/assets/partners/Ubeswap.png)Ubeswap ](https://ubeswap.org/)
  * [![Mobius icon](/assets/partners/Mobius.png)Mobius ](https://www.mobius.money/#/swap)
  * [![ExNetwork icon](/assets/partners/ExNetwork.png)ExNetwork ](https://exnetworkcapital.com/)

  * [![ApeSwap icon](/assets/partners/Apeswap.png)ApeSwap ](https://app.apeswap.finance/swap)
  * [![SpiritSwap icon](/assets/partners/SpiritSwap.png)SpiritSwap ](https://www.spiritswap.finance/)
  * [![Beethoven icon](/assets/partners/BeethovenX.png)Beethoven ](https://www.beets.fi/)
  * [![Ubeswap icon](/assets/partners/Ubeswap.png)Ubeswap ](https://ubeswap.org/)
  * [![Mobius icon](/assets/partners/Mobius.png)Mobius ](https://www.mobius.money/#/swap)
  * [![ExNetwork icon](/assets/partners/ExNetwork.png)ExNetwork ](https://exnetworkcapital.com/)

  * [![HAPI icon](/assets/partners/HAPI.png)HAPI ](https://www.hapi.one/)
  * [![TriSolaris icon](/assets/partners/TriSolaris.png)TriSolaris ](https://www.trisolaris.io/#/swap)
  * [![Rose icon](/assets/partners/Rose.png)Rose ](https://app.rose.fi/#/)
  * [![SmartPad icon](/assets/partners/SmartPad.png)SmartPad ](https://smartpad.network/)
  * [![QuipuSwap icon](/assets/partners/QuipuSwap.png)QuipuSwap ](https://quipuswap.com/swap)
  * [![Sologenic icon](/assets/partners/Sologenic.png)Sologenic ](https://www.sologenic.com/)

  * [![HAPI icon](/assets/partners/HAPI.png)HAPI ](https://www.hapi.one/)
  * [![TriSolaris icon](/assets/partners/TriSolaris.png)TriSolaris ](https://www.trisolaris.io/#/swap)
  * [![Rose icon](/assets/partners/Rose.png)Rose ](https://app.rose.fi/#/)
  * [![SmartPad icon](/assets/partners/SmartPad.png)SmartPad ](https://smartpad.network/)
  * [![QuipuSwap icon](/assets/partners/QuipuSwap.png)QuipuSwap ](https://quipuswap.com/swap)
  * [![Sologenic icon](/assets/partners/Sologenic.png)Sologenic ](https://www.sologenic.com/)

## Get in touch

[Contact us](mailto: collaboration@allbridge.io)

![icon](/assets/reach-out.svg)

## Our socials

[![discord](/assets/socials/discord.svg)](https://discord.com/invite/ASuPY8d3E6)[![telegram](/assets/socials/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/allbridge_official)[![twitter](/assets/socials/twitter.svg)](https://twitter.com/Allbridge_io)[![medium](/assets/socials/medium.svg)](https://allbridge.medium.com/)[![reddit](/assets/socials/reddit.svg)](https://www.reddit.com/r/allbridge/)

![allbridge logo](/assets/icons/allbridge.svg)

Need assistance?[](https://discord.com/invite/ASuPY8d3E6)[](mailto:
support@allbridge.io)

[Disclaimer](/assets/docs/Allbridge%20-%20Disclaimer.pdf)[Privacy And GDPR
Policy](/assets/docs/Allbridge%20-%20Privacy%20and%20GDPR%20Policy.pdf)[Terms
And
Conditions](/assets/docs/Allbridge%20-%20Terms%20and%20Conditions.pdf)[Cookies
Policy](/assets/docs/Allbridge%20-%20Cookies%20Policy.pdf)[Bug
Bounty](https://hackenproof.com/allbridge/allbridge)

Copyright © 2024 All rights reserved. Allbridge

