Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Navigating the Future of Digital Asset Custody – Insights from DA Week
London

  *  __ November 30, 2023
  *  __6 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-the-future-of-digital-asset-custody-insights-from-da-week-london%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-the-future-of-digital-asset-custody-insights-from-da-week-london%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

The rapidly evolving landscape of digital assets demands innovative custodial
solutions. This was the central theme at DAWL23’s panel discussion, “What is
the Winning Formula for a Custodial Solution?” Moderated by Nadine Teychenne,
Global Head of Digital Assets Securities Services at Citi, the session brought
together industry leaders: Tony Ashraf from Blackrock, Shannon Kurtas from
Kraken, Adrien Treccani from Metaco, and Mark Mayerfeld from GK8. Their
insights painted a picture of an industry at the crossroads of traditional
finance and the digital frontier.

**The Custodial Landscape: Challenges and Opportunities**

The panelists opened the dialogue by underlining custody’s foundational role
in the digital asset ecosystem, emphasizing the importance of traditional
providers in this space.

Metaco’s recent partnership announcements with
[HSBC](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/) and [DZ Bank](https://www.metaco.com/blog/dz-bank-goes-live-custody-
harmonize/) in particular serve as a powerful testament to the proactive and
collaborative environment shaping the tokenization space. These initiatives
are indicative of the growing appetite among traditional banks to adapt to the
emerging reality of digital assets, demonstrating a keen awareness of the
evolving financial landscape and the need to integrate innovative custodial
solutions.

Adrien Treccani stressed that custody in the realm of digital assets is
inherently a technological and cybersecurity challenge, as these assets are
backed by cryptography. This requires not just infrastructure and security
measures but also integration into existing processes and governance
structures.

  * **Security at the Forefront:** The discussion delved into the technological and cybersecurity intricacies of digital asset custody. Treccani highlighted the critical role of cryptography in asset security and emphasized the integration challenges with traditional banking infrastructures and the indispensable nature of offline cold storage in mitigating cyber and reputational risks.
  * **Self-Custody Complexities:** The complexity of self-custody for banks, which involves managing keys, governance, compliance, and potentially insuring assets, suggests that self-custody may not be suitable for all financial institutions.
  * **Key Management Approaches:** different approaches to key management were highlighted, including centralized key storage with low attack surfaces and decentralized access using technologies like multi-party computation, suggesting a possible combination of these methods for enhanced security.   
  
See more on the topic in the [MPC and HSM for Key Management Part 1:
Demystifying Technology Options for Digital Asset
Custod](https://www.metaco.com/blog/mpc-and-hsm-for-key-management-
part-1-demystifying-technology-options-for-digital-asset-custody/)y blog.

**The Regulatory Puzzle**

Regulation was a central theme, with the panelists addressing the
inconsistencies and fragmentation in global custody regulations. Their
insights suggested a trend towards more regulated and segregated custody
models, emphasizing the necessity for legal entity separation and client
segregation. The regulatory requirements for key material in various
jurisdictions, such as the UAE, Thailand, and Turkey, were highlighted.

  * **Key Material and On-Premise Requirements**  
In these jurisdictions, a notable requirement is the mandate for key material
associated with digital assets to be stored locally, on-premise. This need to
have – the critical data used to secure and access digital assets – physically
present within the country’s borders aligns with a broader global trend
towards data sovereignty and heightened security protocols in the financial
sector.

  * **Flexible Implementation and Hybrid Models  
**The panelist further noted the flexibility in implementing these
regulations, suggesting the potential for hybrid models in digital asset
custody. This approach might involve scenarios where a portion of the private
keys – crucial for accessing the digital assets – are managed by external
vendors, while still adhering to the local regulatory framework. Such models
indicate a growing recognition of the need to balance regulatory compliance
with practical operational efficiencies in the realm of digital custody.  

  * **Implications for Global Custody Practices  
**The discussion around these specific regulatory requirements in the UAE,
Thailand, and Turkey provides valuable insight into the evolving global
landscape of digital asset custody. As different countries establish their
frameworks, entities operating in the digital asset space must navigate a
complex tapestry of local and international regulations. This scenario calls
for adaptable and secure custody solutions that can comply with diverse
regulatory demands while ensuring the safe management of digital assets.

  * **Looking Towards the Future  
**The panelist’s suggestion that the United States’ Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) might eventually adopt similar regulatory frameworks
indicates a possible trend towards more stringent and localized control over
digital asset key material. Such developments could significantly impact how
digital asset custody is structured globally, emphasizing the need for robust,
compliant, and flexible custody solutions.

**Interoperability and the Future of Tokenization  
**

The challenge of connecting to multiple private permissioned blockchains was
raised, stressing the need for interoperability to normalize access for
institutional investors. The panelists agreed on the role of custody in
enabling value-added services and the tokenization of assets, despite
acknowledging it as one of the less exciting aspects of the financial stack.

**Custodians and Communication: The Ecosystem Approach**

The discussion rounded off with a focus on the need for custodians to
communicate effectively to maintain regulatory exemptions in digital asset
transfers. This aspect highlighted the complexity of managing assets across
multiple chains and the necessity of an ecosystem-based approach.

The key takeaway of the panel was clear: the future of digital asset custody
will be shaped by a blend of technological innovation, regulatory clarity, and
industry collaboration. As digital assets continue to carve their niche in the
financial world, these insights from leading industry figures provide valuable
guidance on navigating this complex and dynamic landscape.

Excerpt of Adrien Treccani, CEO at Metaco on stage at Digital Assets Week
London 2023, during the panel 'What is the Winning Formula for a Custodial
Solution?'.

## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Adrien Treccani at DAWL23: What is the Winning Formula for a Custodial
Solution?](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6JB-6Py3J8)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6JB-6Py3J8&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 1:42•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6JB-6Py3J8 "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G6JB-6Py3J8), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

