Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple

Ripple’s [acquisition of Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/metaco-
joins-ripple/) was a seminal moment for the company, manifesting our belief in
the digital asset future and further cementing our leadership position in
blockchain infrastructure solutions. The move underscores our long-time
commitment to offering the critical infrastructure that financial institutions
need in order to leverage blockchain technology to drive innovation.

  * __ February 29, 2024
  *  __3 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fbuilding-digital-asset-future-with-ripple%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fbuilding-digital-asset-future-with-ripple%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### **Preparing for the Token Economy with Digital Asset Custody**

Ripple’s vision is to build the [Internet of
Value](https://ripple.com/company/) – enabling the world to move value as
seamlessly as information does today. And custody is an integral component of
that vision. Without it, financial institutions, investors, and consumers
cannot use tokenized assets or move, manage and tokenize value in a safe,
secure, scalable and compliant way.

Given the [growing breadth and importance of digital
assets](https://www.pwchk.com/en/press-room/press-
releases/pr-110723.html)—from stablecoins and CBDCs to tokenized real-world
assets (RWAs) like stocks, bonds, commodities, real estate and more—market
participants require custody in order to unlock access to these new asset
classes and the broader token economy. If digital assets are the vehicles,
then custody is the road that paves the way and enables the industry to get
from point A to point B.

Since inception, our team has been hard at work developing mission-critical,
institutional-grade digital asset custody capabilities to build tomorrow’s
market infrastructure, alongside global custodian clients. Not just another
wallet provider, we enable you to not only securely hold but also manage your
digital assets – from trading, to staking, to settling and beyond – in
sophisticated and compliant ways.

Ripple is fully committed to accelerating the development of that solution:
from [hiring](https://ripple.com/careers/) engineers, developers, sales and
product leaders across the globe, to injecting additional resources into
product development and doubling down on improving and enhancing the customer
experience.

With additional human, capital and technical resources now available, the
future is extremely bright for our [custody
software](https://ripple.com/insights/ripple-takes-on-the-crypto-custody-
market-with-metaco/) customers, and the broader blockchain and digital asset
industry at large.

#### **Ushering in a New Era of Financial Services**

The digital asset space is constantly evolving, as is the underlying
blockchain technology that powers these assets. With over a decade of
experience working with blockchain and alongside global institutions, Ripple
is uniquely poised and well-positioned to catalyze on custody’s growing
momentum and success.

Custody is a natural fit and an important addition to Ripple’s solutions – one
that bridges crypto with traditional finance for greater operational
efficiency, digital asset market access, secure storage, risk management,
transaction security and more. And this next wave of innovation comes on the
heels of exciting new custody partnerships with [Zodia
Custody](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/)
and top-tier banks like [HSBC](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-
metaco-digital-asset-custody/) and [BBVA](https://www.metaco.com/press-
release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-institutional-harmonize/).

For those looking for a digital asset custody solution provider; the software
infrastructure to custody client assets; or the opportunity to open new
revenue streams and boost customer engagement; the time to explore digital
asset management and crypto custody is now.

To learn more about Ripple, visit [ripple.com](https://ripple.com/).

## To learn more about **the convergence of digital assets and traditional
finance**

[ Download our latest whitepaper](https://www.metaco.com/whitepaper/dlt-from-
pilots-to-applications/ "Download our latest whitepaper")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

