[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ how to stake... ](/blog/how-to-stake-and-delegate-eigen-on-eigenlayer-a-stepbystep-guide)

#  How to Stake and Delegate EIGEN on EigenLayer: a Step-by-Step Guide

22 May 2024

7 min read

EIGEN

EigenLayer

Staking Guide

7 min read

Article content

What is EIGEN?

EIGEN Staking and Delegation

Why Stake EIGEN?

How To Stake EIGEN?

How to delegate EIGEN?

Why delegate to Everstake?

Conclusion

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

[EigenLayer](EigenLayer) is a protocol built on Ethereum that introduces
restaking, a new primitive in cryptoeconomic security. This primitive enables
the reuse of ETH on the consensus layer. Users who stake ETH natively or with
a liquid staking token (LST) can opt-in to EigenLayer smart contracts to
restake their ETH or LST and extend cryptoeconomic security to additional
applications on the network to earn additional rewards.

In this guide, we will explain how the EIGEN token works and walk you through
the steps of staking and delegating EIGEN tokens on EigenLayer.

## What is EIGEN?

EIGEN is a novel token designed to expand the capabilities of decentralized
systems by addressing intersubjective faults and enabling the creation of new,
innovative applications. It is currently in a meta-setup phase, where the
community is actively involved in shaping its future development.

EIGEN aims to address "intersubjective" faults in decentralized systems, which
are faults where there's broad agreement among observers but not
mathematically provable. It works by utilizing "slashing-by-forking," where a
challenger can create a fork of the token if they believe most stakers are
behaving maliciously. If the community agrees, the malicious stakers are
slashed in the new fork, losing their value.

EIGEN introduces four new features compared to previous token forking
mechanisms:

  * **Universality:** Designed to be used across any application in EigenLayer.
  * **Isolation:** Utilizes a two-token system to prevent forking from affecting applications that don't support it.
  * **Metering:** Requires a bond for challenges to deter malicious actors.
  * **Compensation:** Ensures AVSs can slash malicious stake and redistribute it to users.

EIGEN staking and ETH restaking can complement each other in a delegation
system. ETH restaking is used for safety properties, while EIGEN staking
addresses liveness and censorship resistance.

EIGEN enables the creation of new Active Validated Services (AVSs) on Ethereum
with strong cryptoeconomic security, such as oracles, data availability
layers, databases, and more.

Please read an [EIGEN overview](https://www.blog.eigenlayer.xyz/eigen/) for
more detailed information about the EIGEN token.

## EIGEN Staking and Delegation

Staking EIGEN enables you to secure Actively Validated Services (AVSs) on
EigenLayer, complementing ETH restaking by addressing different network
faults. Presently, you can stake EIGEN to secure only EigenDA, a high-
performance data availability system for Ethereum rollups. In the near future,
additional AVS options will be available for staking.

[Everstake](https://everstake.one/) is proud to be one of the trusted
operators of the EigenDA active operator set accepting EIGEN delegation. By
choosing Everstake, users can ensure their tokens are managed by a reliable
and experienced validator.

## Why Stake EIGEN?

Staking EIGEN tokens offers several benefits, including:

  * **Network security:** By staking, users help secure AVSs.
  * **Rewards:** Earn rewards for participating in the network's validation process.
  * **Support decentralization:** Contributing to a more decentralized and robust ecosystem.

For detailed information, visit the [EigenFoundation
FAQ](https://docs.eigenfoundation.org/faq/staking) on staking.

## How To Stake EIGEN?

  * To get started, you have to obtain EIGEN. If you are eligible to claim it on the [EigenLayer website](https://claims.eigenfoundation.org/), you can participate in staking and delegation.
  * After obtaining EIGEN, go to the [EigenLayer app](https://app.eigenlayer.xyz/) and hit **Connect Wallet**. You can choose from [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/), [Coinbase Wallet](https://www.coinbase.com/wallet), [OKX Wallet](https://www.okx.com/web3), or [Wallet Connect](https://walletconnect.com/). 

![HOW TO STAKE AND DELEGATE EIGEN ON EIGENLAYER 9](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/051e1223-7b9e-4cb8-b19e-1484690a7eb8.webp)

  

  * Select **Restake** on the upper panel. You'll see several options: liquid staking tokens, native restaking of your staked ETH, and EIGEN staking.

![HOW TO STAKE AND DELEGATE EIGEN ON EIGENLAYER 10](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/8536c4f1-d755-4415-8244-3126d85bb2db.webp)

Hit **EIGEN** for depositing and unstaking.

  * Specify the amount of EIGEN you wish to stake. Сheck everything is correct (including the address), hit **Deposit** , and then confirm and sign the transaction.

![undefined](https://blog-api.everstake.one/assets/385fdc3d-8b3a-42c8-95bd-
ed5bfb913a7b.webp)

  * Once the transaction is successful, you’ll see a pop-up message in the lower right corner of the screen confirming the deposit was successful. 

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/58de5a96-ad36-476e-a3a8-0a9c92c64c2b.webp)

  * You will see a deposited EIGEN balance updated and a **DELEGATE** button appear.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/9a407545-c53f-4aa3-9ab2-8fddd2e4fe27.webp)

## How to delegate EIGEN?

  * Go to the **Operator** tab in the header of the screen. Among all the options in the list, choose delegation with Everstake. Type Everstake in the search bar or go directly to our [profile on EigenLayer](https://app.eigenlayer.xyz/operator/0xe483c7f156b25da9be6220049e5111bb41c4c535).

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/08b8c68d-9cae-4c80-8e46-10da70f70bdc.webp)

  * Press **Manage** as shown in the screenshot above, and then hit **Delegate** in the right-hand section (your staked EIGEN balance will automatically be visible there).

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/50856815-db77-4195-b3bd-c7755ec287a7.webp)

  * The only thing left is to approve and sign the transaction in your wallet. Afterward, you can control your stake from the **Dashboard** or **Restake** tab.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/8d08ae8c-b125-41e9-8fd2-e7f3888980da.webp)

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/0c985ec5-8959-48f4-a9a6-0c6856dd10af.webp)

## Why delegate to Everstake?

Everstake is a top-rated node operator that performs validation processes for
EigenLayer ecosystems, servicing multiple AVSs. We support AltLayer MACH,
Automata Multi-Prover AVS, Brevis coChain AVS, EigenDA, Eoracle, Lagrange
State Committees, Omni Network, Witness Chain, Xterio Mach and DODOchain MACH
(both powered by AltLayer).

This selection resulted from deep research and modeling on AVSs main
parameters by our R&D department, including risk level assessment and economic
sustainability. This comprehensive evaluation ensures that the selected AVSs
meet the reliability, security, and performance criteria to fulfill our
staker's interests.

Everstake has received the status of a Verified Operator from Staking Rewards.
We are serving more than 735 thousand users over 70 blockchains, delivering
industry-leading performance in terms of speed and security.

Thanks to our impressive track record as a multi-chain validator, Everstake
has had zero slashing events on Ethereum, developed the first non-custodial
non-liquid pooling solution for Ethereum, and created numerous infrastructural
services for other blockchains like Solana and Cosmos.

With Everstake you will get the best service managed by experienced and
seasoned professional teams to provide some of the best conditions currently
in the crypto market today.

## Conclusion

Staking and delegating EIGEN on EigenLayer significantly advances
cryptoeconomic security and decentralization. Users contribute to the
network's robustness and resilience by participating in this innovative
process while earning rewards. EIGEN’s unique features, such as slashing-by-
forking and dual-token system, offer enhanced security and fault tolerance
across various applications.

Following the detailed steps in this guide, you can easily stake and delegate
your EIGEN tokens, thereby supporting the growth of Active Validated Services
(AVSs) like EigenDA. Partnering with a trusted operator like Everstake ensures
your tokens are managed reliably, maximizing security and rewards.

As the platform matures and more AVSs adopt the technologies, the
possibilities of staking for the initial stakers will increase. Everstake
supports any initiative by providing such staking services to all AVSs on
EigenLayer.

EigenLayer currently offers restaking for 12 LSTs, and Everstake oversees
delegation in each. Learn more about these LSTs, including dedicated how-to
guides, [via this link](https://everstake.one/blog/how-to-restake-and-
delegate-origins-lst-on-eigenlayer-a-stepbystep-guide).

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

