[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ about ](/about)

#  About  
Everstake

Everstake is a responsible validator trusted by **735K+** users across **70+**
blockchain networks. Created by engineers for the entire community in 2018

chat with us

$1 394 432 381+

staked value

39 292

RPC endpoints

4 210

validator nodes

99.9%

uptime

our

mission

[More about our products ](/products)

our

History

![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)

#### Sergii Vasylchuk

CEO & Founder

Everstake’s mission is to make financial empowerment through staking
accessible to everyone. With profound expertise and unwavering dedication to
decentralization, we pave the way for our users to cultivate lasting financial
growth and empower them to make informed staking decisions through our
extensive knowledge base.

Everstake is not only a staking provider but a trusted advisor and developer
of innovative staking solutions and beyond. Our pursuit of continuous
improvement and world-class practices ensure that both our individual and
corporate customers remain ahead of the game.  
  
With Everstake, your success is our shared legacy.

01

#### The very beginning

The project began as an attempt to launch a crypto exchange, but it soon
became apparent that it wasn’t even remotely as romantic and punk rock as
staking. Exchanges started looking stale and conservative as banks, with the
added risks of compliance and custody. This prompted us to move to work with
**PoS blockchains as a block producer** — first on EOS, but other blockchains
soon followed.

02

#### Growth & co-developing projects

The company’s growth prompted the creation of separate teams dedicated to each
blockchain. They included community managers, DevOps, and R&D specialists
focused on ensuring nearly **100% uptime** and bringing more value to the
community. At the same time, the company was heavily involved in co-developing
projects like Metaplex. This focus on benefiting the community and the
partners helped our company **expand and grow into what it is now**.

03

#### But what is it now?

Today, Everstake is a self-funded, profitable business employing **125+
people** , running over **8,000 nodes** for **70+ blockchain protocols** ,
including bridges and oracles. We create liquid staking products and invest in
promising blockchain startups in early phases via Everstake Capital. Among
**25+ success stories** of such investments are Solana, Wormhole, Metaplex,
Pyth, The Graph, and more. Finally, in partnership with Ukraine’s Ministry of
Digital Transformation, Everstake co-initiated **Aid For Ukraine** , a highly
successful charitable organization that raised over $60M for the benefit of
Ukraine after the war broke out.

our

mission

Everstake’s mission is to make financial empowerment through staking
accessible to everyone. With profound expertise and unwavering dedication to
decentralization, we pave the way for our users to cultivate lasting financial
growth and empower them to make informed staking decisions through our
extensive knowledge base.

Everstake is not only a staking provider but a trusted advisor and developer
of innovative staking solutions and beyond. Our pursuit of continuous
improvement and world-class practices ensure that both our individual and
corporate customers remain ahead of the game.  
  
With Everstake, your success is our shared legacy.

[More about our products ](/products)

our

history

01

#### The very beginning

The project began as an attempt to launch a crypto exchange, but it soon
became apparent that it wasn’t even remotely as romantic and punk rock as
staking. Exchanges started looking stale and conservative as banks, with the
added risks of compliance and custody. This prompted us to move to work with
**PoS blockchains as a block producer** — first on EOS, but other blockchains
soon followed.

![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)

#### Sergii Vasylchuk

CEO & Founder

02

#### Growth & co-developing projects

The company’s growth prompted the creation of separate teams dedicated to each
blockchain. They included community managers, DevOps, and R&D specialists
focused on ensuring nearly **100% uptime** and bringing more value to the
community. At the same time, the company was heavily involved in co-developing
projects like Metaplex. This focus on benefiting the community and the
partners helped our company **expand and grow into what it is now**.

03

#### But what is it now?

Today, Everstake is a self-funded, profitable business employing **125+
people** , running over **8,000 nodes** for **70+ blockchain protocols** ,
including bridges and oracles. We create liquid staking products and invest in
promising blockchain startups in early phases via Everstake Capital. Among
**25+ success stories** of such investments are Solana, Wormhole, Metaplex,
Pyth, The Graph, and more. Finally, in partnership with Ukraine’s Ministry of
Digital Transformation, Everstake co-initiated **Aid For Ukraine** , a highly
successful charitable organization that raised over $60M for the benefit of
Ukraine after the war broke out.

# our team

We value decentralization most of all, and we work accordingly. Our team is
distributed worldwide and, thanks to that, is always available. DevOps
engineers, R&D specialists, community managers, and seasoned blockchain
professionals — **we all work together to ensure Web3 becomes the backbone of
tomorrow’s global economy and beyond for the benefit of everyone.**

128

people currently onboard

![Part Everstake Team](/_nuxt/img/part-everstake-team.a0209f6.webp)

![All Everstake Team](/_nuxt/img/all-team.b1237c3.webp)

![Everstake Team](/_nuxt/img/team.8c8ab27.webp)

![Part Everstake Team](/_nuxt/img/part-everstake-team.a0209f6.webp)

![All Everstake Team](/_nuxt/img/all-team.b1237c3.webp)

![Everstake Team](/_nuxt/img/team.8c8ab27.webp)

## We are hiring! Become a part of the everstake team

Check our job opportunities

We were hiring when things in the market were bullish, and we didn’t stop
hiring when the tables turned. It’s not too late to join a soon-to-be unicorn
company, so don’t hesitate to contact us.

[See our job openings ](https://djinni.co/jobs/?company=everstake-48e45)

Positive work environment

Remote work

Flexible hours

Company-paid education

Positive work environment

Remote work

Flexible hours

Company-paid education

## Media about Everstake

“Everstake, has been in the validation business for almost five years. And
while our revenue model heavily relies on incentivizing people to stake their
crypto, seeing that some of them don’t really understand what staking is has
always been quite disheartening for me.”

“Cryptocurrency has been the best way for Ukrainians to donate since the
government instituted martial law on Feb. 24, limiting their ability to send
or receive funds, said Sergey Vasylchuk, chief executive of Kyiv-based crypto
firm Everstake.”

“Ukraine has launched a crypto donations website. The initiative, dubbed Aid
for Ukraine, is a collaboration between staking service Everstake and
Ukraine.”

“As far as I can see from other cryptocurrency businesses, first, they lay off
those overpaid and then those who are paid little but do even less. Middle
developers are a much rarer victim of layoffs.”

“In crypto, I must say everyone should have expected a bear market to come
upon us. Sooner or later, it would happen, inevitable as winter. Those who
were euphoric during the bull run and weren’t preparing paid a huge price for
having their heads in the clouds.”

“Aid for Ukraine, which has the backing of staking platform Everstake and
Ukraine’s Kuna exchange, will route donated crypto to the National Bank of
Ukraine. Ukraine’s crypto-savvy Ministry of Digital Transformation is also
involved.”

“Mykhailo Fedorov teamed up with Ukrainian blockchain company Everstake to
release a video seeking additional crypto donations from the world. The video
titled “Invest In Peace Bro.”

## Media about Everstake

“Everstake, has been in the validation business for almost five years. And
while our revenue model heavily relies on incentivizing people to stake their
crypto, seeing that some of them don’t really understand what staking is has
always been quite disheartening for me.”

“Cryptocurrency has been the best way for Ukrainians to donate since the
government instituted martial law on Feb. 24, limiting their ability to send
or receive funds, said Sergey Vasylchuk, chief executive of Kyiv-based crypto
firm Everstake.”

“Ukraine has launched a crypto donations website. The initiative, dubbed Aid
for Ukraine, is a collaboration between staking service Everstake and
Ukraine.”

“As far as I can see from other cryptocurrency businesses, first, they lay off
those overpaid and then those who are paid little but do even less. Middle
developers are a much rarer victim of layoffs.”

“In crypto, I must say everyone should have expected a bear market to come
upon us. Sooner or later, it would happen, inevitable as winter. Those who
were euphoric during the bull run and weren’t preparing paid a huge price for
having their heads in the clouds.”

“Aid for Ukraine, which has the backing of staking platform Everstake and
Ukraine’s Kuna exchange, will route donated crypto to the National Bank of
Ukraine. Ukraine’s crypto-savvy Ministry of Digital Transformation is also
involved.”

“Mykhailo Fedorov teamed up with Ukrainian blockchain company Everstake to
release a video seeking additional crypto donations from the world. The video
titled “Invest In Peace Bro.”

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

