Buy AURY $ 0.00

Sol/Usd $ 0.00

Aury/Usd $ 0.00

[Buy AURY >](https://app.aurory.io/buy-aury)

[![Aurory
Logo](data:image/png;base64,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)](/)

[Marketplace](https://app.aurory.io/marketplace)

More ![more
menu](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTIiIGhlaWdodD0iOCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDEyIDgiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+CjxwYXRoIGQ9Ik0xIDEuNUw2IDYuNUwxMSAxLjUiIHN0cm9rZT0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMiIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

[Patch Notes](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-patch-notes/)

[FAQ](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-faqs/)

[Whitepaper](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-whitepaper/)

[About Us](/about-us/)

[Game Dashboard ![navigate to game
dashboard](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTQiIGhlaWdodD0iMTQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAxNCAxNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTEuMTY2NjMgNy4wMDAzM0gxMi44MzMzTTEyLjgzMzMgNy4wMDAzM0w2Ljk5OTk2IDEuMTY2OTlNMTIuODMzMyA3LjAwMDMzTDYuOTk5OTYgMTIuODMzNyIgc3Ryb2tlPSJ3aGl0ZSIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIyIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiLz4KPC9zdmc+Cg==)](https://app.aurory.io/)

Privacy Policy

**Effective date: November 15th, 2022**

Aurory Project (us, we, or our) operates the website. This page informs you of
our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data
when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.
We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you
agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy
Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

I.INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to
provide and improve our Service to you.

If you do not use (log in to) the service for two years all your personal data
will be deleted.

Types of Data Collected:

1\. Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally
identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (Personal
Data). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
Email address Cookies and Usage Data

2\. Usage Data

We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our
Service or when you access the Service by or through a mobile device (Usage
Data).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computers Internet
Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages
of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent
on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access the Service by or through a mobile device, this Usage Data may
include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile
device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating
system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers
and other diagnostic data.

3\. Tracking Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our
Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous
unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored
on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts
to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a
cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be
able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service. Preference
Cookies. We use Preference

II. USE OF DATA

Aurory Project uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain the Service To notify you about changes to our Service
To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you
choose to do so To provide customer care and support To provide analysis or
valuable information so that we can improve the Service To monitor the usage
of the Service To detect, prevent and address technical issues III. TRANSFER
OF DATA Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to â
and maintained on â computers located outside of your state, province,
country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may
differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to
us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United
States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such
information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Aurory Project will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your
data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no
transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country
unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your
data and other personal information

IV. DISCLOSURE OF DATA

Legal Requirements Aurory Project may disclose your Personal Data in the good
faith belief that such action is necessary to:

To comply with a legal obligation To protect and defend the rights or property
of Aurory Project To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection
with the Service To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the
public To protect against legal liability V. SECURITY OF DATA The security of
your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over
the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive
to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.

VI. SERVICE PROVIDERS

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service
("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform
Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these
tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other
purpose.

Analytics We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the
use of our Service.

VII. LINKS TO OTHER SITES

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If
you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's
site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you
visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy
policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

VIII. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone
under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that
your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we
become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without
verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information
from our servers.

IX. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior
to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of
this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.
Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this
page.

X. CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

Email: support@aurory.io

If you would like to know what kind of information we are storing regarding
your user, please email GDPR@aurory.io and use the subject âSAR: userâ

If you would like your personal data deleted, please email GDPR@aurory.io and
use the subject: âDelete:Userâ

![](/static/footer-kitty-6e758857869cd8f821f131ba93df7e63.png)

[Whitepaper](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-
whitepaper/)[Support](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-faqs/support)[ About
Aurory](/about-us/)[ Patch Notes](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-patch-notes/)[
Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct/)

[](https://discord.gg/aurory-
project-836601552130801676)[](https://twitter.com/AuroryProject)[](https://aurory.substack.com/?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=web&utm_campaign=reader2&utm_source=%2Fsearch%2Faurory&utm_medium=reader2)[](https://t.me/aurory_project)[](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcJNmpgOE3CpqQls8UH1mRw)[](https://www.instagram.com/auroryproject/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Copyright 2024 By Aurory Project

[ Privacy](/privacy-policy/)[ Terms of Service](/terms-of-use/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTYiIGhlaWdodD0iMTciIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAxNiAxNyIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTggMTUuNTc4MVYxLjU3ODEyTTggMS41NzgxMkwxIDguNTc4MTJNOCAxLjU3ODEyTDE1IDguNTc4MTIiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzM0MzQzNCIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIyIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiLz4KPC9zdmc+Cg==)

