# Kraken is one of the most trusted names in crypto

Building a better kind of crypto experience for our clients

## Regulated

Kraken Financial holds a Special Purpose Depository Institution (SPDI) banking
license and is regulated by the Wyoming Division of Banking. Kraken Financial
operates under stringent regulatory oversight and is required to uphold strict
security, data protection, custody and safekeeping standards.

## Safe and sound

Security has always been Kraken's top priority. Kraken Financial is built on a
foundation of best-in-class digital security practices. SPDIs are required to
maintain full cash reserves, which means your cash won’t be lent out.

## A better bridge

Kraken’s mission is to promote the adoption of digital assets for financial
freedom. Kraken Financial will provide a better client experience with a more
seamless integration between crypto and tradfi.

## Qualified digital asset custody for institutions, with a difference

### Pioneering secure and regulated custody solutions

As a state-chartered bank, Kraken Financial offers the safety and security our
clients expect from a regulated financial institution. Your digital assets are
protected by advanced encryption and security protocols at all times. Fully
segregated from Kraken exchange and always available for withdrawal.

### Complete this form to download a brochure

Company name *

Country of business *

​

Service in Washington and New York State is unavailable

First name *

Last name *

Business email *

Type of business *

​

Assets under management *

​

Submit

###

## Kraken Financial

Frequently asked questions

  1. ### What is Kraken Financial?

Kraken Financial is a Special Purpose Depository Institution (SPDI) chartered
and headquartered in Wyoming, USA. Pursuant to Wyoming law, an SPDI is a bank
that receives deposits and conducts other incidental banking activities,
including custody, asset servicing, asset management, and other banking
services.

* * *

  2. ### Why Kraken Financial?

Kraken Financial is building the bridge between traditional finance and
digital assets. It will provide many of the elements clients expect from a
traditional bank with connectivity to the digital asset ecosystem, furthering
Kraken’s mission to accelerate the global adoption of digital assets so that
everyone can achieve financial freedom and inclusion.

The charter for Kraken Financial enables it to serve clients with the safety
and security they expect from a regulated financial institution. Kraken
Financial is proudly built on a foundation of industry-leading security
practices and attentive client service.



* * *

  3. ### Is Kraken Financial FDIC-insured?

Deposits at Kraken Financial are not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (FDIC). However, Wyoming law requires all fiat deposits held by an
SPDI to be fully reserved.

* * *

  4. ### What does fully-reserved mean?

Kraken Financial is required — at all times — to have client deposits of
currency (only fiat and not digital assets) backed by 100% or more of USD cash
and/or high-quality liquid assets. This means that fiat deposits will be held
in cash or invested in the least risky, most liquid cash equivalents.

* * *

  5. ### What can Kraken Financial do for clients?

Kraken Financial will initially service institutional clients in certain U.S.
states. Eligible institutions may be able to obtain fiat deposit accounts and
participate in Kraken Financial’s qualified [custody](/institutions/custody)
solution for digital assets. We will offer digital asset custody and fiat
deposit accounts for institutional clients at launch. Kraken Financial will be
fully online and have 24/7/365 client support.

* * *

  6. ### When will Kraken Financial open?

Kraken Financial completed its final launch milestones in March 2024. We will
offer digital asset [custody](/institutions/custody) and fiat deposit accounts
for certain institutional clients at launch.

* * *

  7. ### Is Kraken Financial regulated?

Yes. Kraken Financial is subject to supervision and examination by the Wyoming
Division of Banking. The Wyoming State Banking Board granted Kraken Financial
an SPDI bank charter in 2020.

* * *

  8. ### Will Kraken Financial have physical branches?

No, Kraken Financial will serve all clients via its online portal. Client
support services will be available 24/7/365.

* * *

  9. ### Can I open a bank account with Kraken Financial?

After creating a relationship with Kraken, institutional clients will have an
opportunity to apply for an account at Kraken Financial. Kraken Financial will
be expanding its product offerings in the future and we will provide
additional information as it becomes available.

In the meantime, you can visit [](/sign-up) to create your Kraken trading
account if you don’t have one yet.

* * *

  10. ### Are Kraken Financial assets segregated from Kraken assets? 

Kraken Financial assets are completely segregated from Kraken exchange assets.
Each entity maintains separate accounts to hold their respective digital and
fiat assets. Client digital assets held in custody are segregated from both
Kraken Financial’s assets as well as the Kraken exchange assets.

* * *

  11. ### Who owns and runs Kraken Financial?

Kraken Financial is a wholly owned subsidiary of Payward Inc. (dba Kraken).
Kraken Financial is led by a board of directors and a senior management team
with experience in digital assets and traditional finance.

* * *

  12. ### What is the difference between having my assets in “custody” with a digital asset exchange vs. “qualified custody” with Kraken Financial?

Some institutional clients are required to maintain assets with a “qualified
custodian.” Kraken Financial is a state-chartered, regulated bank in Wyoming
and also meets the definition of a qualified custodian under the Custody Rule
of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Only certain entities are
eligible to serve as qualified custodians.

* * *

  13. ### Are digital assets held in hot or cold storage?

All digital assets held in [custody](/institutions/custody) by Kraken
Financial are held through a proprietary solution which utilizes hardware
security modules (HSM) and multiple layers of security.

* * *

  14. ### What is MPC?  

Multi-party computation (MPC) is a modern cryptography technique to generate a
set of private key shares without needing to re-assemble the key material in
one place. MPC mitigates the risk of a single point of failure.

Kraken Financial’s [custody](/institutions/custody) product uses a combination
of specialized hardware to generate the private keys and a layer of MPC on top
to safely distribute permissions to perform actions on those private keys.

* * *

  15. ### Which digital assets can I custody with Kraken Financial?  

Currently, Kraken Financial’s [custody](/institutions/custody) solution
supports BTC, ETH, and USDC (ERC-20). Broader asset support will be routinely
considered by Kraken Financial.

* * *

  16. ### How long does it take to move digital assets in and out of custody?  

This varies and depends on several factors related to the particular
blockchain, block confirmation times, safety of confirmed block depth and
other considerations.

* * *

  17. ### How does a client access and manage their digital assets held in custody at Kraken Financial?

Kraken Financial clients will be given authorized access to their own custody
vaults where they can manage their digital assets through a separate user
interface. Custody vaults are only available via the web, and clients will
establish two-factor authentication (2FA) and approval quorums during the
onboarding process.

* * *

  18. ###  Can I stake funds or trade funds held in custody with Kraken Financial?

Digital assets held in custody by Kraken Financial are not currently available
for staking or trading. [Custody](/institutions/custody) clients can withdraw
assets to the Kraken exchange to gain access to trading services.

* * *

  19. ### Are APIs available for interacting with the Kraken Financial custody products?  

APIs are not currently available for managing digital assets held in custody
with Kraken Financial.

* * *

  20. ### Can I access Kraken Financial’s custody platform on mobile?

Kraken Financial’s [custody](/institutions/custody) product will initially
only be available via a web browser with a user interface that is optimized
for desktop.

* * *

  21. ###  Is Kraken Financial audited?

Yes. Kraken Financial is required to undergo audits regularly, and will
produce annual audited financial statements. In addition to audits, Kraken
Financial is subject to safety and soundness examinations by the Wyoming
Division of Banking.

* * *

  22. ### How would a Kraken Financial bankruptcy affect my funds and assets?

Digital assets are held in your name in your own custodial account and can be
verified on the blockchain. In the unlikely event that Kraken Financial
experiences distress or fails, the Commissioner of the Wyoming Division of
Banking may take certain steps to protect customers, including administering a
liquidation proceeding to resolve the institution’s affairs.  In such a
proceeding, assets held in a custodial account may not be a source of payment
for unrelated claims of creditors when certain criteria are met.

* * *

**Important:**  
_Services are provided by Kraken Financial, a Wyoming-chartered Special
Purpose Depository Institution._  
_Kraken Financial is not an FDIC-insured bank and deposits are neither insured
by nor subject to the protections of the FDIC._

This page is for informational purposes only. Forward-looking statements,
including product offerings, regulatory plans and business plans are subject
to change without notice.



© 2020-2024 Payward Financial, Inc.  NMLS ID #2429615        [Privacy
Notice](https://custody.kraken.com/legal/privacy)       [Terms of
Service](https://custody.kraken.com/legal)



