Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

# [![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/img_header01-1.png?x88149)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/img_header02-3.png?x88149)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/img_header03.png?x88149)

# The institutional standard for **digital asset services**

Launch large-scale digital asset capabilities with our  
mission-critical custody infrastructure.

[Gain a competitive edge](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Gain a
competitive edge")

Building the Future

## Metaco is now**  
part of Ripple**

Discover how we are ushering in the next wave of financial services – powered
by digital asset custody.

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-
ripple/ "Learn more")

![Ripple and Metaco logos](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/ripple-metaco-2.png?x88149)

## **Proven solutions**  
for financial service providers and corporates

Enterprise-ready packages for multiple digital asset use cases.

Why Metaco

  * ### Global Custodians

Seamlessly integrate digital asset custody and orchestration capabilities into
your existing infrastructure, embedded into your current technological,
operating and servicing models.

[](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/ "Global
custodians and top-tier banks")![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/target-audiance-a-v3-2-2-487x640.png?x88149)

  * ### Universal Banks

Expand your business model and meet client demand for exposure to new asset
classes, whether you serve individuals or institutions.

[](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/private-universal-banks/ "Universal
Banks")

### Neobanks and Fintechs

Build new revenue streams and increase margins by adding crypto accounts,
trading, staking and other digital asset capabilities.

[](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/ "The blueprint for
tailored security at scale in digital asset management")

  * ### Regulated Exchanges

Scale your digital asset business and engage into tokenization without trade-
offs between security, compliance and operational efficiency.

[](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/ "Regulated
exchanges")

### Corporates

Future-proof your business by transforming everything from financing, treasury
to customer products and services.

[](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/ "Corporates & Web3 Companies")

Metaco Harmonize

## **The digital asset core system** with banking roots

Build and scale advanced capabilities in the regulated digital asset industry.

[Discover the platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/ "Discover
the platform")

## Why do institutions **love Metaco?**

  * __

### **Security & Compliance**

✓ Ultimate level of private key protection  
✓ Scalable governance across all operations  
✓ Sole control over data and processes

  * __

### **Agility & Flexibility**

✓ Modular and open architecture  
✓ API-first model for deep integration  
✓ Flexible target deployment models

  * __

### **Connectivity & Networks**

✓ Support for all relevant ledgers and tokens  
✓ Direct access to exchanges, custodians  
✓ Advanced use cases with Web3 and NFTs

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/jean_marc_stenger.jpg?x88149)

1/8

 ____

Testimonials

“Bridging the digital asset industry and traditional finance requires a
multifaceted approach incorporating institutional-grade technology,
regulation, as well as industrial capacities. By **partnering with Metaco** ,
SG – FORGE will be able to leverage their secure infrastructure to ensure that
we have a solid foundation to grow our digital asset market activities.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/sg-
forge-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Jean-Marc Stenger

CEO at Societe Generale - FORGE

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/societe-generale-forge-
partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-institutional-digital-assets-capabilities/
"Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/wh.png?x88149)

2/8

 ____

Testimonials

“This partnership represents a new milestone for us, allowing us to build a
multi-asset, multi-provider platform which will offer full connectivity across
traditional and digital assets. Our objective is to offer our clients a single
view of all these different types of assets for complete transparency, greater
operational efficiency and risk management.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/bp.png?x88149)

Wayne Hughes

Head of Digital Assets, BNP Securities Services

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bnp-paribas-securities-
services-selects-metaco-to-develop-digital-assets-custody-capabilities/ "Learn
more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/silvia_ibarra.jpeg?x88149)

3/8

 ____

Testimonials

“Leveraging **Metaco’s platform** fully integrated into our core banking
system, BBVA Switzerland and BBVA NewGen enables its private banking clients
to combine traditional financial assets with digital assets with the utmost
security. This awarded service would not have been possible without this
technology, which turned it all into reality.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/bbva-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Silvia Ibarra

Head of Client Solutions at BBVA Switzerland

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/thebanker-bbva-metaco/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/andreas-sack-deka.jpg?x88149)

4/8

 ____

Testimonials

“Our extensive due diligence process clearly pointed out that **Metaco
Harmonize** brings an unparalleled value proposition. It fits our ambition to
build a highly secure, infrastructure- and asset-agnostic architecture model.
Our operations will be independent, scalable and secure. As a result, we have
laid the foundation for the assets of the future.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/dekabank-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Andreas Sack

Head of Digital Assets Custody and Infrastructure, DekaBank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dekabank-technology-
partnership-metaco/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/nils-christopeit-dz-bank.png?x88149)

5/8

 ____

Testimonials

“Our requirements around security, scalability and future-proofness of our
digital asset custody initiative were highly complex, and **Metaco Harmonize**
proved to be the only solution fit for purpose and able to support our target
operating model. With the offering we can build by leveraging this technology,
we can create long-lasting competitive advantage”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/dz-
bank-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Nils Christopeit

Lead Solution Design Digital Custody, DZ BANK

[Learn More](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dzbank-metaco-strategic-
cooperation-digitalasset-custody-tokenization/ "Learn More")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/maxime_de_guillebon-640x640.jpeg?x88149)

6/8

 ____

Testimonials

“Zodia’s collaboration with Metaco allows us to safeguard and manage crypto
assets for institutions. **Metaco Harmonize** allows us to co-innovate and
build on top of a secure, flexible and modular platform, providing Zodia with
an agile infrastructure equally fit for the regulations and conditions
currently in place, but also for any possible future ones.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/zodia-
custody-300x150-1.png?x88149)

Maxime de Guillebon

CEO at Zodia Custody, by Standard Chartered

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/talks/combining-traditional-custody-
expertise-with-fintech-agility-w-maxime-de-guillebon-ceo-of-zodia-custody/
"Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/marcel-fleisch-vp-bank.png?x88149)

7/8

 ____

Testimonials

“By **partnering with Metaco** to offer a secure and scalable platform to
tokenize and custody all types of financial, digital and real-world assets, we
take a new major step towards building VP Bank’s foundation of the future. We
enjoyed a really excellent cooperation during the project, which delivered a
highly automated, secure and fully integrated solution, an industry standard
that guarantees us stability and lays the foundation for us to be able to
continue developing successfully for our customers.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/vp-bank-logo.png?x88149)

Marcel Fleisch

Chief Product Officer at VP Bank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/vp-bank-digital-asset-
custody-tokenization/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/togg-ceo.jpg?x88149)

8/8

 ____

Testimonials

“We are designing an open mobility ecosystem that is interconnected and
interoperable with others, such as smart home and smart city ecosystems.
Blockchain-enabled digital tokens allow data and other assets to be stored and
transferred in a fast, secure, and green way. By leveraging **technology from
Metaco** , we make this possible, and take another step forward in redefining
the global mobility ecosystem.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/togg-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Gürcan Karakaş

CEO at Togg

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/togg-partners-metaco-
mobility-ecosystem-blockchain-nfts/ "Learn more")

## **Find out more about Harmonize** and what it brings to your business

[Explore the platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/ "Explore the
platform")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/background_illustration_1.png?x88149)

## **Discover** our articles,  
podcasts and more

  * ### Press releases

[Explore all press releases](https://www.metaco.com/resources/media-coverage-
press-releases/ "Explore all press releases")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

  * ### Metaco Talks

[Explore all podcasts](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/ "Explore all
podcasts")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

  * ### Webinars

[Explore all webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/cultures/ "Explore all
webinars")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/04-leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

November 30, 2023

### [Navigating the Legal Terrain around Staking Services in
Switzerland](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/navigating-the-legal-terrain-
around-staking-services-in-switzerland/ "Navigating the Legal Terrain around
Staking Services in Switzerland")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/18-cryptos-in-banking_-what-does-it-take-to-build-a-secure-and-resilient-digital-asset-management-platform_-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

April 28, 2023

### [Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco
Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/tokenized-securities-german-market-
epwg-dfine/ "Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco Harmonize™")

    * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/16-information-security-and-digital-assets_-priorities-and-challenges-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

January 17, 2023### [Best practices around security, governance and
compliance](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/best-practices-security-governance-
compliance/ "Best practices around security, governance and compliance")

## **Make it happen**

Start leveraging the power of digital assets.

[Request a meeting with an expert](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request a
meeting with an expert")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

