  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Web3](/blog?category=Web3)  >  [Crypto Gaming
Tokens: Explained](/blog/crypto-gaming-tokens-explained)

##### Web3

# Crypto Gaming Tokens: Explained

Published on: May 13, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Crypto Gaming Tokens?**
  * **How Crypto Gaming Tokens Integrate with Web3 Games**
  * **Top 5 Crypto Gaming Tokens**
  * **How to Buy Crypto Gaming Tokens Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Learn about the world of crypto gaming tokens. Explore how they integrate into
gaming ecosystems they are a part of.

![Crypto Gaming Tokens: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_gaming_tokens_explained_12ebb62d82.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Crypto gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-gaming) has gained
widespread attention over the last few years. This new era of gaming
emphasizes player ownership and control over in-game assets. Behind Web3
gaming lies crypto gaming tokens. Crypto gaming tokens are digital assets that
serve various purposes within these blockchain-powered games.

This article explores the world of crypto gaming tokens, exploring how they
function and integrate into the complex Web3 gaming ecosystems. We'll also
share some insights into the top 5 crypto gaming tokens.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What are Crypto Gaming Tokens?

Crypto gaming tokens are digital assets built on blockchain technology. These
tokens are specifically tailored for use within [Web3
gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-gamefi) ecosystems. These gaming
tokens serve as a form of digital currency or utility token, enabling gamers
to engage in various activities within games. Some of these activities
include: purchasing virtual items, unlocking features, or participating in
decentralized gaming platforms.

Crypto gaming tokens offer unique advantages, unlike traditional in-game
currencies, which lock value within a specific game. Some of these advantages
include:

  * **Blockchain-based:** These tokens are built on blockchain networks like Ethereum or Binance Smart Chain, leveraging the security, transparency, and immutability of distributed ledger technology.

  * **Ownership:** Players own their tokens. They are free to store their tokens in a [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto) and potentially trade them on external marketplaces.

  * **Utility:** Crypto gaming tokens can fulfill various functions or purposes, depending on the game's design.

### Before You Get Started

Before you [explore crypto gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-
gamefi) tokens in more detail, it’s important to remember that you can manage
various gaming tokens using Trust Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can [install the Trust
Wallet Extension](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-Extension) for your desktop
browser.

![crypto-gaming-tokens-explained-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_gaming_tokens_explained_1_900c2eb680.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How Crypto Gaming Tokens Integrate with Web3 Games

Crypto gaming tokens are the lifeblood of
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-web3) gaming economies. Gaming
tokens create a dynamic ecosystem wherein players can participate and
potentially earn real-world value. These dynamic tokens enhance user
experiences within the crypto gaming ecosystems. Offering true ownership and
control over in-game assets, these tokens empower players to personalize their
gaming experiences by acquiring unique items and customizing their avatars.

[Web3 gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-gamefi) tokens also
introduce incentives and reward mechanisms, such as token airdrops and
staking. These enhance user retention and foster loyalty among players.
Additionally, the interoperability of many gaming tokens across different
platforms enables seamless cross-platform compatibility, allowing players to
use their assets across various games or transfer them to other players
effortlessly.

Traditional games often have closed economies with in-game currencies that
hold no value outside the game. Crypto gaming tokens break down this barrier
by creating an open economy. Gaming tokens revolutionize traditional models by
decentralizing in-game economies and introducing new avenues for value
creation. Players can:

  * **Earn tokens:** Players can earn crypto tokens through gameplay, completing quests, or participating in competitive events. This Play-To-Earn (P2E) model incentivizes active participation and creates a sense of ownership over earned rewards.

  * **Purchase in-game assets:** Players can use these tokens to purchase items, upgrades, or virtual land plots within the game. This creates a marketplace where players can customize their experience and invest in valuable digital assets.

  * **Trade tokens:** Unlike traditional in-game currencies, players can trade their earned crypto tokens on external marketplaces for other cryptocurrencies or even fiat money. This opens up the possibility of earning real-world income through skilled gameplay or strategic trading.

## Top 5 Crypto Gaming Tokens

The landscape of web3 gaming is teeming with innovative projects, each powered
by its own unique crypto token. These tokens serve as the lifeblood of these
in-game economies, allowing players to truly own their assets, participate in
governance, and earn real-world rewards. Let's look into the top 5 web3 gaming
tokens by market capitalization on CoinMarketCap. We’ll take a closer look at
their specific functionalities within their respective game ecosystems.

### Immutable X (IMX)

This token fuels the [Immutable X](https://trustwallet.com/immutable-wallet)
marketplace, a platform for trading NFTs from various web3 games, like Gods
Unchained and Guild of Guardians. [IMX
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/immutable-wallet) empower users to participate
in governance decisions and potentially benefit from the growth of the NFT
trading ecosystem.

### Floki Inu (FLOKI)

While not strictly focused on gaming yet, [Floki
Inu](https://trustwallet.com/floki-wallet) has a strong community presence and
partnerships with various Play-To-Earn games in development. The token's
roadmap includes potential integration with metaverse projects, hinting at
future gaming applications.

### Gala Games (GALA)

This token serves as the backbone of the [Gala Games
ecosystem](https://trustwallet.com/gala-wallet), a suite of blockchain-powered
games like Town Star and Galaxyland. [GALA](https://trustwallet.com/gala-
wallet) holders can earn rewards by playing these games or contributing to the
network by running Gala Nodes.

### Beam (BEAM)

This token isn't exclusive to gaming but is used in various projects,
including the recently launched Mechland, a tactical mech combat game.
[BEAM](https://trustwallet.com/beam-wallet) offers privacy-focused
transactions, which might be appealing to players who want a secure in-game
economy.

### MultiversX (EGLD)

[EGLD](https://trustwallet.com/multivers-wallet) is the native token of the
MultiversX (formerly Elrond) blockchain, known for its scalability and speed.
This makes the platform suitable for hosting fast-paced web3 games. While EGLD
itself isn't a dedicated gaming token, it's used as the in-game currency for
some Elrond-based games like holonmars, and It Isn't Rocket Science.

![crypto-gaming-tokens-explained-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_gaming_tokens_explained_3_8c03c5b204.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Buy Crypto Gaming Tokens Using Trust Wallet

You can easily [buy crypto gaming tokens](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto)
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired crypto gaming token and select it. We chose Immutable X (IMX) for this example.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of IMX you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![crypto-gaming-tokens-explained-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_gaming_tokens_explained_2_c0eba54114.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

