[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ chat gpt plugin ](/chat-gpt-plugin)

# Everstake Crypto AI Plugin: ChatGPT Extension for Staking Assistance

Power up your staking research and experiences with Everstake’s brand-new
plugin for ChatGPT 4. Your trusted staking consultant is now always at the
tips of your fingers.

![preview usage chat gpt plugin by everstake](/_nuxt/img/preview-
usage.1dbd945.webp)

## How Can the ChatGPT Plugin Assist You?

01

### Show APR  
for different blockchains in real-time

APR is often a fluctuating parameter, so knowing the current value is
paramount for making weighed staking decisions. With Everstake’s AI plugin,
you can always remain in the know and stay on top of things.

Here are some prompts to get you started

Compare the APR in Cosmos and Polygon

What is the current total staked amount and APY for Solana?

What is Cardano’s total stake at the moment?

Where can I stake Solana?

Provide me with the price of Ethereum over the past 7 days

03

### Provide guides and tips for staking

New to staking? Everstake’s crypto AI plugin has you covered. No matter what
questions you may have, rest assured that you’ll get all the answers you need.

Here are some prompts to get you started

How do I stake Klaytn?

What is the most secure way to stake Tezos?

What wallets should I use for ADA staking?

02

### Calculate staking profitability

Everstake’s crypto AI plugin always has access to the current and historical
data to calculate the profitability of your potential stake with immaculate
precision.

Here are some prompts to get you started

If I stake 100 ATOM today, how much will I have on New Year’s Eve of 2026?

Compare my Solana stake profitability with and without auto-compounding at the
current APR

What will be the profitability of a MATIC stake in 6 months?

Install PLUGIN

![Install Guide, Step 1](/_nuxt/img/step-1.254a570.webp)

### step 1

Go to the Plugin Store in the GPT 4 tab on the [OpenAI
website](https://stake.is/plugin-details).

INSTALL PLUGIN

### STEP 2

Type “Crypto staking bot” or just “Everstake” in the search bar in the upper
left corner of the plugin store menu.

![Install Guide, Step 2](/_nuxt/img/step-2.8821a0a.webp)

### STEP 3

Hit Install, and you’re in! Start enjoying the new staking experience with
Everstake’s AI plugin.

#  Introducing the Best AI Crypto Innovations with Everstake's ChatGPT Plugin

Everstake’s [ChatGPT plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-
optimal-staking) for staking is the bridge that seamlessly links AI and
cryptocurrency. If you're searching for a comprehensive service that utilizes
the power of ChatGPT in crypto coin management, look no further—this is the
[best ChatGPT](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking) app you can get.

##  ChatGPT Crypto: Bridging AI and Cryptocurrency

The **OpenAI chat GPT** opportunities open up an astonishingly vast world of
possibilities for crypto enthusiasts and seasoned professionals from the same
area. Specifically, **ChatGPT API** enables one to integrate artificial
intelligence algorithms with the functionality and ideology of blockchain
ecosystems, a merger that could prompt an overwhelming redefinition of the
entire technological landscape, constituting a true and utter disruption the
crypto community has been talking about for so long.

[ChatGPT plugins](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking) create a completely new interface for a human to experience
blockchain practices that previously required spending hours in search engines
and reading articles, white papers, and other long specimens of technical
documentation and specifications. AI crypto is what makes this work much
easier and simpler and leaves more time for humans to do their actual work in
the crypto space, engage in trading, start staking, and spend much less time
on research, analysis, and in-depth comparisons.

##  Benefits of Using AI in Cryptocurrency Trading and Analysis

Everstake engages in developing AI-based crypto products as we see
groundbreaking potential in the merger between artificial intelligence and
blockchain technologies. With the rise of AI crypto solutions, the
cryptocurrency is up for a whole new level of capabilities and reliability.

  * Automated Trading and Staking: AI algorithms can perform thousands of calculations in a split second, making them ideal for crypto trading and staking. 
  * Risk Management: The best AI crypto technologies can assess market risk, providing users with actionable insights. 
  * Data Security: AI can detect fraudulent activity, enhancing blockchain security measures. 
  * Efficiency: Automation and AI can significantly reduce human error, making blockchain technology more robust. 

These features make the drive for AI crypto solutions a fundamental trend in
the future development of blockchain tech.

##  AI Crypto Projects: How Does the Staking Plugin as a Service Work?

With [ChatGPT Crypto Plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-
optimal-staking), you have the power of AI and blockchain technologies at your
fingertips. The AI Staking Plugin-as-a-Service offers the [best ChatGPT
app](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking)
experience for crypto staking.

This service integrates AI algorithms into a user-friendly interface,
requiring no complicated setup. Just interact with the [ChatGPT
plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking), and
the AI takes care of the rest, making it an ideal solution for those new to
the crypto world or for experts looking to streamline their staking
strategies.

Let’s see how the [ChatGPT Crypto Plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-
crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking) by Everstake compares with a search engine when
it comes to searching specific staking-related data.

ChatGPT Crypto Plugin

Search engine

Provides APR data for the present moment

+

-

Tracks down total stake

+

-

Calculates staking profitability

+

-

Provides staking guides tailored to the needs of the user

+

-

Compares APR in different blockchains in real-time

+

-

The core distinguishing feature of Everstake’s [ChatGPT Crypto
Plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking) is
that it fetches actual blockchain data at the moment as provided by Everstake
and other data providers rather than relies on what third-party websites say
and which part of them is indexed by the search engine in question.

Note, however, that unless it covers specific numerical data retrieved by the
**[ChatGPT Crypto Plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-
optimal-staking) by Everstake**, artificial intelligence at its current phase
of evolution is still prone to make up answers that look quite convincing but
actually have nothing to do with actual facts whatsoever. This limitation is
important, so if you are dealing with a serious financial decision, using
**Everstake’s[ChatGPT Crypto Plugin](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-
ai-for-optimal-staking)** is not a silver bullet, and you must do proper
research to be absolutely sure and make a completely informed decision. In
addition, you must not share any sensitive information with the **chatbots**
operating as part of **OpenAI ChatGPT** or any other artificial intelligence-
driven **chatbots** since the conversations with them are not inherently
private and may be reviewed by third parties.

##  How to enhance your experience with ChatGPT Plugin by Everstake?

The more you work with the plugin, the better it will pick up answers. In
other words, you can train this [crypto AI](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-
crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking) plugin. In general, training the [ChatGPT
Crypto Plugin by Everstake](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-
optimal-staking) is not so much different from training any other digital
entity powered by artificial intelligence. The more you talk with it, the more
it can learn.

That being said, you must keep in mind that a string of requests has
limitations as to the maximum token usage in a prompt, i.e., its length. If
you maintain the same dialogue for long enough, the **AI chatbot’s** answers
will become less coherent and meaningful.

To rectify that problem, we recommend starting a new dialogue and directly
providing the older answers given by the [ChatGPT Crypto Plugin by
Everstake](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking) in
a dialogue to establish the context necessary for successful training. We also
strongly recommend visiting relevant GitHub topics to learn more about the
usage of tokens and other matters pertaining to training artificial
intelligence in general and the [ChatGPT Crypto Plugin by
Everstake](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking) in
particular.

##  AI and Blockchain Convergence: ChatGPT's Impact on the Future

**AI crypto projects** are still nascent, yet their popularity and a common
demand for their potential capabilities are surging, showcasing a substantial
shift in the interest of the general public as well as signifying a major
overhaul in the very concept of what a blockchain-based project should do and
be capable of.

**ChatGPT crypto** may seem a bit premature at this stage, given that few
projects are engaged in this emerging area of blockchain development. What is
clear, however, is that **ChatGPT** has ushered in a new evolutionary phase
for the blockchain industry, where blockchain and artificial intelligence are
going to merge, and this merger could bear fruit yet inconceivable:

  * The predictions vary greatly, but the overwhelming idea is that AI and blockchain will act as two basic pillars at the foundation of a completely new ecosystem that could underpin a new type of economy, especially considering the overwhelming shift in international relations that massively impacts and disrupts the usual supply chains. 
  * Blockchain-based economy, combined with the fact that artificial intelligence could drive the decision-making processes far beyond the extremes possible for mere human beings, could result in a fundamental breakthrough in how labor is processed, work is done, and products are supplied. 
  * Blockchain’s data processing efficiency and security, as well as the best AI crypto practices yet to be developed and commonly accepted and adopted, could lay the foundation for a technological singularity that has been one of the most widely discussed topics in futurology and science fiction for several decades. 

It is quite simple to enjoy the beginnings of these massive shifts even now
just by finding your [best ChatGPT app](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-
crypto-ai-for-optimal-staking) and making use of a **ChatGPT crypto plugin**
that allows you to get a hands-on experience with how artificial intelligence
handles blockchain data and how magnificently it can simplify your mundane or
daily interactions with cryptocurrencies, or blockchain-based services in
general.

To that end, ChatGPT crypto is your stepping stone towards a future that can
be completely different from our present or from what we even deem possible
for the days to come.

## faq

###  How to use the ChatGPT staking plugin?

+

To use the ChatGPT staking plugin, ensure you have the latest version of your
best ChatGPT app installed, or use the web interface of GPT 4 featuring the
[ChatGPT Crypto Plugin](https://stake.is/plugin-details). In the usual OpenAI
interface, start asking questions, making requests, or just engaging in a
friendly discussion with the solution powered by the latest achievements in
the crypto-AI area. Use the consultations provided by the AI crypto solution
to make the best staking decisions.

###  What is ChatGPT Crypto?

+

ChatGPT Crypto is an entire ecosystem of crypto projects that work in
conjunction with ChatGPT.

###  What is AI crypto?

+

AI crypto, or Artificial Intelligence crypto, refers to using machine learning
and advanced algorithms in cryptocurrency. The fusion of AI and crypto
technologies aims to solve complex problems, automate trading, simplify
staking, and make blockchain technology more efficient, secure, and
accessible.

###  How to ask the ChatGPT staking plugin by Everstake question?

+

ChatGPT smartly decides whether to reach a plugin or handle a user’s query
using its inherent knowledge. Just type in any question regarding the top
proof-of-chain blockchains you may be interested in and enjoy the new
knowledge approaching you most quickly and conveniently.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

