Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# JSON-RPC API

A

Last edit: [@Amit0617(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Amit0617), April
26, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Client implementations
  * Convenience Libraries
  * Consensus client APIs
  * Execution client spec
  * Conventions
    * Hex value encoding
    * Unformatted data
    * The default block parameter
  * Examples
  * Curl examples
  * Gossip, State, History
    * Gossip Methods
    * State Methods
    * History Methods
  * JSON-RPC API Playground
  * JSON-RPC API Methods
    * web3_clientVersion
    * web3_sha3
    * net_version
    * net_listening
    * net_peerCount
    * eth_protocolVersion
    * eth_syncing
    * eth_coinbase
    * eth_chainId
    * eth_mining
    * eth_hashrate
    * eth_gasPrice
    * eth_accounts
    * eth_blockNumber
    * eth_getBalance
    * eth_getStorageAt
    * eth_getTransactionCount
    * eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash
    * eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber
    * eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash
    * eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber
    * eth_getCode
    * eth_sign
    * eth_signTransaction
    * eth_sendTransaction
    * eth_sendRawTransaction
    * eth_call
    * eth_estimateGas
    * eth_getBlockByHash
    * eth_getBlockByNumber
    * eth_getTransactionByHash
    * eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex
    * eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex
    * eth_getTransactionReceipt
    * eth_getUncleByBlockHashAndIndex
    * eth_getUncleByBlockNumberAndIndex
    * eth_newFilter
    * eth_newBlockFilter
    * eth_newPendingTransactionFilter
    * eth_uninstallFilter
    * eth_getFilterChanges
    * eth_getFilterLogs
    * eth_getLogs
  * Usage Example
    * Deploying a contract using JSON_RPC
  * Related topics

In order for a software application to interact with the Ethereum blockchain -
either by reading blockchain data or sending transactions to the network - it
must connect to an Ethereum node.

For this purpose, every [Ethereum client](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-
clients/#execution-clients) implements a [JSON-RPC specification(opens in a
new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis), so there is a uniform
set of methods that applications can rely on regardless of the specific node
or client implementation.

[JSON-RPC(opens in a new tab)](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification) is a
stateless, light-weight remote procedure call (RPC) protocol. It defines
several data structures and the rules around their processing. It is transport
agnostic in that the concepts can be used within the same process, over
sockets, over HTTP, or in many various message passing environments. It uses
JSON (RFC 4627) as data format.

## Client implementations

Ethereum clients each may utilize different programming languages when
implementing the JSON-RPC specification. See individual [client
documentation](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#execution-clients) for
further details related to specific programming languages. We recommend
checking the documentation of each client for the latest API support
information.

## Convenience Libraries

While you may choose to interact directly with Ethereum clients via the JSON-
RPC API, there are often easier options for dapp developers. Many
[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/#available-libraries) and
[backend API](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/#available-libraries) libraries
exist to provide wrappers on top of the JSON-RPC API. With these libraries,
developers can write intuitive, one-line methods in the programming language
of their choice to initialize JSON-RPC requests (under the hood) that interact
with Ethereum.

## Consensus client APIs

This page deals mainly with the JSON-RPC API used by Ethereum execution
clients. However, consensus clients also have an RPC API that allows users to
query information about the node, request Beacon blocks, Beacon state, and
other consensus-related information directly from a node. This API is
documented on the [Beacon API webpage(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethereum.github.io/beacon-APIs/#/).

An internal API is also used for inter-client communication within a node -
that is, it enables the consensus client and execution client to swap data.
This is called the 'Engine API' and the specs are available on [GitHub(opens
in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-
apis/blob/main/src/engine/common.md).

## Execution client spec

[Read the full JSON-RPC API spec on GitHub(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/execution-apis).

## Conventions

### Hex value encoding

Two key data types get passed over JSON: unformatted byte arrays and
quantities. Both are passed with a hex encoding but with different
requirements for formatting.

#### Quantities

When encoding quantities (integers, numbers): encode as hex, prefix with "0x",
the most compact representation (slight exception: zero should be represented
as "0x0").

Here are some examples:

  * 0x41 (65 in decimal)
  * 0x400 (1024 in decimal)
  * WRONG: 0x (should always have at least one digit - zero is "0x0")
  * WRONG: 0x0400 (no leading zeroes allowed)
  * WRONG: ff (must be prefixed 0x)

### Unformatted data

When encoding unformatted data (byte arrays, account addresses, hashes,
bytecode arrays): encode as hex, prefix with "0x", two hex digits per byte.

Here are some examples:

  * 0x41 (size 1, "A")
  * 0x004200 (size 3, "0B0")
  * 0x (size 0, "")
  * WRONG: 0xf0f0f (must be even number of digits)
  * WRONG: 004200 (must be prefixed 0x)

### The default block parameter

The following methods have an extra default block parameter:

  * eth_getBalance
  * eth_getCode
  * eth_getTransactionCount
  * eth_getStorageAt
  * eth_call

When requests are made that act on the state of Ethereum, the last default
block parameter determines the height of the block.

The following options are possible for the defaultBlock parameter:

  * `HEX String` \- an integer block number
  * `String "earliest"` for the earliest/genesis block
  * `String "latest"` \- for the latest mined block
  * `String "safe"` \- for the latest safe head block
  * `String "finalized"` \- for the latest finalized block
  * `String "pending"` \- for the pending state/transactions

## Examples

On this page we provide examples of how to use individual JSON_RPC API
endpoints using the command line tool, [curl(opens in a new
tab)](https://curl.se). These individual endpoint examples are found below in
the Curl examples section. Further down the page, we also provide an end-to-
end example for compiling and deploying a smart contract using a Geth node,
the JSON_RPC API and curl.

## Curl examples

Examples of using the JSON_RPC API by making [curl(opens in a new
tab)](https://curl.se) requests to an Ethereum node are provided below. Each
example includes a description of the specific endpoint, its parameters,
return type, and a worked example of how it should be used.

The curl requests might return an error message relating to the content type.
This is because the `--data` option sets the content type to
`application/x-www-form-urlencoded`. If your node does complain about this,
manually set the header by placing `-H "Content-Type: application/json"` at
the start of the call. The examples also do not include the URL/IP & port
combination which must be the last argument given to curl (e.g.
`127.0.0.1:8545`). A complete curl request including these additional data
takes the following form:

    
    
    1curl -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"web3_clientVersion","params":[],"id":67}' 127.0.0.1:8545

## Gossip, State, History

A handful of core JSON-RPC methods require data from the Ethereum network, and
fall neatly into three main categories: _Gossip, State, and History_. Use the
links in these sections to jump to each method, or use the table of contents
to explore the whole list of methods.

### Gossip Methods

> These methods track the head of the chain. This is how transactions make
> their way around the network, find their way into blocks, and how clients
> find out about new blocks.

  * eth_blockNumber
  * eth_sendRawTransaction

### State Methods

> Methods that report the current state of all the data stored. The "state" is
> like one big shared piece of RAM, and includes account balances, contract
> data, and gas estimations.

  * eth_getBalance
  * eth_getStorageAt
  * eth_getTransactionCount
  * eth_getCode
  * eth_call
  * eth_estimateGas

### History Methods

> Fetches historical records of every block back to genesis. This is like one
> large append-only file, and includes all block headers, block bodies, uncle
> blocks, and transaction receipts.

  * eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash
  * eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber
  * eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash
  * eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber
  * eth_getBlockByHash
  * eth_getBlockByNumber
  * eth_getTransactionByHash
  * eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex
  * eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex
  * eth_getTransactionReceipt
  * eth_getUncleByBlockHashAndIndex
  * eth_getUncleByBlockNumberAndIndex

## JSON-RPC API Playground

You can use the [playground tool(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-json-
rpc.com) to discover and try out the API methods. It also shows you which
methods and networks are supported by various node providers.

## JSON-RPC API Methods

### web3_clientVersion

Returns the current client version.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`String` \- The current client version

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"web3_clientVersion","params":[],"id":67}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":67,
    
    6  "jsonrpc":"2.0",
    
    7  "result": "Geth/v1.12.1-stable/linux-amd64/go1.19.1"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### web3_sha3

Returns Keccak-256 (_not_ the standardized SHA3-256) of the given data.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA` \- The data to convert into a SHA3 hash

    
    
    1params: ["0x68656c6c6f20776f726c64"]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`DATA` \- The SHA3 result of the given string.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"web3_sha3","params":["0x68656c6c6f20776f726c64"],"id":64}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":64,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x47173285a8d7341e5e972fc677286384f802f8ef42a5ec5f03bbfa254cb01fad"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### net_version

Returns the current network id.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`String` \- The current network id.

The full list of current network IDs is available at [chainlist.org(opens in a
new tab)](https://chainlist.org). Some common ones are:

  * `1`: Ethereum Mainnet
  * `5`: Goerli testnet
  * `11155111`: Sepolia testnet

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"net_version","params":[],"id":67}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":67,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "3"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### net_listening

Returns `true` if client is actively listening for network connections.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`Boolean` \- `true` when listening, otherwise `false`.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"net_listening","params":[],"id":67}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":67,
    
    6  "jsonrpc":"2.0",
    
    7  "result":true
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### net_peerCount

Returns number of peers currently connected to the client.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the number of connected peers.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"net_peerCount","params":[],"id":74}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":74,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x2" // 2
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_protocolVersion

Returns the current Ethereum protocol version. Note that this method is [not
available in Geth(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/go-
ethereum/pull/22064#issuecomment-788682924).

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`String` \- The current Ethereum protocol version

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_protocolVersion","params":[],"id":67}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":67,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "54"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_syncing

Returns an object with data about the sync status or `false`.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

The precise return data varies between client implementations. All clients
return `False` when the node is not syncing, and all clients return the
following fields.

`Object|Boolean`, An object with sync status data or `FALSE`, when not
syncing:

  * `startingBlock`: `QUANTITY` \- The block at which the import started (will only be reset, after the sync reached his head)
  * `currentBlock`: `QUANTITY` \- The current block, same as eth_blockNumber
  * `highestBlock`: `QUANTITY` \- The estimated highest block

However, the individual clients may also provide additional data. For example
Geth returns the following:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    3  "id": 1,
    
    4  "result": {
    
    5    "currentBlock": "0x3cf522",
    
    6    "healedBytecodeBytes": "0x0",
    
    7    "healedBytecodes": "0x0",
    
    8    "healedTrienodes": "0x0",
    
    9    "healingBytecode": "0x0",
    
    10    "healingTrienodes": "0x0",
    
    11    "highestBlock": "0x3e0e41",
    
    12    "startingBlock": "0x3cbed5",
    
    13    "syncedAccountBytes": "0x0",
    
    14    "syncedAccounts": "0x0",
    
    15    "syncedBytecodeBytes": "0x0",
    
    16    "syncedBytecodes": "0x0",
    
    17    "syncedStorage": "0x0",
    
    18    "syncedStorageBytes": "0x0"
    
    19  }
    
    20}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Whereas Besu returns:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    3  "id": 51,
    
    4  "result": {
    
    5    "startingBlock": "0x0",
    
    6    "currentBlock": "0x1518",
    
    7    "highestBlock": "0x9567a3",
    
    8    "pulledStates": "0x203ca",
    
    9    "knownStates": "0x200636"
    
    10  }
    
    11}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Refer to the documentation for your specific client for more details.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_syncing","params":[],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": {
    
    8    startingBlock: '0x384',
    
    9    currentBlock: '0x386',
    
    10    highestBlock: '0x454'
    
    11  }
    
    12}
    
    13// Or when not syncing
    
    14{
    
    15  "id":1,
    
    16  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    17  "result": false
    
    18}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_coinbase

Returns the client coinbase address.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`DATA`, 20 bytes - the current coinbase address.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_coinbase","params":[],"id":64}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":64,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x407d73d8a49eeb85d32cf465507dd71d507100c1"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_chainId

Returns the chain ID used for signing replay-protected transactions.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`chainId`, hexadecimal value as a string representing the integer of the
current chain id.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_chainId","params":[],"id":67}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":67,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_mining

Returns `true` if client is actively mining new blocks. This can only return
`true` for proof-of-work networks and may not be available in some clients
since [The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/).

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`Boolean` \- returns `true` of the client is mining, otherwise `false`.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_mining","params":[],"id":71}'
    
    3//
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":71,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": true
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_hashrate

Returns the number of hashes per second that the node is mining with. This can
only return `true` for proof-of-work networks and may not be available in some
clients since [The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/).

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- number of hashes per second.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_hashrate","params":[],"id":71}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":71,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x38a"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_gasPrice

Returns an estimate of the current price per gas in wei. For example, the Besu
client examines the last 100 blocks and returns the median gas unit price by
default.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the current gas price in wei.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_gasPrice","params":[],"id":73}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":73,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1dfd14000" // 8049999872 Wei
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_accounts

Returns a list of addresses owned by client.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`Array of DATA`, 20 Bytes - addresses owned by the client.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_accounts","params":[],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": ["0x407d73d8a49eeb85d32cf465507dd71d507100c1"]
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_blockNumber

Returns the number of most recent block.

**Parameters**

None

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the current block number the client is on.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_blockNumber","params":[],"id":83}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":83,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x4b7" // 1207
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getBalance

Returns the balance of the account of given address.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address to check for balance.
  2. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"`, or `"finalized"`, see the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

    
    
    1params: ["0x407d73d8a49eeb85d32cf465507dd71d507100c1", "latest"]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the current balance in wei.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBalance","params":["0x407d73d8a49eeb85d32cf465507dd71d507100c1", "latest"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x0234c8a3397aab58" // 158972490234375000
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getStorageAt

Returns the value from a storage position at a given address.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address of the storage.
  2. `QUANTITY` \- integer of the position in the storage.
  3. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"`, `"finalized"`, see the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

**Returns**

`DATA` \- the value at this storage position.

**Example** Calculating the correct position depends on the storage to
retrieve. Consider the following contract deployed at
`0x295a70b2de5e3953354a6a8344e616ed314d7251` by address
`0x391694e7e0b0cce554cb130d723a9d27458f9298`.

    
    
    1contract Storage {
    
    2    uint pos0;
    
    3    mapping(address => uint) pos1;
    
    4    function Storage() {
    
    5        pos0 = 1234;
    
    6        pos1[msg.sender] = 5678;
    
    7    }
    
    8}

Retrieving the value of pos0 is straight forward:

    
    
    1curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "eth_getStorageAt", "params": ["0x295a70b2de5e3953354a6a8344e616ed314d7251", "0x0", "latest"], "id": 1}' localhost:8545
    
    2{"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":1,"result":"0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000004d2"}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Retrieving an element of the map is harder. The position of an element in the
map is calculated with:

    
    
    1keccak(LeftPad32(key, 0), LeftPad32(map position, 0))
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This means to retrieve the storage on
pos1["0x391694e7e0b0cce554cb130d723a9d27458f9298"] we need to calculate the
position with:

    
    
    1keccak(
    
    2  decodeHex(
    
    3    "000000000000000000000000391694e7e0b0cce554cb130d723a9d27458f9298" +
    
    4      "0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001"
    
    5  )
    
    6)
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

The geth console which comes with the web3 library can be used to make the
calculation:

    
    
    1> var key = "000000000000000000000000391694e7e0b0cce554cb130d723a9d27458f9298" + "0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000001"
    
    2undefined
    
    3> web3.sha3(key, {"encoding": "hex"})
    
    4"0x6661e9d6d8b923d5bbaab1b96e1dd51ff6ea2a93520fdc9eb75d059238b8c5e9"
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Now to fetch the storage:

    
    
    1curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0", "method": "eth_getStorageAt", "params": ["0x295a70b2de5e3953354a6a8344e616ed314d7251", "0x6661e9d6d8b923d5bbaab1b96e1dd51ff6ea2a93520fdc9eb75d059238b8c5e9", "latest"], "id": 1}' localhost:8545
    
    2{"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":1,"result":"0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000162e"}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getTransactionCount

Returns the number of transactions _sent_ from an address.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address.
  2. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, see the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0x407d73d8a49eeb85d32cf465507dd71d507100c1",
    
    3  "latest", // state at the latest block
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the number of transactions send from this address.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getTransactionCount","params":["0x407d73d8a49eeb85d32cf465507dd71d507100c1","latest"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1" // 1
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash

Returns the number of transactions in a block from a block matching the given
block hash.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of a block

    
    
    1params: ["0xb903239f8543d04b5dc1ba6579132b143087c68db1b2168786408fcbce568238"]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the number of transactions in this block.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash","params":["0xb903239f8543d04b5dc1ba6579132b143087c68db1b2168786408fcbce568238"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0xb" // 11
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber

Returns the number of transactions in a block matching the given block number.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer of a block number, or the string `"earliest"`, `"latest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, as in the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block).

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xe8", // 232
    
    3]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the number of transactions in this block.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber","params":["0xe8"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0xa" // 10
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash

Returns the number of uncles in a block from a block matching the given block
hash.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of a block

    
    
    1params: ["0xb903239f8543d04b5dc1ba6579132b143087c68db1b2168786408fcbce568238"]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the number of uncles in this block.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash","params":["0xb903239f8543d04b5dc1ba6579132b143087c68db1b2168786408fcbce568238"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1" // 1
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber

Returns the number of uncles in a block from a block matching the given block
number.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer of a block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, see the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xe8", // 232
    
    3]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- integer of the number of uncles in this block.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber","params":["0xe8"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1" // 1
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getCode

Returns code at a given address.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address
  2. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, see the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xa94f5374fce5edbc8e2a8697c15331677e6ebf0b",
    
    3  "0x2", // 2
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`DATA` \- the code from the given address.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getCode","params":["0xa94f5374fce5edbc8e2a8697c15331677e6ebf0b", "0x2"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x600160008035811a818181146012578301005b601b6001356025565b8060005260206000f25b600060078202905091905056"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_sign

The sign method calculates an Ethereum specific signature with:
`sign(keccak256("\x19Ethereum Signed Message:\n" + len(message) + message)))`.

By adding a prefix to the message makes the calculated signature recognizable
as an Ethereum specific signature. This prevents misuse where a malicious dapp
can sign arbitrary data (e.g. transaction) and use the signature to
impersonate the victim.

Note: the address to sign with must be unlocked.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address
  2. `DATA`, N Bytes - message to sign

**Returns**

`DATA`: Signature

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_sign","params":["0x9b2055d370f73ec7d8a03e965129118dc8f5bf83", "0xdeadbeaf"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0xa3f20717a250c2b0b729b7e5becbff67fdaef7e0699da4de7ca5895b02a170a12d887fd3b17bfdce3481f10bea41f45ba9f709d39ce8325427b57afcfc994cee1b"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_signTransaction

Signs a transaction that can be submitted to the network at a later time using
with eth_sendRawTransaction.

**Parameters**

  1. `Object` \- The transaction object

  * `type`:
  * `from`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - The address the transaction is sent from.
  * `to`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - (optional when creating new contract) The address the transaction is directed to.
  * `gas`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional, default: 90000) Integer of the gas provided for the transaction execution. It will return unused gas.
  * `gasPrice`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional, default: To-Be-Determined) Integer of the gasPrice used for each paid gas, in Wei.
  * `value`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of the value sent with this transaction, in Wei.
  * `data`: `DATA` \- The compiled code of a contract OR the hash of the invoked method signature and encoded parameters.
  * `nonce`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of a nonce. This allows to overwrite your own pending transactions that use the same nonce.

**Returns**

`DATA`, The RLP-encoded transaction object signed by the specified account.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"id": 1,"jsonrpc": "2.0","method": "eth_signTransaction","params": [{"data":"0xd46e8dd67c5d32be8d46e8dd67c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f072445675058bb8eb970870f072445675","from": "0xb60e8dd61c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f07233155","gas": "0x76c0","gasPrice": "0x9184e72a000","to": "0xd46e8dd67c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f07244567","value": "0x9184e72a"}]}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5    "id": 1,
    
    6    "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7    "result": "0xa3f20717a250c2b0b729b7e5becbff67fdaef7e0699da4de7ca5895b02a170a12d887fd3b17bfdce3481f10bea41f45ba9f709d39ce8325427b57afcfc994cee1b"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_sendTransaction

Creates new message call transaction or a contract creation, if the data field
contains code, and signs it using the account specified in `from`.

**Parameters**

  1. `Object` \- The transaction object

  * `from`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - The address the transaction is sent from.
  * `to`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - (optional when creating new contract) The address the transaction is directed to.
  * `gas`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional, default: 90000) Integer of the gas provided for the transaction execution. It will return unused gas.
  * `gasPrice`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional, default: To-Be-Determined) Integer of the gasPrice used for each paid gas.
  * `value`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of the value sent with this transaction.
  * `input`: `DATA` \- The compiled code of a contract OR the hash of the invoked method signature and encoded parameters.
  * `nonce`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of a nonce. This allows to overwrite your own pending transactions that use the same nonce.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  {
    
    3    from: "0xb60e8dd61c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f07233155",
    
    4    to: "0xd46e8dd67c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f07244567",
    
    5    gas: "0x76c0", // 30400
    
    6    gasPrice: "0x9184e72a000", // 10000000000000
    
    7    value: "0x9184e72a", // 2441406250
    
    8    input:
    
    9      "0xd46e8dd67c5d32be8d46e8dd67c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f072445675058bb8eb970870f072445675",
    
    10  },
    
    11]
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`DATA`, 32 Bytes - the transaction hash, or the zero hash if the transaction
is not yet available.

Use eth_getTransactionReceipt to get the contract address, after the
transaction was mined, when you created a contract.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_sendTransaction","params":[{see above}],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0xe670ec64341771606e55d6b4ca35a1a6b75ee3d5145a99d05921026d1527331"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_sendRawTransaction

Creates new message call transaction or a contract creation for signed
transactions.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, The signed transaction data.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xd46e8dd67c5d32be8d46e8dd67c5d32be8058bb8eb970870f072445675058bb8eb970870f072445675",
    
    3]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`DATA`, 32 Bytes - the transaction hash, or the zero hash if the transaction
is not yet available.

Use eth_getTransactionReceipt to get the contract address, after the
transaction was mined, when you created a contract.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_sendRawTransaction","params":[{see above}],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0xe670ec64341771606e55d6b4ca35a1a6b75ee3d5145a99d05921026d1527331"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_call

Executes a new message call immediately without creating a transaction on the
block chain. Often used for executing read-only smart contract functions, for
example the `balanceOf` for an ERC-20 contract.

**Parameters**

  1. `Object` \- The transaction call object

  * `from`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - (optional) The address the transaction is sent from.
  * `to`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - The address the transaction is directed to.
  * `gas`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of the gas provided for the transaction execution. eth_call consumes zero gas, but this parameter may be needed by some executions.
  * `gasPrice`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of the gasPrice used for each paid gas
  * `value`: `QUANTITY` \- (optional) Integer of the value sent with this transaction
  * `input`: `DATA` \- (optional) Hash of the method signature and encoded parameters. For details see [Ethereum Contract ABI in the Solidity documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html).

  2. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer block number, or the string `"latest"`, `"earliest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, see the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block)

**Returns**

`DATA` \- the return value of executed contract.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_call","params":[{see above}],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x"
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_estimateGas

Generates and returns an estimate of how much gas is necessary to allow the
transaction to complete. The transaction will not be added to the blockchain.
Note that the estimate may be significantly more than the amount of gas
actually used by the transaction, for a variety of reasons including EVM
mechanics and node performance.

**Parameters**

See eth_call parameters, except that all properties are optional. If no gas
limit is specified geth uses the block gas limit from the pending block as an
upper bound. As a result the returned estimate might not be enough to executed
the call/transaction when the amount of gas is higher than the pending block
gas limit.

**Returns**

`QUANTITY` \- the amount of gas used.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_estimateGas","params":[{see above}],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x5208" // 21000
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getBlockByHash

Returns information about a block by hash.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - Hash of a block.
  2. `Boolean` \- If `true` it returns the full transaction objects, if `false` only the hashes of the transactions.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xdc0818cf78f21a8e70579cb46a43643f78291264dda342ae31049421c82d21ae",
    
    3  false,
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`Object` \- A block object, or `null` when no block was found:

  * `number`: `QUANTITY` \- the block number. `null` when its pending block.
  * `hash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the block. `null` when its pending block.
  * `parentHash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the parent block.
  * `nonce`: `DATA`, 8 Bytes - hash of the generated proof-of-work. `null` when its pending block.
  * `sha3Uncles`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - SHA3 of the uncles data in the block.
  * `logsBloom`: `DATA`, 256 Bytes - the bloom filter for the logs of the block. `null` when its pending block.
  * `transactionsRoot`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - the root of the transaction trie of the block.
  * `stateRoot`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - the root of the final state trie of the block.
  * `receiptsRoot`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - the root of the receipts trie of the block.
  * `miner`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - the address of the beneficiary to whom the mining rewards were given.
  * `difficulty`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the difficulty for this block.
  * `totalDifficulty`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the total difficulty of the chain until this block.
  * `extraData`: `DATA` \- the "extra data" field of this block.
  * `size`: `QUANTITY` \- integer the size of this block in bytes.
  * `gasLimit`: `QUANTITY` \- the maximum gas allowed in this block.
  * `gasUsed`: `QUANTITY` \- the total used gas by all transactions in this block.
  * `timestamp`: `QUANTITY` \- the unix timestamp for when the block was collated.
  * `transactions`: `Array` \- Array of transaction objects, or 32 Bytes transaction hashes depending on the last given parameter.
  * `uncles`: `Array` \- Array of uncle hashes.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByHash","params":["0xdc0818cf78f21a8e70579cb46a43643f78291264dda342ae31049421c82d21ae", false],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5{
    
    6"jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7"id": 1,
    
    8"result": {
    
    9    "difficulty": "0x4ea3f27bc",
    
    10    "extraData": "0x476574682f4c5649562f76312e302e302f6c696e75782f676f312e342e32",
    
    11    "gasLimit": "0x1388",
    
    12    "gasUsed": "0x0",
    
    13    "hash": "0xdc0818cf78f21a8e70579cb46a43643f78291264dda342ae31049421c82d21ae",
    
    14    "logsBloom": "0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
    
    15    "miner": "0xbb7b8287f3f0a933474a79eae42cbca977791171",
    
    16    "mixHash": "0x4fffe9ae21f1c9e15207b1f472d5bbdd68c9595d461666602f2be20daf5e7843",
    
    17    "nonce": "0x689056015818adbe",
    
    18    "number": "0x1b4",
    
    19    "parentHash": "0xe99e022112df268087ea7eafaf4790497fd21dbeeb6bd7a1721df161a6657a54",
    
    20    "receiptsRoot": "0x56e81f171bcc55a6ff8345e692c0f86e5b48e01b996cadc001622fb5e363b421",
    
    21    "sha3Uncles": "0x1dcc4de8dec75d7aab85b567b6ccd41ad312451b948a7413f0a142fd40d49347",
    
    22    "size": "0x220",
    
    23    "stateRoot": "0xddc8b0234c2e0cad087c8b389aa7ef01f7d79b2570bccb77ce48648aa61c904d",
    
    24    "timestamp": "0x55ba467c",
    
    25    "totalDifficulty": "0x78ed983323d",
    
    26    "transactions": [
    
    27    ],
    
    28    "transactionsRoot": "0x56e81f171bcc55a6ff8345e692c0f86e5b48e01b996cadc001622fb5e363b421",
    
    29    "uncles": [
    
    30    ]
    
    31}
    
    32}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getBlockByNumber

Returns information about a block by block number.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- integer of a block number, or the string `"earliest"`, `"latest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, as in the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block).
  2. `Boolean` \- If `true` it returns the full transaction objects, if `false` only the hashes of the transactions.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0x1b4", // 436
    
    3  true,
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getBlockByHash

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBlockByNumber","params":["0x1b4", true],"id":1}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getBlockByHash

### eth_getTransactionByHash

Returns the information about a transaction requested by transaction hash.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of a transaction

    
    
    1params: ["0x88df016429689c079f3b2f6ad39fa052532c56795b733da78a91ebe6a713944b"]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns**

`Object` \- A transaction object, or `null` when no transaction was found:

  * `blockHash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the block where this transaction was in. `null` when its pending.
  * `blockNumber`: `QUANTITY` \- block number where this transaction was in. `null` when its pending.
  * `from`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address of the sender.
  * `gas`: `QUANTITY` \- gas provided by the sender.
  * `gasPrice`: `QUANTITY` \- gas price provided by the sender in Wei.
  * `hash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the transaction.
  * `input`: `DATA` \- the data send along with the transaction.
  * `nonce`: `QUANTITY` \- the number of transactions made by the sender prior to this one.
  * `to`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address of the receiver. `null` when its a contract creation transaction.
  * `transactionIndex`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the transactions index position in the block. `null` when its pending.
  * `value`: `QUANTITY` \- value transferred in Wei.
  * `v`: `QUANTITY` \- ECDSA recovery id
  * `r`: `QUANTITY` \- ECDSA signature r
  * `s`: `QUANTITY` \- ECDSA signature s

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getTransactionByHash","params":["0x88df016429689c079f3b2f6ad39fa052532c56795b733da78a91ebe6a713944b"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "jsonrpc":"2.0",
    
    6  "id":1,
    
    7  "result":{
    
    8    "blockHash":"0x1d59ff54b1eb26b013ce3cb5fc9dab3705b415a67127a003c3e61eb445bb8df2",
    
    9    "blockNumber":"0x5daf3b", // 6139707
    
    10    "from":"0xa7d9ddbe1f17865597fbd27ec712455208b6b76d",
    
    11    "gas":"0xc350", // 50000
    
    12    "gasPrice":"0x4a817c800", // 20000000000
    
    13    "hash":"0x88df016429689c079f3b2f6ad39fa052532c56795b733da78a91ebe6a713944b",
    
    14    "input":"0x68656c6c6f21",
    
    15    "nonce":"0x15", // 21
    
    16    "to":"0xf02c1c8e6114b1dbe8937a39260b5b0a374432bb",
    
    17    "transactionIndex":"0x41", // 65
    
    18    "value":"0xf3dbb76162000", // 4290000000000000
    
    19    "v":"0x25", // 37
    
    20    "r":"0x1b5e176d927f8e9ab405058b2d2457392da3e20f328b16ddabcebc33eaac5fea",
    
    21    "s":"0x4ba69724e8f69de52f0125ad8b3c5c2cef33019bac3249e2c0a2192766d1721c"
    
    22  }
    
    23}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex

Returns information about a transaction by block hash and transaction index
position.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of a block.
  2. `QUANTITY` \- integer of the transaction index position.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xe670ec64341771606e55d6b4ca35a1a6b75ee3d5145a99d05921026d1527331",
    
    3  "0x0", // 0
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getTransactionByHash

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex","params":["0xc6ef2fc5426d6ad6fd9e2a26abeab0aa2411b7ab17f30a99d3cb96aed1d1055b", "0x0"],"id":1}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getTransactionByHash

### eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex

Returns information about a transaction by block number and transaction index
position.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- a block number, or the string `"earliest"`, `"latest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"` or `"finalized"`, as in the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block).
  2. `QUANTITY` \- the transaction index position.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0x9c47cf", // 10241999
    
    3  "0x24", // 36
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getTransactionByHash

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex","params":["0x9c47cf", "0x24"],"id":1}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getTransactionByHash

### eth_getTransactionReceipt

Returns the receipt of a transaction by transaction hash.

**Note** That the receipt is not available for pending transactions.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of a transaction

    
    
    1params: ["0x85d995eba9763907fdf35cd2034144dd9d53ce32cbec21349d4b12823c6860c5"]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** `Object` \- A transaction receipt object, or `null` when no
receipt was found:

  * `transactionHash `: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the transaction.
  * `transactionIndex`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the transactions index position in the block.
  * `blockHash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the block where this transaction was in.
  * `blockNumber`: `QUANTITY` \- block number where this transaction was in.
  * `from`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address of the sender.
  * `to`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address of the receiver. null when its a contract creation transaction.
  * `cumulativeGasUsed` : `QUANTITY ` \- The total amount of gas used when this transaction was executed in the block.
  * `effectiveGasPrice` : `QUANTITY` \- The sum of the base fee and tip paid per unit of gas.
  * `gasUsed `: `QUANTITY ` \- The amount of gas used by this specific transaction alone.
  * `contractAddress `: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - The contract address created, if the transaction was a contract creation, otherwise `null`.
  * `logs`: `Array` \- Array of log objects, which this transaction generated.
  * `logsBloom`: `DATA`, 256 Bytes - Bloom filter for light clients to quickly retrieve related logs.
  * `type`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the transaction type, `0x0` for legacy transactions, `0x1` for access list types, `0x2` for dynamic fees.

It also returns _either_ :

  * `root` : `DATA` 32 bytes of post-transaction stateroot (pre Byzantium)
  * `status`: `QUANTITY` either `1` (success) or `0` (failure)

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getTransactionReceipt","params":["0x85d995eba9763907fdf35cd2034144dd9d53ce32cbec21349d4b12823c6860c5"],"id":1}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    6  "id": 1,
    
    7  "result": {
    
    8    "blockHash":
    
    9      "0xa957d47df264a31badc3ae823e10ac1d444b098d9b73d204c40426e57f47e8c3",
    
    10    "blockNumber": "0xeff35f",
    
    11    "contractAddress": null, // string of the address if it was created
    
    12    "cumulativeGasUsed": "0xa12515",
    
    13    "effectiveGasPrice": "0x5a9c688d4",
    
    14    "from": "0x6221a9c005f6e47eb398fd867784cacfdcfff4e7",
    
    15    "gasUsed": "0xb4c8",
    
    16    "logs": [{
    
    17      // logs as returned by getFilterLogs, etc.
    
    18    }],
    
    19    "logsBloom": "0x00...0", // 256 byte bloom filter
    
    20    "status": "0x1",
    
    21    "to": "0xc02aaa39b223fe8d0a0e5c4f27ead9083c756cc2",
    
    22    "transactionHash":
    
    23      "0x85d995eba9763907fdf35cd2034144dd9d53ce32cbec21349d4b12823c6860c5",
    
    24    "transactionIndex": "0x66",
    
    25    "type": "0x2"
    
    26  }
    
    27}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getUncleByBlockHashAndIndex

Returns information about a uncle of a block by hash and uncle index position.

**Parameters**

  1. `DATA`, 32 Bytes - The hash of a block.
  2. `QUANTITY` \- The uncle's index position.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xc6ef2fc5426d6ad6fd9e2a26abeab0aa2411b7ab17f30a99d3cb96aed1d1055b",
    
    3  "0x0", // 0
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getBlockByHash

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getUncleByBlockHashAndIndex","params":["0xc6ef2fc5426d6ad6fd9e2a26abeab0aa2411b7ab17f30a99d3cb96aed1d1055b", "0x0"],"id":1}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getBlockByHash

**Note** : An uncle doesn't contain individual transactions.

### eth_getUncleByBlockNumberAndIndex

Returns information about a uncle of a block by number and uncle index
position.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY|TAG` \- a block number, or the string `"earliest"`, `"latest"`, `"pending"`, `"safe"`, `"finalized"`, as in the [default block parameter](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/#default-block).
  2. `QUANTITY` \- the uncle's index position.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0x29c", // 668
    
    3  "0x0", // 0
    
    4]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getBlockByHash

**Note** : An uncle doesn't contain individual transactions.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getUncleByBlockNumberAndIndex","params":["0x29c", "0x0"],"id":1}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getBlockByHash

### eth_newFilter

Creates a filter object, based on filter options, to notify when the state
changes (logs). To check if the state has changed, call eth_getFilterChanges.

**A note on specifying topic filters:** Topics are order-dependent. A
transaction with a log with topics [A, B] will be matched by the following
topic filters:

  * `[]` "anything"
  * `[A]` "A in first position (and anything after)"
  * `[null, B]` "anything in first position AND B in second position (and anything after)"
  * `[A, B]` "A in first position AND B in second position (and anything after)"
  * `[[A, B], [A, B]]` "(A OR B) in first position AND (A OR B) in second position (and anything after)"
  * **Parameters**

  1. `Object` \- The filter options:

  * `fromBlock`: `QUANTITY|TAG` \- (optional, default: `"latest"`) Integer block number, or `"latest"` for the last mined block, `"safe"` for the latest safe block, `"finalized"` for the latest finalized block, or `"pending"`, `"earliest"` for not yet mined transactions.
  * `toBlock`: `QUANTITY|TAG` \- (optional, default: `"latest"`) Integer block number, or `"latest"` for the last mined block, `"safe"` for the latest safe block, `"finalized"` for the latest finalized block, or `"pending"`, `"earliest"` for not yet mined transactions.
  * `address`: `DATA|Array`, 20 Bytes - (optional) Contract address or a list of addresses from which logs should originate.
  * `topics`: `Array of DATA`, - (optional) Array of 32 Bytes `DATA` topics. Topics are order-dependent. Each topic can also be an array of DATA with "or" options.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  {
    
    3    fromBlock: "0x1",
    
    4    toBlock: "0x2",
    
    5    address: "0x8888f1f195afa192cfee860698584c030f4c9db1",
    
    6    topics: [
    
    7      "0x000000000000000000000000a94f5374fce5edbc8e2a8697c15331677e6ebf0b",
    
    8      null,
    
    9      [
    
    10        "0x000000000000000000000000a94f5374fce5edbc8e2a8697c15331677e6ebf0b",
    
    11        "0x0000000000000000000000000aff3454fce5edbc8cca8697c15331677e6ebccc",
    
    12      ],
    
    13    ],
    
    14  },
    
    15]
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** `QUANTITY` \- A filter id.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_newFilter","params":[{"topics":["0x12341234"]}],"id":73}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1" // 1
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_newBlockFilter

Creates a filter in the node, to notify when a new block arrives. To check if
the state has changed, call eth_getFilterChanges.

**Parameters** None

**Returns** `QUANTITY` \- A filter id.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_newBlockFilter","params":[],"id":73}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc":  "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1" // 1
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_newPendingTransactionFilter

Creates a filter in the node, to notify when new pending transactions arrive.
To check if the state has changed, call eth_getFilterChanges.

**Parameters** None

**Returns** `QUANTITY` \- A filter id.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_newPendingTransactionFilter","params":[],"id":73}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc":  "2.0",
    
    7  "result": "0x1" // 1
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_uninstallFilter

Uninstalls a filter with given id. Should always be called when watch is no
longer needed. Additionally Filters timeout when they aren't requested with
eth_getFilterChanges for a period of time.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY` \- The filter id.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0xb", // 11
    
    3]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** `Boolean` \- `true` if the filter was successfully uninstalled,
otherwise `false`.

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_uninstallFilter","params":["0xb"],"id":73}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
    
    7  "result": true
    
    8}
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getFilterChanges

Polling method for a filter, which returns an array of logs which occurred
since last poll.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY` \- the filter id.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0x16", // 22
    
    3]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** `Array` \- Array of log objects, or an empty array if nothing has
changed since last poll.

  * For filters created with `eth_newBlockFilter` the return are block hashes (`DATA`, 32 Bytes), e.g. `["0x3454645634534..."]`.
  * For filters created with `eth_newPendingTransactionFilter ` the return are transaction hashes (`DATA`, 32 Bytes), e.g. `["0x6345343454645..."]`.
  * For filters created with `eth_newFilter` logs are objects with following params:
    * `removed`: `TAG` \- `true` when the log was removed, due to a chain reorganization. `false` if its a valid log.
    * `logIndex`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the log index position in the block. `null` when its pending log.
    * `transactionIndex`: `QUANTITY` \- integer of the transactions index position log was created from. `null` when its pending log.
    * `transactionHash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the transactions this log was created from. `null` when its pending log.
    * `blockHash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - hash of the block where this log was in. `null` when its pending. `null` when its pending log.
    * `blockNumber`: `QUANTITY` \- the block number where this log was in. `null` when its pending. `null` when its pending log.
    * `address`: `DATA`, 20 Bytes - address from which this log originated.
    * `data`: `DATA` \- contains zero or more 32 Bytes non-indexed arguments of the log.
    * `topics`: `Array of DATA` \- Array of 0 to 4 32 Bytes `DATA` of indexed log arguments. (In _solidity_ : The first topic is the _hash_ of the signature of the event (e.g. `Deposit(address,bytes32,uint256)`), except you declared the event with the `anonymous` specifier.)
  * **Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getFilterChanges","params":["0x16"],"id":73}'
    
    3// Result
    
    4{
    
    5  "id":1,
    
    6  "jsonrpc":"2.0",
    
    7  "result": [{
    
    8    "logIndex": "0x1", // 1
    
    9    "blockNumber":"0x1b4", // 436
    
    10    "blockHash": "0x8216c5785ac562ff41e2dcfdf5785ac562ff41e2dcfdf829c5a142f1fccd7d",
    
    11    "transactionHash":  "0xdf829c5a142f1fccd7d8216c5785ac562ff41e2dcfdf5785ac562ff41e2dcf",
    
    12    "transactionIndex": "0x0", // 0
    
    13    "address": "0x16c5785ac562ff41e2dcfdf829c5a142f1fccd7d",
    
    14    "data":"0x0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000",
    
    15    "topics": ["0x59ebeb90bc63057b6515673c3ecf9438e5058bca0f92585014eced636878c9a5"]
    
    16    },{
    
    17      ...
    
    18    }]
    
    19}
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### eth_getFilterLogs

Returns an array of all logs matching filter with given id.

**Parameters**

  1. `QUANTITY` \- The filter id.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  "0x16", // 22
    
    3]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getFilterChanges

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getFilterLogs","params":["0x16"],"id":74}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getFilterChanges

### eth_getLogs

Returns an array of all logs matching a given filter object.

**Parameters**

  1. `Object` \- The filter options:

  * `fromBlock`: `QUANTITY|TAG` \- (optional, default: `"latest"`) Integer block number, or `"latest"` for the last mined block, `"safe"` for the latest safe block, `"finalized"` for the latest finalized block, or `"pending"`, `"earliest"` for not yet mined transactions.
  * `toBlock`: `QUANTITY|TAG` \- (optional, default: `"latest"`) Integer block number, or `"latest"` for the last mined block, `"safe"` for the latest safe block, `"finalized"` for the latest finalized block, or `"pending"`, `"earliest"` for not yet mined transactions.
  * `address`: `DATA|Array`, 20 Bytes - (optional) Contract address or a list of addresses from which logs should originate.
  * `topics`: `Array of DATA`, - (optional) Array of 32 Bytes `DATA` topics. Topics are order-dependent. Each topic can also be an array of DATA with "or" options.
  * `blockhash`: `DATA`, 32 Bytes - (optional, **future**) With the addition of EIP-234, `blockHash` will be a new filter option which restricts the logs returned to the single block with the 32-byte hash `blockHash`. Using `blockHash` is equivalent to `fromBlock` = `toBlock` = the block number with hash `blockHash`. If `blockHash` is present in the filter criteria, then neither `fromBlock` nor `toBlock` are allowed.

    
    
    1params: [
    
    2  {
    
    3    topics: [
    
    4      "0x000000000000000000000000a94f5374fce5edbc8e2a8697c15331677e6ebf0b",
    
    5    ],
    
    6  },
    
    7]
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Returns** See eth_getFilterChanges

**Example**

    
    
     1// Request
    
    2curl -X POST --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getLogs","params":[{"topics":["0x000000000000000000000000a94f5374fce5edbc8e2a8697c15331677e6ebf0b"]}],"id":74}'
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Result see eth_getFilterChanges

## Usage Example

### Deploying a contract using JSON_RPC

This section includes a demonstration of how to deploy a contract using only
the RPC interface. There are alternative routes to deploying contracts where
this complexity is abstracted away—for example, using libraries built on top
of the RPC interface such as [web3.js(opens in a new
tab)](https://web3js.readthedocs.io/) and [web3.py(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py). These abstractions are generally
easier to understand and less error-prone, but it is still helpful to
understand what is happening under the hood.

The following is a straightforward smart contract called `Multiply7` that will
be deployed using the JSON-RPC interface to an Ethereum node. This tutorial
assumes the reader is already running a Geth node. More information on nodes
and clients is available [here](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-
node/). Please refer to individual [client](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-
clients/) documentation to see how to start the HTTP JSON-RPC for non-Geth
clients. Most clients default to serving on `localhost:8545`.

    
    
    1contract Multiply7 {
    
    2    event Print(uint);
    
    3    function multiply(uint input) returns (uint) {
    
    4        Print(input * 7);
    
    5        return input * 7;
    
    6    }
    
    7}

The first thing to do is make sure the HTTP RPC interface is enabled. This
means we supply Geth with the `--http` flag on startup. In this example we use
the Geth node on a private development chain. Using this approach we don't
need ether on the real network.

    
    
    geth --http --dev console 2>>geth.log

This will start the HTTP RPC interface on `http://localhost:8545`.

We can verify that the interface is running by retrieving the Coinbase address
and balance using [curl(opens in a new tab)](https://curl.se). Please note
that data in these examples will differ on your local node. If you want to try
these commands, replace the request params in the second curl request with the
result returned from the first.

    
    
    curl --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_coinbase", "id":1}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:8545
    
    {"id":1,"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":["0x9b1d35635cc34752ca54713bb99d38614f63c955"]}
    
    curl --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method":"eth_getBalance", "params": ["0x9b1d35635cc34752ca54713bb99d38614f63c955", "latest"], "id":2}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:8545
    
    {"id":2,"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"0x1639e49bba16280000"}

Because numbers are hex encoded, the balance is returned in wei as a hex
string. If we want to have the balance in ether as a number we can use web3
from the Geth console.

    
    
    1web3.fromWei("0x1639e49bba16280000", "ether")
    
    2// "410"

Now that there is some ether on our private development chain, we can deploy
the contract. The first step is to compile the Multiply7 contract to byte code
that can be sent to the EVM. To install solc, the Solidity compiler, follow
the [Solidity documentation(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/installing-solidity.html). (You
might want to use an older `solc` release to match [the version of compiler
used for our example(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/releases/tag/v0.4.20).)

The next step is to compile the Multiply7 contract to byte code that can be
send to the EVM.

    
    
    echo 'pragma solidity ^0.4.16; contract Multiply7 { event Print(uint); function multiply(uint input) public returns (uint) { Print(input * 7); return input * 7; } }' | solc --bin
    
    ======= <stdin>:Multiply7 =======
    
    Binary:
    
    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

Now that we have the compiled code we need to determine how much gas it costs
to deploy it. The RPC interface has an `eth_estimateGas` method that will give
us an estimate.

    
    
    curl --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_estimateGas", "params": [{"from": "0x9b1d35635cc34752ca54713bb99d38614f63c955", "data": "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"}], "id": 5}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:8545
    
    {"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":5,"result":"0x1c31e"}

And finally deploy the contract.

    
    
    curl --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_sendTransaction", "params": [{"from": "0x9b1d35635cc34752ca54713bb99d38614f63c955", "gas": "0x1c31e", "data": "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"}], "id": 6}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:8545
    
    {"id":6,"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"0xe1f3095770633ab2b18081658bad475439f6a08c902d0915903bafff06e6febf"}

The transaction is accepted by the node and a transaction hash is returned.
This hash can be used to track the transaction. The next step is to determine
the address where our contract is deployed. Each executed transaction will
create a receipt. This receipt contains various information about the
transaction such as in which block the transaction was included and how much
gas was used by the EVM. If a transaction creates a contract it will also
contain the contract address. We can retrieve the receipt with the
`eth_getTransactionReceipt` RPC method.

    
    
    curl --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_getTransactionReceipt", "params": ["0xe1f3095770633ab2b18081658bad475439f6a08c902d0915903bafff06e6febf"], "id": 7}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:8545
    
    {"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":7,"result":{"blockHash":"0x77b1a4f6872b9066312de3744f60020cbd8102af68b1f6512a05b7619d527a4f","blockNumber":"0x1","contractAddress":"0x4d03d617d700cf81935d7f797f4e2ae719648262","cumulativeGasUsed":"0x1c31e","from":"0x9b1d35635cc34752ca54713bb99d38614f63c955","gasUsed":"0x1c31e","logs":[],"logsBloom":"0x00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000","status":"0x1","to":null,"transactionHash":"0xe1f3095770633ab2b18081658bad475439f6a08c902d0915903bafff06e6febf","transactionIndex":"0x0"}}

Our contract was created on `0x4d03d617d700cf81935d7f797f4e2ae719648262`. A
null result instead of a receipt means the transaction has not been included
in a block yet. Wait for a moment and check if your miner is running and retry
it.

#### Interacting with smart contracts

In this example we will be sending a transaction using `eth_sendTransaction`
to the `multiply` method of the contract.

`eth_sendTransaction` requires several arguments, specifically `from`, `to`
and `data`. `From` is the public address of our account, and `to` is the
contract address. The `data` argument contains a payload that defines which
method must be called and with which arguments. This is where the [ABI
(application binary interface)(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html) comes into play.
The ABI is a JSON file that defines how to define and encode data for the EVM.

The bytes of the payload defines which method in the contract is called. This
is the first 4 bytes from the Keccak hash over the function name and its
argument types, hex encoded. The multiply function accepts an uint which is an
alias for uint256. This leaves us with:

    
    
    1web3.sha3("multiply(uint256)").substring(0, 10)
    
    2// "0xc6888fa1"

The next step is to encode the arguments. There is only one uint256, say, the
value 6. The ABI has a section which specifies how to encode uint256 types.

`int<M>: enc(X)` is the big-endian two’s complement encoding of X, padded on
the higher-order (left) side with 0xff for negative X and with zero > bytes
for positive X such that the length is a multiple of 32 bytes.

This encodes to
`0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006`.

Combining the function selector and the encoded argument our data will be
`0xc6888fa10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006`.

This can now be sent to the node:

    
    
    curl --data '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","method": "eth_sendTransaction", "params": [{"from": "0xeb85a5557e5bdc18ee1934a89d8bb402398ee26a", "to": "0x6ff93b4b46b41c0c3c9baee01c255d3b4675963d", "data": "0xc6888fa10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000006"}], "id": 8}' -H "Content-Type: application/json" localhost:8545
    
    {"id":8,"jsonrpc":"2.0","result":"0x759cf065cbc22e9d779748dc53763854e5376eea07409e590c990eafc0869d74"}

Since a transaction was sent, a transaction hash was returned. Retrieving the
receipt gives:

    
    
    1{
    
    2   blockHash: "0xbf0a347307b8c63dd8c1d3d7cbdc0b463e6e7c9bf0a35be40393588242f01d55",
    
    3   blockNumber: 268,
    
    4   contractAddress: null,
    
    5   cumulativeGasUsed: 22631,
    
    6   gasUsed: 22631,
    
    7   logs: [{
    
    8      address: "0x6ff93b4b46b41c0c3c9baee01c255d3b4675963d",
    
    9      blockHash: "0xbf0a347307b8c63dd8c1d3d7cbdc0b463e6e7c9bf0a35be40393588242f01d55",
    
    10      blockNumber: 268,
    
    11      data: "0x000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000002a",
    
    12      logIndex: 0,
    
    13      topics: ["0x24abdb5865df5079dcc5ac590ff6f01d5c16edbc5fab4e195d9febd1114503da"],
    
    14      transactionHash: "0x759cf065cbc22e9d779748dc53763854e5376eea07409e590c990eafc0869d74",
    
    15      transactionIndex: 0
    
    16  }],
    
    17  transactionHash: "0x759cf065cbc22e9d779748dc53763854e5376eea07409e590c990eafc0869d74",
    
    18  transactionIndex: 0
    
    19}
    
    Show all

The receipt contains a log. This log was generated by the EVM on transaction
execution and included in the receipt. The `multiply` function shows that the
`Print` event was raised with the input times 7. Since the argument for the
`Print` event was a uint256 we can decode it according to the ABI rules which
will leave us with the expected decimal 42. Apart from the data it is worth
noting that topics can be used to determine which event created the log:

    
    
    1web3.sha3("Print(uint256)")
    
    2// "24abdb5865df5079dcc5ac590ff6f01d5c16edbc5fab4e195d9febd1114503da"

This was just a brief introduction into some of the most common tasks,
demonstrating direct usage of the JSON-RPC.

## Related topics

  * [JSON-RPC specification(opens in a new tab)](http://www.jsonrpc.org/specification)
  * [Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)
  * [JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)
  * [Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)
  * [Execution clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#execution-clients)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Client implementations
    * Convenience Libraries
    * Consensus client APIs
    * Execution client spec
    * Conventions
      * Hex value encoding
      * Unformatted data
      * The default block parameter
    * Examples
    * Curl examples
    * Gossip, State, History
      * Gossip Methods
      * State Methods
      * History Methods
    * JSON-RPC API Playground
    * JSON-RPC API Methods
      * web3_clientVersion
      * web3_sha3
      * net_version
      * net_listening
      * net_peerCount
      * eth_protocolVersion
      * eth_syncing
      * eth_coinbase
      * eth_chainId
      * eth_mining
      * eth_hashrate
      * eth_gasPrice
      * eth_accounts
      * eth_blockNumber
      * eth_getBalance
      * eth_getStorageAt
      * eth_getTransactionCount
      * eth_getBlockTransactionCountByHash
      * eth_getBlockTransactionCountByNumber
      * eth_getUncleCountByBlockHash
      * eth_getUncleCountByBlockNumber
      * eth_getCode
      * eth_sign
      * eth_signTransaction
      * eth_sendTransaction
      * eth_sendRawTransaction
      * eth_call
      * eth_estimateGas
      * eth_getBlockByHash
      * eth_getBlockByNumber
      * eth_getTransactionByHash
      * eth_getTransactionByBlockHashAndIndex
      * eth_getTransactionByBlockNumberAndIndex
      * eth_getTransactionReceipt
      * eth_getUncleByBlockHashAndIndex
      * eth_getUncleByBlockNumberAndIndex
      * eth_newFilter
      * eth_newBlockFilter
      * eth_newPendingTransactionFilter
      * eth_uninstallFilter
      * eth_getFilterChanges
      * eth_getFilterLogs
      * eth_getLogs
    * Usage Example
      * Deploying a contract using JSON_RPC
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

