[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL25ldy1hbmQtaW1wcm92ZWQtYXV0b2ludmVzdC1sZWFybi1tb3JlLWFib3V0LXRoZS1uZXctZmVhdHVyZXMtODUwNTEwMzM0NDgzMzU4NjE3Mj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL25ldy1hbmQtaW1wcm92ZWQtYXV0b2ludmVzdC1sZWFybi1tb3JlLWFib3V0LXRoZS1uZXctZmVhdHVyZXMtODUwNTEwMzM0NDgzMzU4NjE3Mj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# New and Improved Auto-Invest: Learn More About the New Features

2023-06-30

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Earn has updated Auto-Invest with a new and improved look, smoother purchase flow, and a better way to manage your plans.

  * You can now enjoy personalized plan recommendations and social transaction data at your fingertips.

  * The Index-Linked Plan is now available on the web version.

_Check out the features that the new and improved Auto-Invest has to offer._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/3d9bbb25-5190-4d6a-b6e8-e95f4fc082ab)

##  New and Improved Auto-Invest

Active trading can be stressful, time-consuming, and still yield poor results.
However, there are other options out there. With Auto-Invest, users can
leverage a dollar-cost average (DCA) strategy to invest in 210+
cryptocurrencies with more than 20 payment options, such as:

  * Stablecoins: USDT, TUSD, USDC, and more.

  * Fiat: EUR, GBP, and more.

  * Crypto: BTC, ETH, BNB, and more.

Auto-Invest comes with several DCA plan frequencies spreading across Hourly,
Daily, Weekly, Bi-Weekly, and Monthly.

At Binance, we’re constantly listening to our community. We’re always
committed to improving our products and user experience.

Built for Binancians, by Binancians, this Auto-Invest update was based on data
from 10+ user interviews and 1,046 survey responses. The new Auto-Invest
offers a smoother and more customized experience to suit your needs.

## Smoother Purchase Flow

Previously, users would have to enter the Subscribe page to make a purchase.
But now, with the purchase button available on every Auto-Invest page, users
can make a purchase anywhere.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/0227841d-ac16-4830-ab7e-efbbb38d5973)

## Improved Search Function

You can now use the search bar to search for coins when building a Portfolio
Plan. You can also search for your preferred source asset when purchasing an
Auto-Invest plan.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/f7281b9d-01f9-4e8f-aacd-e003923d0e8e)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/11e0a62f-e853-4645-86c6-67f0c43033d7)

## Combined Single Token and Portfolio Plans

You can now select one cryptocurrency to build a Single Token Plan or select
multiple cryptocurrencies to build a Portfolio Plan all on the same page.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/6719169f-f2a3-450a-9932-7e0ee33b03f6)

## Clear Payment Summary

The Payment Order summary is now clearly visible on the checkout page,
allowing users to get an overview and better understanding of their order.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/a79e9ef1-c4f9-4e96-af0e-527bd33113f9)

## Improved Transition Between One-Time and Recurring Index-Linked Plans

[ _Auto-Invest’s Index-Linked Plan_](https://app.binance.com/en/auto-
invest?_dp=L21wL2FwcD9hcHBJZD1Bcnp0ZnM5Z1JHbjNnMnRLaVVmRnJCJnN0YXJ0UGFnZVBhdGg9Y0dGblpYTXZVM1ZpYzJOeWFXSmxMMmx1WkdWNCZzdGFydFBhZ2VRdWVyeT1kR0ZpU1c1a1pYZzlNZw==)
helps you automatically buy the top 10 cryptocurrencies by market cap listed
on CoinMarketCap (CMC) in one go. The Index-Linked plans adopt equal weight to
the top 10 coins, meaning you will get an equal share (10%) of each asset in
every purchase. In addition, the top 10 cryptocurrencies combined have more
than 80% of the total crypto market cap, so you can easily get exposure to
some of the most prominent blockchain projects.

Index-Linked Plans also support monthly rebalancing to provide a better
reflection of recent market movements.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/163a9f80-11aa-42a8-82d1-d9a3c01186d6)

_*Price quoted above is on 30th June 2023._

You will now have the flexibility to easily toggle between recurring or one-
time plans.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/a444e4f7-97a4-4ab4-b507-404b210287e5)

## Better Plan Management

User’s Portfolio and Single Token Plans are now combined into one page for a
broad overview of their plans. You can find this on the “My Plans” page of
Auto-Invest. A filter function is also available for users to arrange and
locate their plans according to date, invested amount, and plan type.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/0ba4ca63-3ff1-4a64-87ba-027c7e1b04e0)

In addition, users can access **personalized plan recommendations** on the
“Recommended For You” page when creating a plan. This is a brand-new feature
that offers a wide selection of Portfolio Plans recommended according to your
purchase preference and history.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/d9e505a6-853c-4c71-942b-c345d4c6c6bc)

## Social Transaction Data

Users now have access to more transaction data of preset Portfolio Plans to
make more informed decisions. This includes the price history and number of
transactions on every plan in the last 30 days.



![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/6d128a6f-c84c-4dde-
ba8d-fb572970d2ed)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/da0a1fcd-
da2c-44b8-b454-e1f60be80034)

## Overview of Portfolio Plans

You can now see a detailed overview of your Portfolio Plans, with details of
the total amount invested, ROI, and breakdown of asset allocation.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/568f48cf-e0df-4ace-88c8-559c142b5c29)

## Web Version of the Index-Linked Plan

[ _The Index-Linked Plan is now available on the web
interface._](https://app.binance.com/en/auto-
invest?_dp=L21wL2FwcD9hcHBJZD1Bcnp0ZnM5Z1JHbjNnMnRLaVVmRnJCJnN0YXJ0UGFnZVBhdGg9Y0dGblpYTXZVM1ZpYzJOeWFXSmxMMmx1WkdWNCZzdGFydFBhZ2VRdWVyeT1kR0ZpU1c1a1pYZzlNZw==)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230630/a6fcc7ea-71d2-4a1c-a98e-bd475a7e2f61)

##  Learn More About Auto-Invest and DCA

If you like what you’ve seen so far, we’ve got a wealth of resources to help
you on your way. Before using any product, you should always [_do your own
research_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/why-and-how-to-do-your-
own-research-dyor-when-investing-in-crypto-421499824684904046) and understand
exactly how it works. To learn more about what Auto-Invest can do for you,
check out our [_Beginner’s Guide to Auto-
Invest_](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn/course/a-beginners-
guide-to-autoinvest-BN794098070667583489) on Binance Academy.

[_**DCA with Auto-Invest Today**_](https://app.binance.com/en/auto-
invest/?_dp=L21wL2FwcD9hcHBJZD1Bcnp0ZnM5Z1JHbjNnMnRLaVVmRnJCJnN0YXJ0UGFnZVBhdGg9Y0dGblpYTXZVM1ZpYzJOeWFXSmxMMmx1WkdWNA==)**!**

##  Further Reading

  * [ _What Is Auto-Invest and How to Use It_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-and-how-to-use-it-3dd41bc1d4ea4879863ffbf2211a17fe)

  * [ _What Is Auto-Invest Index-Linked Plan and How to Use It_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-index-linked-plan-and-how-to-use-it-7c3d334a57f74268b0df67bbeb1df41c)

  * [ _Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA) Explained_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/dollar-cost-averaging-dca-explained)

**Disclaimer:**_Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives, and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[ _terms of
use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _risk
warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,274,815 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

173

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

New and Improved Auto-Invest: Learn More About the New Features

Main Takeaways

New and Improved Auto-Invest

Smoother Purchase Flow

Improved Search Function

Combined Single Token and Portfolio Plans

Clear Payment Summary

Improved Transition Between One-Time and Recurring Index-Linked Plans

Better Plan Management

Social Transaction Data

Overview of Portfolio Plans

Web Version of the Index-Linked Plan

Learn More About Auto-Invest and DCA

Further Reading

194,274,815 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

