# [Recharge logo](/)

![world](/static/media/world.c2f635f7.png)enko

  * Home
  * [About](/#about)
  * [Roadmap](/#roadmap)
  * [Recharge Token](/#tokens)
  * [NFT](/#nft)
  * [Advisors](/#advisors)
  * Docs
    * [Whitepaper](https://the-recharge.gitbook.io/therecharge/)
    * [Token Audit](https://www.certik.com/projects/therecharge)
    * [Disclaimer](https://the-recharge.gitbook.io/therecharge/6.-disclaimers)
    * [CI Download](https://s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/static.recharge.io/The_Recharge_logo.zip)
    * [User Guide](/UserGuide.pdf)

[Launch App](https://defi.therecharge.io)button

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

    * [Home](/)
    * [About](/#about)
    * [Roadmap](/#roadmap)
    * Recharge Token
    * [NFT](/#nft)
    * [Advisors](/#advisors)
    * Docs
      * [Whitepaper](https://the-recharge.gitbook.io/therecharge/)
      * [Token Audit](https://www.certik.com/projects/therecharge)
      * [Disclaimer](https://the-recharge.gitbook.io/therecharge/6.-disclaimers)
      * [CI Download](https://s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/static.recharge.io/The_Recharge_logo.zip)
      * [User Guide](/UserGuide.pdf)

[Launch App](https://defi.therecharge.io/)

**The Recharge**

A decentralized incentive solution that connects electric-charging platforms.

The Recharge aims to provide a long-term sustainable decentralized ecosystem
that can help maximize participating usersâ incentives

[Launch App](https://defi.therecharge.io/)

## About**How It Works**

  * Charging Station
  * Recharge Swap
  * Ecosystem
  * Recharge Virtuous Cycle

A decentralized incentive solution that is built to offer a full range of De-
Fi services to help maximize userâs incentives

![](/static/media/img_about01.250b514b.png)![](/static/media/img_about01-m.adb40880.png)

Cross-chain bridge to facilitate Recharge Token to move from one to another.
Recharge Swap is compatible with Ethereum, BSC, HECO and Solana

![](/static/media/img_about02.54209770.png)![](/static/media/img_about02-m.7c9acb59.png)

The Recharge ecosystem connects electric-charging platforms with the
decentralized incentive solution, Charging Station. Participating users can
experience optimized incentivizing journey through multi-chain supporting
cross- chain, Recharge Swap.

![](/static/media/img_about03.50127013.png)![](/static/media/img_about03-m.0fe6c5fc.png)

The Recharge ecosystem connects electric-charging platforms with the
decentralized incentive solution, Charging Station. Participating users can
experience optimized incentivizing journey through multi-chain supporting
cross- chain, Recharge Swap.

![](/static/media/img_about04.f0981f71.png)![](/static/media/img_about04-m.43534238.png)

## Recharge Token**Features**

  * ![](/static/media/img_features01.3297721a.png)

**Frequent Use Point**

Frequent Use Point (FUP) is designed to reward regular users on the Recharge
Ecosystem. Any payment made in the Recharge connected services will provide
Frequent User Point on a pro rata basis. FUP is switchable with Recharge Token
on a station in Recharge Ecosystem.

  * ![](/static/media/img_features02.41c1a0bd.png)

**Automated Carbon Redemption**

Every transaction of Recharge token regardless of mainnet will trigger
Automated Carbon Redemption (ACR) to incentive center. Accumulated Carbon
Redemption will be distributed to boost Recharge Virtuous Cycle and to
purchase Carbon Credit.

  * ![](/static/media/img_features03.0c01911f.png)

**Recharge Governance**

 _Recharge Governance is designed for Recharge Ecosystem Contributors to shape
the future of the protocols. Recharge holders can influence decision
concerning the Recharge Ecosystem such as proposals and decision makings on
shaping the ecosystem._

  * ![](/static/media/img_features04.638b4d0a.png)

**Cross Chain Compatibility**

 _Recharge are deployed on various major protocols to help boost its ecosystem
Recharge Swap(Cross Chain Bridge) in the first phase, supports ERC-20, HRC-20,
BEP-20 and SOL_

## **Distribution**

![](/static/media/img_distribution-
graph01.719f181e.png)![](/static/media/img_distribution-
graph01-m.c0dd26a4.png)

  * **Name** Recharge
  * **Ticker** RCG
  * **Total Supply** 1,000,000,000 RCG

![](/static/media/img_distribution-
graph02.238d5288.png)![](/static/media/img_distribution-
graph02-m.8a9976d9.png)

**Recharge Token address**

  * [ _KCC (Kucoin Community Chain) :_ 0xe74bE071f3b62f6A4aC23cA68E5E2A39797A3c30](https://etherscan.io/token/0xe74bE071f3b62f6A4aC23cA68E5E2A39797A3c30)
  * [ _BEP-20 (Binance Smart Chain) :_ 0x2D94172436D869c1e3c094BeaD272508faB0d9E3](https://bscscan.com/token/0x2D94172436D869c1e3c094BeaD272508faB0d9E3)

## **NFT**

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

**The Recharge - NFT**

The Recharge NFT provides unique digital arts created on Solana Network and it
does offer very attractive and unique benefits. Also, The Recharge NFT will
have unique attributes in utilities to boost The Recharge Ecosystem.

[Go to The Recharge NFT](https://nft.therecharge.io/)

## **Key Milestone**

![](/static/media/img_roadmap.d3d09cec.png)![](/static/media/img_roadmap-m.0c1bd79c.png)![](/static/media/bg_about.8fc728fd.png)![](/static/media/bg_about-m.5c2e4abf.png)

## **Exchanges**

[

  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://www.mexc.com/)

## **Supporting Platforms**

[

  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://ethereum.org/en/)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://www.binance.org/en/smartChain)[
  * ![](/static/media/kcc.26f8c657.png)](https://www.kcc.io)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://solana.com/ko)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://www.hecochain.com/en-us/)

## **Medium**

## **Recharge is on**

[

  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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) Price-tracking website for crypto assets](https://coinmarketcap.com/currencies/recharge/)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)provides a fundamental analysis of the digital currency market](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/recharge)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)Provides disclosure practices of the crypto industry](https://xangle.io/project/RCG/key-info)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)No.1 Crypto community in Korea](https://cobak.co.kr/community/146)[
  * ![](data:image/png;base64,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)Provides a off-chain, gasless, multi-governance community polling dashboard](https://snapshot.org/#/therecharge.eth)[
  * ![](/static/media/btn_crologo.0f0677f4.svg)The world's fastest growing crypto solution](https://crypto.com/)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)

Decentralized Incentive Hub for Electric Power Based Ecosystem.

Info@therecharge.io

**Explore**

  * Home
  * [About](/# about)
  * [Recharge Token](/#tokens)
  * [NFT](/#nft)

**Docs**

  * [Whitepaper](https://the-recharge.gitbook.io/therecharge/)
  * [Token Audit](https://www.certik.com/projects/therecharge)
  * [Disclaimer](https://the-recharge.gitbook.io/therecharge/6.-disclaimers)
  * [CI Download](https://s3.ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/static.recharge.io/The_Recharge_logo.zip)
  * [User Guide](/UserGuide.pdf)

  * [![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://github.com/therecharge)
  * [![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://medium.com/therecharge)
  * [![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://blog.naver.com/therecharge)
  * [![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://twitter.com/TheRecharge_ad)
  * [![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAEAAAABACAMAAACdt4HsAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAAAAFzUkdCAK7OHOkAAABgUExURUdwTCOj4ySk5CWl5SSk4ySi4iOj4iOk5CWk5Cam5iWj5CSl5SWm5yen6SOg3iWk5CSi4P///yam5yip6yqq7SSj4iqv80Kx6R6i5MDl+KDY9O/5/ly87Buf4djv+4DL8MK+KPwAAAANdFJOUwBRZMa2G3k13+8NlqMNd5eAAAADmUlEQVRYw51XiaKCIBA0Jc84RBA1zf//y8clAmXpWw0RdmaHFROS5MDuRf7IyoqxqsweeXFPLtn91pTMt75sbqc56tujZH3PQoaelY/iFLx4dArdBfhOc3QnKArAegsOKXRDz8B3intT9db3A1wPpWq+5KLIeov+ZBtFdigirXronPWPWZxtMWVfpcf4ODY0P9Vuqqp2wJDrQNCB9qq9YdBywp7lH/CUaV99GCyEFu2IoC1Y98aQOp/osCd1cDukaBRFxWBgNqCuuYtRouusCp7FPes9NxfKoaCjc6x95s+Hpt87fcduO2FYKmPNjr9V8Lp11c29Pxn7B4EcRL0J6P+Dp5BuEk4KoHQYqN/AMivgFHqAYp0mETB0RgJg9KcNYh6fbdtOQSsDeg6U3XcwplRMr1bbGPR0pZoLaQdPBf9AQJmc0PWj/4oX66vdbQqU4f5RyxFAfGQDFXtwbavXSzGGcgwFNXVKt4ut4UC7tXn30F7ylUpV7c34gF3i2vbpqiLwohimSXOgfdqDj0JYgqeIHGmTAPoevVs97c+V0nGjivMFQVJGTYuvXWHmRYzuIWAeKSiTKoyO58lPnAw/7Ph3AlwlAZxGeR8FH4SnZ13e0uUT8PkVPDMVfvHx7TzEeOQPYRjbMPyAh4DzKd4ISpVErg/MuQiTv+BlDkb0EsoNm0SYokwA5gTLg8sLH+bJcozzwMkQ4tvXICNJz90wkBNJ14ii4WSRT3GepnWmi7xZo5k8LcqPm9PEbJLUEmgR6ooGRaR65/hNWBdu3IghkgrSpJCiiDo538gJNv1jG79KhHsSFAgX8nXGxDek2pGq8TUmEMg6ceUlb7D6PDWQfDaEpyiHHEUu+iN9U2P4zBDNrJFEBFx/GeIxkF0mWqAvYtJ4jwTrP1U5E1QjMoW+In1q58UTsS622zqrWaDXFippyIF3GnN0TsS8OLD0kCG4+bDUACNnukdXXIGsiJdAoZFs+7hSL6Apdrz8LWIy89D2bb7u41pnGL0bsXB9WcfXKJwkY9x93uUCA/2wRb7HcYB9gSEnE0eXjTT+Igvgq3gMgkV3UV7UwMtoyZ2SiwN4Wy7n6AIFQZ8WyxcGQfKPy3VylqLKjzYMp54FP9pwqB0X/50I/m3fVee/RPAq/74BLTL8JROEgOL3vhWgAw6OQHpu7wpKuXqJYlMst771+c13DpCXUBk7v13cwNdy/w+yEqEyA3L3fxj7D2lqzGNU+tlCAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)](https://t.me/therecharge_official)
  * [![](/static/media/ic_kcc.10d00189.svg)](https://scan.kcc.io/address/0xe74bE071f3b62f6A4aC23cA68E5E2A39797A3c30)
  * [![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://bscscan.com/token/0x2D94172436D869c1e3c094BeaD272508faB0d9E3)
  * [![](data:image/png;base64,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)](https://solscan.io/token/3TM1bok2dpqR674ubX5FDQZtkyycnx1GegRcd13pQgko)

Audited by[](https://www.certik.com/projects/therecharge)

Â© 2022 Recharge Labs Ltd.

