[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs") __
  * ... __
  * ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They Work

# ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They Work

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Apr 4, 2024 | **Updated Apr 4, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=ERC-404%20Tokens%3A%20What%20Are%20They%2C%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-
work&title=ERC-404%20Tokens%3A%20What%20Are%20They%2C%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work
"Reddit")

![Grey background and computer with NFT text.](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/07_NFT_Cover_White-1-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— ERC-404 is an experimental token standard that bridges the gap between
ERC-20 tokens and NFTs.  
  
— With ERC-404’s unique mint and burn mechanism, users can transfer fractions
of their NFTs or sell them on the open market via liquidity pools.  
  
— You should always use a burner wallet while interacting with experimental
assets like ERC-404 due to the higher risk of scams.  
  
NFTs are a revolutionary asset class that allows users to truly gain ownership
over their digital assets. Every NFT is “non-fungible, ” meaning it cannot be
exchanged on a 1:1 basis for another NFT. However, non-fungibility also
introduces challenges in liquidity, particularly for high-value items. Selling
an NFT i.e. listing it on a marketplace and finding a willing buyer is a
cumbersome and slow process.

Enter ERC-404: an unofficial protocol that brings in liquidity for NFTs
natively. Launched in Feb 2024 by pseudonymous creators “ctrl” and “Acme.”,
ERC-404 has fundamentally changed how many market participants view NFTs.

In this article, Ledger Academy will unpack what an ERC-404 token is, how it
works, and its impact on the NFT market.

## What Is an ERC-404 Token

ERC-404 is an experimental protocol that brings fungibility to [non-fungible
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft) by combining aspects of
[ERC-721](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/erc-721) and
[ERC-20](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-are-erc-20-tokens)
tokens. Essentially, the ERC-404 token standard allows NFTs to be
fractionalized within the boundaries of the Ethereum protocol.  With ERC-404
tokens, fractional ownership is embedded directly into the NFT’s [smart
contract](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-contract).
This allows you to trade fungible fractional portions of the NFT.  
  
However, it’s important to note that ERC-404 is not an official [Ethereum
token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-erc-tokens-and-why-do-we-use-
them) standard, but a sub-class of asset. The creators have not submitted an
[Ethereum Improvement Proposal
(EIP)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ethereum/ethereum-improvement-
proposals-eip)—a crucial step for modifying the core Ethereum protocol.
Instead, ERC-404 operates exclusively through smart contracts. That said, the
long-term roadmap is to integrate with the Ethereum protocol.

So if the ERC-404 token standard is not official, then where did it come from?
Let’s take a look.

## The Origin of ERC-404 Tokens

The idea of ERC-404 initially originated from a failed project called Emerald.
Emerald was built on the back of another Ethereum protocol called ERC-5335 in
early February 2024. While the project didn’t work out due to a critical flaw,
it set the stage for the development of ERC-404.

Subsequently, ERC-404 tokens were developed by Pandora. They launched the
first ever ERC-404 token, $PANDORA in 2023. The token caught on pretty
quickly, hitting a $100M market cap just a few days after its inception.
Currently, other projects are using this standard to make fractionalizing NFTs
much easier.

## How Do ERC-404 Tokens Work?

ERC-404 tokens enable fractional transfer of NFTs using a link and [burn
mechanism](https://www.ledger.com/academy/token-burning-what-is-it-why-do-it).
Every ERC-404 token has a linked NFT, automatically minted to your wallet when
you buy a full token. If you sell fractions of your token, the protocol burns
your NFT. Conversely, if you buy enough fractions to form a complete token
(say 0.2 and 0.8), the protocol automatically mints you a new NFT.

Let’s understand this with an example:

Imagine you have an NFT of a famous piece of artwork. The original token is
unique, thus non-interchangeable. However, using the ERC-404 standard, this
NFT can be split into multiple fungible portions.

The portions are fungible. They can be interchanged with one another. In
addition, anyone who collects all of the portions would be able to reconstruct
the original NFT. It also allows you to buy or sell bigger or smaller portions
of the token as a single NFT due to the built-in burn mechanism. In short, the
smart contract can destroy the smaller fractions and reissue them as a single
token representing the same value as the fractionalized pieces.

But what does that mean exactly? To understand their importance, let’s look at
why ERC-404 tokens are so interesting in the first place.

## Why Are ERC-404 tokens So Interesting?

For starters, ERC-404 tokens offer a range of new use cases to NFTs, such as
DeFi, without needing third-party platforms. Let’s see how they achieve this.

### **Removing the Need for Third-Parties**

Before ERC-404, fractionalized NFTs were only possible through third-party
protocols. Typically, these protocols would take your NFTs, lock them up in
the protocol wallet, and issue tokens in return. However, this mechanism
introduces two key challenges. Firstly, you need to trust a third party to
safeguard your NFT tokens. Secondly, the value of tokens you get from the
protocol often lags behind the value of the assets — which means you may take
an unrealized loss.

On the other hand, the ERC-404 standard natively binds the value of tokens and
NFTs. NFTs built using this standard mirror their actual floor price in real-
time. Since the mechanism is handled by a decentralized smart contract, it
eliminates potential price discrepancies and the need for third parties.

### **Bringing DeFi Mechanisms Into the NFT Scene**

ERC-404 tokens also solve a critical problem in the NFT space: liquidity.
Using ERC-404, you can sell portions of NFTs via [liquidity
pools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/liquidity-pool). To explain,
liquidity pools lock funds in a smart contract and can facilitate trades
between different assets without needing a third party. When you sell an
ERC-404 token in its liquidity pool, it’s the same as selling the
corresponding NFT directly. Apart from you can send a third of the full NFT or
even an 18th of an NFT in a decentralized manner. Using a smart contract, the
system can recognize the true price of that asset, or fraction of an asset, in
real-time.

With these features, ERC-404 tokens facilitate a more dynamic and efficient
NFT market.

## Top ERC-404 Tokens

The ERC-404 standard is still evolving, thus new tokens drop each day.
However, the three leading ERC-404 tokens are Pandora, DeFrogs, and EtherRock.
Let’s look at these projects and see what makes them different.

### **Pandora**

One of the first tokens on the ERC-404 protocol, Pandora brands itself as a
type of “semi-fungible” token. Pandora’s NFT collection has 10,000 ERC-404
tokens (called “Replicant NFTs”) linked to 10,000 PANDORA tokens, fungible
ERC-20 tokens. Apart from traditional ERC-404 characteristics of fungibility,
Pandora NFTs have a unique feature called “regeneration”. Every time you move
a PANDORA token, the associated NFT “regenerates” to produce a completely
different NFT.

### **DeFrogs**

DeFrogs is a collection of 10,000 Pepe Frog NFTs made using the ERC-404 token
standard. As a classic reference to crypto’s meme culture, DeFrog aims to be a
cute PFP collection with a strong community base.

### **Pundi X PURSE  **

PURSE is a project powered by Pundi X. It aims to act as a loyalty token for
merchants worldwide. The idea is that PURSE will act as an incentive for users
to complete certain tasks or perform certain actions such as writing tweets.
Using the ERC-404 token standard, PURSE users can swap their loyalty tokens
for one another without having to worry about losing out. Since the
fractionalized portions can be split or rejoined together, it’s possible to
exchange one token for another with a calculatable exchange rate.

## Which Platforms Support ERC-404 Tokens?

As ERC-404 tokens are still experimental, and not yet an official asset type
in the Ethereum ecosystem, there are a limited number of platforms that accept
them. That said you can currently interact with them on the following
platforms:

  * Uniswap (a top decentralized exchange)
  * Blur (a popular NFT marketplace for NFT traders)
  * Opensea (The first NFT marketplace)
  * Wasabi Finance (a DeFi Protocol)
  * Peapods Finance (another DeFi Protocol)

Of course, as the ecosystem grows, you can expect more protocols and platforms
to support these assets in the future.

## The Risks of ERC-404 Tokens

As with any experimental technology, the ERC-404 standard is inherently risky.
Since ERC-404 tokens aren’t an official Ethereum standard yet, they haven’t
undergone extensive community testing for security flaws. Put simply, the
ERC-404 standard overlaps two very distinct token standards that were not
initially designed to integrate. Therefore, there is a chance of smart
contract exploits and bugs, which can lead to loss of user funds. To
illustrate, the [first rug pull on ERC-404
](https://twitter.com/CaramelCoffee8/status/1755322527302189353/photo/1)was
executed minutes after the protocol was live.

Plus, established marketplaces may not support them yet, so users should
proceed with caution while using them across DeFi and other applications.

## The Future of ERC-404 Tokens

The future prospects of the ERC-404 token standard are too early to predict.
The next step for ERC-404 tokens is to file an Ethereum Improvement proposal
to get the standard formalized.

However, the EIP approval and implementation process is notoriously slow, with
a timeline that can stretch into years. It might be a while before ERC-404
becomes part of the Ethereum protocol. Developers are also introducing newer
protocols like DN-404 in an attempt to improve on the existing ERC-404
mandate.

That said, experimental Ethereum tokens have seen a lot of interest in the
past. Today, it’s hard to imagine an Ethereum chain without ERC-721 and ERC-20
tokens, which were both unexplored at one point.

But, while ERC-404 tokens are still finding their footing, it’s important to
take a cautious approach. If you’re going to interact with them, consider
segregating your funds across multiple accounts and using a burner wallet.
Doing so will protect your main holdings from the plethora of risks involved
with interacting with experimental assets.

Luckily, using a Ledger device you can generate and manage multiple wallets
within the same interface, allowing you to experience innovations like ERC-404
without endangering your main holdings. That’s the beauty of Ledger’s security
model. Your Ledger device, alongside its trusty companion app Ledger Live,
gives you all of the tools you need to keep your assets safe. So what are you
waiting for? Experience the next frontier of NFTs with a Ledger device.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=ERC-404%20Tokens%3A%20What%20Are%20They%2C%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fnfts%2Ferc-404-tokens-
what-are-they-and-how-do-they-
work&title=ERC-404%20Tokens%3A%20What%20Are%20They%2C%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/scam-nfts-the-spam-emails-of-web3)

[Scam NFTs: The Spam Emails of Web3](https://www.ledger.com/academy/scam-nfts-
the-spam-emails-of-web3)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-token-approvals-explained)

[Ethereum Token Approvals Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-
token-approvals-explained)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

Investing in cryptoassets is not regulated, may not be suitable for retail
investors and the entire amount invested may be lost. It is important to read
and understand the risks of this investment, which are explained in detail.
[in detail at this page](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

