[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance’s 2024 Ramadan Calendar: A Journey of Discovery and Giving

2024-03-08

## Main Takeaways:

  * Join our [_Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) from March 11-20 for daily surprises, community engagement, and over $400,000 in rewards.

  * Dive into special activities like a [Live Super Meetup](https://www.binance.com/en/live/video?roomId=2184265) with CEO Richard Teng, generous referral rewards, and impactful charity initiatives to support families in need.

  * Discover ‘Always On’ activities including riddles, Red Packet giveaways, and social media contests for continuous excitement and rewards throughout Ramadan.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240307/fe8db1d7-b4d6-407e-901d-2a2aa052df94)

_This is a general announcement. Please note that certain activities, products
and services may not be available in your region._

Ramadan holds profound significance for millions around the globe, marking a
period dedicated to fasting, prayer, and acts of charity. In celebration of
this special month, we’re launching our [_2024 Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) on March
11, and running until March 20.

Designed to inspire, unite, and reward, this event aims to bring our diverse
community together during this special time. Visit the Ramadan Calendar each
day to gain access to new surprises, with each day offering something unique.
This blog will walk you through how the calendar works and give you a sneak
peek into the exciting activities and rewards we’ve got planned.

While we’ll keep the details of each day’s surprise under wraps for now — so
as to keep the thrill of discovery alive — we’ll also do a deep dive into
three standout activities that capture the spirit of our celebration. Join us
on this journey of discovery and giving!

## Unveiling the Mystery: How Binance’s Ramadan Calendar Works

The Ramadan Calendar is an innovative way to engage, learn, and earn — a
digital journey that promises not just rewards, but also a communal experience
rooted in the spirit of the holy month. But how does this calendar work, and
what makes it so unique?

### A Daily Unveiling

At the heart of our [_Ramadan
Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) is the
excitement of discovery.

Each day, from March 11 to March 20, a new door on the calendar will be
unlocked, revealing a unique activity, and possible rewards. These activities
are crafted to provide opportunities for giving, learning, and connecting with
the global Binance community.

Whether you’re new to the world of crypto or a seasoned trader, there’s
something in store for everyone. From the joy of sending crypto blessings to
friends, to embarking on trading journeys that reveal hidden treasures, each
day is an invitation to explore, learn, and earn.

### Rewards Worth More Than $400,000

As well as a dynamic array of activities, our Ramadan Calendar also contains
more than $400,000 in rewards to be shared amongst the community. Our
activities are designed to mirror the essence of Ramadan – a time for
reflection, giving, and community. We believe in the power of coming together,
sharing knowledge, and rewarding participation.

Delve into blockchain education, compete in trading contests, and unite with
the community via interactive games and challenges. Prepare for a rewarding
journey of discovery with Binance this Ramadan, where every day brings a new
opportunity for growth and connection.

## Sneak Peek: Key Highlights of Our Ramadan Journey

As mentioned, we’re keeping the daily delights of our Ramadan Calendar under
wraps to keep the suspense alive, but we can’t resist giving you a sneak peek
into some of the key highlights we’ve got lined up. Without spilling all our
secrets, let’s dive into a few special reveals that showcase what we’re all
about this Ramadan: community connections and charitable actions.

### [Day 1] Ramadan Super Meetup: Special Livestream with Our CEO

The calendar kicks off on March 11 with a Super Meetup on Binance Live. Join
Richard Teng, our CEO, for his first major online interaction with the Muslim
community since taking the helm.

Alongside other Binance leaders, Richard will take part in a special
livestream session. We will also dive into the Ramadan Calendar’s upcoming
activities, charity initiatives, and product updates. The AMA will be
moderated by Vishal Sacheendran, Regional Director (MEASA).

This event promises $5,000 in crypto rewards, interactive quizzes, and the
chance to hear all the latest from the people shaping Binance.

### [Day 2] Ramadan Referral Rewards: Hajj with Binance

On March 12, embrace the spirit of giving with our Referral Rewards. This
Ramadan, inviting friends to join Binance can earn you both token vouchers as
a sign of our appreciation. The spotlight, however, shines on the grand prizes
for our top referrers: FDUSD token equivalents towards a Hajj or Umrah
Pilgrimage, reflecting a deep commitment to faith and generosity.

The top referrers will receive substantial rewards, with the first place
earning an 8,000 FDUSD equivalent for a Hajj Pilgrimage and the second to
fifth places each receiving a 4,000 FDUSD equivalent for an Umrah Pilgrimage.
Dive into this unique opportunity to not only share the joy of crypto but also
embark on a spiritual journey, thanks to your referrals this Ramadan.

### [Day 5] Give Back To The World

Our charitable initiative on March 15 partners with local organizations to
support over 1,500 families across Egypt, Gaza, Morocco, and Pakistan. By
distributing food boxes filled with nutritious essentials, we aim to combat
food insecurity and bring hope to those in need. This initiative reflects our
commitment to making a tangible difference during Ramadan. Engage with us to
spread joy and sustenance during this time of reflection and community
support.

## Three ‘Always On’ Activities

As well as the activities to be unlocked each day through March 11-20, our
Ramadan Calendar features a number of ‘Always On’ activities, offering
**free** and **daily** chances to win rewards.

The three activities running throughout the duration of our Ramadan Calendar
are:

  1. **Riddle Me This Ramadan:** Solve Ramadan-themed riddles on Telegram, engage with fellow community members, and share a $15,000 reward pool in FDUSD!

  2. **Red Packet Giveaway:** Claim your FREE Red Packet containing a crypto reward from 0.01 to 3 FDUSD. Earn an extra Red Packet for each friend you successfully invite to take part!

  3. **Fawazir Social Media Contest:** Follow Binance on [_X_](https://twitter.com/binance?ref_src=twsrc%5Egoogle%7Ctwcamp%5Eserp%7Ctwgr%5Eauthor) to take part in four different Ramadan riddles. Solve them to qualify for rewards! Five winners per riddle will each receive 100 FDUSD. Don’t miss out!

## Embrace the Journey with #RamadanWithBinance

Ramadan is a time for reflection, community, and acts of generosity. Our
calendar is designed to echo these values, offering a platform for the
community to come together in the spirit of the season. By participating in
the daily activities, you’re not just earning rewards; you’re also part of a
larger movement of giving and sharing that embodies the essence of Ramadan.

As we count down to the launch of the Ramadan Calendar, the anticipation
grows. Whether you're reading this before March 11 or during the event, click
[_**here**_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024) to
either sign up for pre-launch comms or dive straight into the calendar. This
ensures you're looped into the festivities right from the start, with
#RamadanWithBinance guiding our collective journey.

Engage with the activities, share your experiences, and become part of a
community that’s celebrating Ramadan in a unique and rewarding way. Above all,
warmest wishes for a blessed month to you, your loved ones, and the wider
community — from all of us here at Binance.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance’s 2024 Ramadan Calendar_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/calendar/ramadan-2024)

  * [ _Binance’s Core Values_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/what-are-binances-core-values-421499824684900755)

  * [ _Binance MENA | Binance Live_](https://www.binance.com/en/live/u/27818301)

* * *

**Risk Disclaimer** : _Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance’s 2024 Ramadan Calendar: A Journey of Discovery and Giving

Main Takeaways:

Unveiling the Mystery: How Binance’s Ramadan Calendar Works

Sneak Peek: Key Highlights of Our Ramadan Journey

Three ‘Always On’ Activities

Embrace the Journey with #RamadanWithBinance

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

