$\--

TOTAL OPEN INTEREST

# $\--

+$0.00 (0%)

Price P&L

+$0.00 (0%)

Funding P&L

+$0.00 (0%)

Total Size

Total Position Spread

\--% / \--%

AVAILABLE MARGIN

# $\--

Health

0%

Leverage

x

Total Collateral

$\--

Total Required Margin

\--%

·

$0

Deposit

Withdraw

[](/)

Find

Markets

CTRL + K

Connect

# May Trading Contest

Trade and compete for your chance to win a share of up to 50,000 PRCL, 1B
points, $2,000, and 2 HOA NFTs.

Join Contest

![March Trading
Contest](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhero.36cbaebb.png&w=3840&q=100)

![points icon](/images/points_icon.svg)

Earn Perpetual Points

Earn Perpetual Points that count towards the next $PRCL allocation.

[View Page](/points)

Trade Markets to Participate

Trade live markets in order to participate for contest prizes.

[View Live Markets](/collection/active-markets)

More Traders, More Prizes.For every new trader in the money, 125 PRCL Tokens
and 2.5M Points will be added to the prize pool - distributed in tiers.

Cash Prizes:

First

#### $1000

second

#### $600

third

#### $400

In the Money Raffle:

![prize nfts](/images/contests/hoa_nfts.svg)2 HOA NFTs

Time Left:

03:10:33

5/1/2024 — 5/31/2024

Contest Rules

Rankings are determined by total USDC earned - NOT % return - during the
contest window.

Realized P&L ONLY \- the leaderboard will ONLY reflect realized P&L. Your P&L
on actively open positions WILL NOT reflect on the leaderboard.

Positions DO NOT have to be opened during the contest window - but only
realized P&L will be used on the leaderboard.

In the Money will be limited to 400 traders total. Traders that are In the
Money are eligible for a share of the prize pool paid as a tiered distribution
where higher tiers receive a larger share of the distributions. Only In the
Money traders are eligible for raffled prizes.

Contest LeaderboardTrade any asset with a $5 minimum to participate for Cash
prizes, NFTs, and $PRCL.

[](https://discord.gg/parcl)

[](https://twitter.com/parcl)

[System Status](http://status.parcl.co)

[Privacy Policy](https://www.parcl.co/legal/privacy)

Trading digital currency entails significant risk and is not appropriate for
all users. Digital currency values are not static and fluctuate due to market
changes. Parcl does not provide financial advice or accept liability for any
loss or damages.For legal information, view our [Privacy
Policy](https://www.parcl.co/legal/privacy) and [Terms of
Use.](https://www.parcl.co/legal/terms-of-use)

More Traders, More Prizes.For every new trader in the money, 125 PRCL Tokens
and 2.5M Points will be added to the prize pool - distributed in tiers.

Cash Prizes:

First

#### $1000

second

#### $600

third

#### $400

In the Money Raffle:

![prize nfts](/images/contests/hoa_nfts.svg)2 HOA NFTs

Time Left:

03:10:33

5/1/2024 — 5/31/2024

Contest Rules

Rankings are determined by total USDC earned - NOT % return - during the
contest window.

Realized P&L ONLY \- the leaderboard will ONLY reflect realized P&L. Your P&L
on actively open positions WILL NOT reflect on the leaderboard.

Positions DO NOT have to be opened during the contest window - but only
realized P&L will be used on the leaderboard.

In the Money will be limited to 400 traders total. Traders that are In the
Money are eligible for a share of the prize pool paid as a tiered distribution
where higher tiers receive a larger share of the distributions. Only In the
Money traders are eligible for raffled prizes.

![vp modal](/images/vp_1.svg)

# Navigate Global Real Estate Markets

Market Trends: Track and trade on the ups and downs of real estate markets

Global Indexes: Access the total real estate market, not just single
properties

Capital Efficiency: Trade real estate Perpetual Futures on margin

Required EU Disclosure

Please note that you are entering the website of the Parcl dApp. Parcl is not
authorised in the European Union to provide investment services. By using this
website, you agree to waive the protection afforded under European Union rules
(MiFID II).

I understand

Continue

![coinbase logo](/images/archetype_dark.svg)

![coinbase logo](/images/dragonfly_dark.svg)

![coinbase logo](/images/coinbase_dark.svg)

