Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Weak subjectivity

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What problems does weak subjectivity solve?
  * Weak subjectivity checkpoints
  * Difference between weak subjectivity checkpoints and finalized blocks
  * How weak is weak?
  * Further Reading

Subjectivity in blockchains refers to reliance upon social information to
agree on the current state. There may be multiple valid forks that are chosen
from according to information gathered from other peers on the network. The
converse is objectivity which refers to chains where there is only one
possible valid chain that all nodes will necessarily agree upon by applying
their coded rules. There is also a third state, known as weak subjectivity.
This refers to a chain that can progress objectively after some initial seed
of information is retrieved socially.

## Prerequisites

To understand this page it is necessary to first understand the fundamentals
of [proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/).

## What problems does weak subjectivity solve?

Subjectivity is inherent to proof-of-stake blockchains because selecting the
correct chain from multiple forks is done by counting historical votes. This
exposes the blockchain to several attack vectors, including long-range attacks
whereby nodes that participated very early in the chain maintain an
alternative fork that they release much later to their own advantage.
Alternatively, if 33% of validators withdraw their stake but continue to
attest and produce blocks, they might generate an alternative fork that
conflicts with the canonical chain. New nodes or nodes that have been offline
for a long time might not be aware that these attacking validators have
withdrawn their funds, so attackers could trick them into following an
incorrect chain. Ethereum can solve these attack vectors by imposing
constraints that diminish the subjective aspects of the mechanism—and
therefore trust assumptions—to the bare minimum.

## Weak subjectivity checkpoints

Weak subjectivity is implemented in proof-of-stake Ethereum by using "weak
subjectivity checkpoints". These are state roots that all nodes on the network
agree belong in the canonical chain. They serve the same "universal truth"
purpose to genesis blocks, except that they do not sit at the genesis position
in the blockchain. The fork choice algorithm trusts that the blockchain state
defined in that checkpoint is correct and that it independently and
objectively verifies the chain from that point onwards. The checkpoints act as
"revert limits" because blocks located before weak-subjectivity checkpoints
cannot be changed. This undermines long-range attacks simply by defining long-
range forks to be invalid as part of the mechanism design. Ensuring that the
weak subjectivity checkpoints are separated by a smaller distance than the
validator withdrawal period ensures that a validator that forks the chain is
slashed at least some threshold amount before they can withdraw their stake
and that new entrants cannot be tricked onto incorrect forks by validators
whose stake has been withdrawn.

## Difference between weak subjectivity checkpoints and finalized blocks

Finalized blocks and weak subjectivity checkpoints are treated differently by
Ethereum nodes. If a node becomes aware of two competing finalized blocks,
then it is torn between the two - it has no way to identify automatically
which is the canonical fork. This is symptomatic of a consensus failure. In
contrast, a node simply rejects any block that conflicts with its weak
subjectivity checkpoint. From the node's perspective, the weak subjectivity
checkpoint represents an absolute truth that cannot be undermined by new
knowledge from its peers.

## How weak is weak?

The subjective aspect of Ethereum's proof-of-stake is the requirement for a
recent state (weak subjectivity checkpoint) from a trusted source to sync
from. The risk of getting a bad weak subjectivity checkpoint is very low
because they can be checked against several independent public sources such as
block explorers or multiple nodes. However, there is always some degree of
trust required to run any software application, for example, trusting that the
software developers have produced honest software.

A weak subjectivity checkpoint may even come as part of the client software.
Arguably an attacker can corrupt the checkpoint in the software and can just
as easily corrupt the software itself. There is no real crypto-economic route
around this problem, but the impact of untrustworthy developers is minimized
in Ethereum by having multiple independent client teams, each building
equivalent software in different languages, all with a vested interest in
maintaining an honest chain. Block explorers may also provide weak
subjectivity checkpoints or a way to cross-reference checkpoints obtained from
elsewhere against an additional source.

Finally, checkpoints can be requested from other nodes; perhaps another
Ethereum user that runs a full node can provide a checkpoint that validators
can then verify against data from a block explorer. Overall, trusting the
provider of a weak subjectivity checkpoint can be considered as problematic as
trusting the client developers. The overall trust required is low. It is
important to note that these considerations only become important in the very
unlikely event that a majority of validators conspire to produce an alternate
fork of the blockchain. Under any other circumstances, there is only one
Ethereum chain to choose from.

## Further Reading

  * [Weak subjectivity in Eth2(opens in a new tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/@adiasg/weak-subjectvity-eth2)
  * [Vitalik: How I learned to love weak subjectivity(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/11/25/proof-stake-learned-love-weak-subjectivity/)
  * [Weak subjectivity (Teku docs)(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.teku.consensys.net/en/latest/Concepts/Weak-Subjectivity/)
  * [Phase-0 Weak subjectivity guide(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/dev/specs/phase0/weak-subjectivity.md)
  * [Analysis of weak subjectivity in Ethereum 2.0(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/runtimeverification/beacon-chain-verification/blob/master/weak-subjectivity/weak-subjectivity-analysis.pdf)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-subjectivity/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What problems does weak subjectivity solve?
    * Weak subjectivity checkpoints
    * Difference between weak subjectivity checkpoints and finalized blocks
    * How weak is weak?
    * Further Reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

