[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E7%A1%AC%E4%BB%B6%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85%E5%AF%B9%E6%AF%94%E5%86%B7%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85%E6%9C%89%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E4%B8%8D%E5%90%8C)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-walletsnbsp-quelles-sont-les-differencesnbsp)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/billeteras-de-hardware-en-comparacion-a-billeteras-frias-cual-es-la-diferencia)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/security/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-wallets-qual-e-a-diferenca)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E7%A1%AC%E4%BB%B6%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85%E5%AF%B9%E6%AF%94%E5%86%B7%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85%E6%9C%89%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E4%B8%8D%E5%90%8C)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-walletsnbsp-quelles-sont-les-differencesnbsp)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/billeteras-de-hardware-en-comparacion-a-billeteras-frias-cual-es-la-diferencia)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/security/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-wallets-qual-e-a-diferenca)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * Hardware Wallets Vs Cold Wallets: What’s the Difference?

# Hardware Wallets Vs Cold Wallets: What’s the Difference?

By **Ledger**

Jul 21, 2022 | **Updated Aug 30, 2023**

__Read 4 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-
wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Hardware%20Wallets%20Vs%20Cold%20Wallets%3A%20What%27s%20the%20Difference%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-
wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-wallets-and-
cold-wallets-whats-the-difference
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-
wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-
difference&title=Hardware%20Wallets%20Vs%20Cold%20Wallets%3A%20What%27s%20the%20Difference%3F
"Reddit")

![security](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/09_Security_Thumbnail_Orange-1024x576.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Your private keys are crucial to your crypto and how you store them is
critical to their safety.  
  
— The main threats to your private keys are hacks, which are deployed via your
internet connection – this is why offline storage for your keys is so crucial.  
  
— Offline wallets come in two types. There are important distinctions when
looking at cold wallets vs hardware wallets, and understanding how to deploy
each one is critical for your security.  
  
— A hardware wallet that is active online still faces threats from smart
contract interactions – only an inactive, truly cold wallet is completely
safe.  
  
_Cold wallet, hardware wallet – it’s the same thing, right? Actually, these
are two different things with different utilities and levels of security. And
the most interesting part? Both can exist within the same Ledger device. Here
we explain._

If you like interacting with web3 – participating in
[DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-defi) or NFT trading – you will
have interacted with a smart contract with your crypto wallet. In fact, most
blockchain applications are built on smart contracts. However, signing
contracts on the blockchain is exactly as it sounds – you’re agreeing to
specific terms and conditions. So, if you’re doing that with a wallet that
contains valuable assets, you might want to reassess.

You might already know that different crypto wallets offer different levels of
security. For example, software wallets- those that connect to the internet-
are inherently less secure than hardware wallets, which keep [private
keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key) offline. However,
did you know that the way you use your hardware wallet impacts its security?

But before we get there let’s explore the most important questions. For
example, what is a hardware wallet vs a cold wallet, and is there even a
difference between the two?

## Cold Wallets vs Hardware Wallets: What’s The Difference?

Both hardware wallets and cold wallets store private keys offline. But they
aren’t the same thing. To keep it simple, cold wallets are a type of crypto
wallet which doesn’t connect to any outside source. It merely holds assets and
executes transfers back and forth from your other wallets.

On the other hand, hardware wallets are physical devices which store private
keys and sign transactions offline. It’s true, that may sound familiar to a
cold wallet. And, indeed, you might already know that hardware wallets are
popular choices as cold wallets. But as similar as they sound, these terms are
not interchangeable.

So how do they differ exactly? Well, let’s first go back to basics and explain
what hardware and cold wallets are exactly.

## What Is a Hardware Wallet?

Put simply, a [hardware wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
hardware-wallet) is a physical device that stores your private keys; the ones
that control your crypto account. While a hardware wallet can connect to your
phone or computer, it actually keeps your private key in an isolated
environment and signs transactions offline. This keeps your private key safe
from online threats and scams.

While signing transactions securely is a hardware wallet’s core functionality,
these types of wallets also offer a host of other benefits. For starters, they
can generate multiple blockchain addresses or accounts across several
different networks. Each of these accounts works separately, with a separate
private key for each account, all protected by one easy to manage secret
recovery phrase.

While many think that hardware wallets are purely for storage, it’s actually a
common misconception. A hardware wallet can also faciliate your connection to
web3 apps and services too. Put simply, a hardware wallet is a multi-faceted
physical device, allowing you custody over your private keys while protecting
them.

## What Is a Cold wallet?

A [cold wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-
wallet) keeps your private keys offline and it never interacts with smart
contracts. It’s a type of crypto wallet simply for storage purposes. The only
thing a cold wallet does is transfer and receive assets. Since it doesn’t
interact with anything potentially malicious, the account stays safe from
online hackers and malicious transactions.

While cold wallets come in many shapes and size, such as paper wallets, sound
wallets and many more, the most popular choice for cold crypto storage is a
hardware wallet. It’s no guessing why they are so popular: they are accessible
and easy-to-use, even for a beginner.

As a first option, it’s easy to use your whole hardware device as a cold
wallet. To do so, you’d make sure you only ever send and receive assets from
that entire device, leaving it as a sort of digital vault.

### Setting up an Account as a Cold Wallet

For web3 explorers that want to interact with blockchain apps and services,
creating a “cold wallet” within your existing hardware wallet may be a better
option. To clarify, hardware wallets allow you to create multiple accounts.
These accounts work independently on the device, meaning if you sign a
malicious transaction with one account, your other accounts stay secure. With
this knowledge, you can [segregate your
assets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/segregate-crypto-assets) within the
same device and designate one specific account as a “cold wallet”.

So how does this work exactly?

Well, all you have to do is set up a new account and only use it for sending
and receiving assets. This guarantees it stays completely isolated from your
other accounts. Imagine you connect to a third-party wallet and approve a
malicious transaction on one account. In this case, your “cold wallet” would
stay secure, as your hardware wallet protects the keys from both accounts
separately.

In short, a cold wallet is a great way to guarantee you don’t accidentally
sign away your most precious assets. Using this method, YOU determine whether
a specific wallet address within your Ledger will be cold or not, by deciding
if you will (or won’t) sign a transaction with it.

## Cold Wallets vs Hardware Wallets: Why it Matters

Hardware wallets are secure from online hacks, but they can’t stop you from
interacting with malicious smart contracts, liaising with bad actors or
falling for social engineering scams. To explain, every time you sign a
blockchain transaction, you’re accepting its terms and conditions. Thus, if
you sign a malicious smart contract with an address containing valuable crypto
and tokens, there’s not much you can do. The hacker may be able to drain your
funds.

Of course, there are a number of reasons you can end up signing something you
shouldn’t have. For example, not all smart contract details can be fully
displayed to users on a hardware wallet. In this case, you’re forced to agree
to the interaction based on trust, rather than full knowledge of the contract
conditions. Then even if you can see the contract details, not everyone knows
what to look for either. If you want to be sure of what you’re signing, check
out the Ledger Academy guide on [smart contract
functions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/smart-contract-functions-essential-
red-flags-to-know-about).

Although there are several tools to help, signing smart contracts is
unavoidable for Web3 users and even the most experienced Web3 user makes
mistakes. So, staying secure is not just about keeping your keys offline, but
also taking measures to ensure your exposure is minimized if/when you ever
make the wrong call. Generating a “cold wallet” account on your Ledger device,
and only using other accounts to sign approvals, will ensure that you keep
your valuable assets safe.

## Hardware Vs Cold Wallets: Segregating Your Assets Is Key

For each blockchain asset, you can create multiple, separate accounts. Each of
these is isolated, and not impacted by anything that happens to the others.
The result? If you make a mistake and sign a malicious smart contract with
your active Web3 wallet, the rest of your assets will remain safe.

When you [buy a Ledger](https://shop.ledger.com/), you can be confident your
keys are offline at all times, but it’s up to you to decide how much of your
crypto is exposed to smart contract risk. You are in charge, and we’re here to
make sure you understand your options. Security isn’t about hoping for the
best – it’s about being prepared for the worst, no matter how careful you are.
By taking these simple steps, you’ll be free to explore the digital ecosystem
with minimal worry!

### Be bold, be safe, and stay educated

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/YT_THUMBNAILS_01-1-1-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/crypto-how-to-keep-it-safe)

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-
wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Hardware%20Wallets%20Vs%20Cold%20Wallets%3A%20What%27s%20the%20Difference%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-
wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-wallets-and-
cold-wallets-whats-the-difference
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhardware-
wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-
difference&title=Hardware%20Wallets%20Vs%20Cold%20Wallets%3A%20What%27s%20the%20Difference%3F
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Can I Recover My Hot Wallet on a…
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/can-i-recover-my-hot-wallet-on-a-ledger "Can
I Recover My Hot Wallet on a Ledger?")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E7%A1%AC%E4%BB%B6%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85%E5%AF%B9%E6%AF%94%E5%86%B7%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85%E6%9C%89%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E4%B8%8D%E5%90%8C)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-walletsnbsp-quelles-sont-les-differencesnbsp)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-wallets-whats-the-difference)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/billeteras-de-hardware-en-comparacion-a-billeteras-frias-cual-es-la-diferencia)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/security/hardware-wallets-vs-cold-wallets-qual-e-a-diferenca)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

