Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Guides](/en/guides/)/
  3. [How to swap tokens](/en/guides/how-to-swap-tokens/)

Page last updated: February 27, 2024

On this page

  * 1\. Connect your wallet to the decentralized exchange (DEX) of your choice
  * 2\. Select the pair of tokens you wish to swap
  * 3\. Enter the amount of tokens you want to trade and click swap
  * 4\. Confirm the transaction
  * 5\. Wait for the transaction to be processed
  * Frequently asked questions
    * Can I swap ETH for BTC from my wallet?
    * What is slippage?

# How to swap tokens

Are you tired of searching for an exchange that lists all your favorite
tokens? You can swap most of the tokens using _decentralized exchanges_.

A token swap involves the exchange of two different assets that exist on the
Ethereum network, for example swapping ETH for DAI (an _ERC-20_ token). The
process is very fast and cheap. You will need to have a crypto wallet to swap
tokens.

**Prerequisite:**

  * have a _crypto wallet_ , you can follow this tutorial: [How to: "Register" an Ethereum account](/en/guides/how-to-create-an-ethereum-account/)
  * add funds to your wallet

## 1\. Connect your wallet to the decentralized exchange (DEX) of your choice

Some popular exchanges are:

  * [Uniswap(opens in a new tab)](https://app.uniswap.org/#/swap)
  * [Sushiswap(opens in a new tab)](https://www.sushi.com/swap)
  * [1Inch(opens in a new tab)](https://app.1inch.io/#/1/unified/swap/ETH/DAI)
  * [Curve(opens in a new tab)](https://curve.fi/#/ethereum/swap)

Interesting? Learn more about what [decentralised finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)
is and how these new kinds of exchanges work.

## 2\. Select the pair of tokens you wish to swap

For example, ETH and DAI. Make sure you have funds in one of the two tokens.
[![Common interface for swapping](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-
to-swap-tokens%2Fswap1.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-swap-
tokens/swap1.png)

## 3\. Enter the amount of tokens you want to trade and click swap

The exchange will automatically calculate how many tokens you will get.

[![Common interface for swapping](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-
to-swap-tokens%2Fswap2.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-swap-
tokens/swap2.png)

## 4\. Confirm the transaction

Review the details of the transaction. Check the exchange rate and any other
fees to prevent ugly surprises.

[![Common interface for reviewing the
transaction](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-to-swap-
tokens%2Fswap3.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-swap-tokens/swap3.png)

## 5\. Wait for the transaction to be processed

You can view the progress of the transaction on any blockchain explorer. This
process should not take longer than 10 minutes.

You will automatically receive the swapped tokens in your wallet once the
transaction is processed.

  

![ðŸ‘€](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f440.svg)

Want to learn more?

[See our other guides](/en/guides/)

## Frequently asked questions

### Can I swap ETH for BTC from my wallet?

No, you can only swap tokens that are native to the Ethereum network, such as
ETH, ERC-20 tokens or NFTs. You can only swap "wrapped" forms of Bitcoin that
live on Ethereum.

### What is slippage?

It is the difference between your expected exchange rate and the actual rate.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/guides/how-to-swap-tokens/index.md)
  * On this page

    * 1\. Connect your wallet to the decentralized exchange (DEX) of your choice
    * 2\. Select the pair of tokens you wish to swap
    * 3\. Enter the amount of tokens you want to trade and click swap
    * 4\. Confirm the transaction
    * 5\. Wait for the transaction to be processed
    * Frequently asked questions
      * Can I swap ETH for BTC from my wallet?
      * What is slippage?

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Decentralized exchange (DEX)

A type of Ethereum app that lets you swap tokens with peers on the network.
DEXes are not subject to geographical restrictions like centralized exchanges
â€“ anyone can participate.

### ERC-20

Is the standard set of rules that most tokens on Ethereum network are created
with.

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

