[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * F) Blockchain Basics __
  * ... __
  * How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?

The Classroom

PATHWAY F) Blockchain Basics

chapter 1/4

# How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?

Jan 13, 2022 | **Updated Sep 13, 2023**

__Read 5 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20Does%20a%20Blockchain%20Transaction%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-does-a-blockchain-
transaction-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-
work&title=How%20Does%20a%20Blockchain%20Transaction%20Work%3F "Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Even if you’re familiar with crypto, you might still be unsure of exactly
how a blockchain transaction works.  
  
— Blockchain is a distributed ledger that is kept running by various parties,
such as nodes and miners, all of whom have the incentive to act.  
  
— Factors such as transaction size, timing, block size and network usage all
affect how your transaction will take place. Understanding the mechanics of
that system will help you navigate your future transactions.  
  
You might already know about [blockchain
technology](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain), and maybe even
how your favorite cryptocurrency works, but do you know what a blockchain
transaction is and how it works under the hood?

Well on a base level, blockchain is just a massive distributed ledger or
database, with its data stored on every computer in the system rather than a
server. Its primary purpose is as a method of peer-to-peer (P2P) transfer. In
short, it allowed people across the world to send digital assets amongst
themselves without a need for a central entity. But it’s not just about the
transfer of digital assets either. Blockchain transactions offer great
solutions for digital verification and authentication too.

That said, there’s one core feature of blockchain networks that make these
use-cases slightly tricky. Since many blockchains are completely transparent
and public, it can make the storage of sensitive information challenging. So
how does the blockchain get around that?

Well, there’s a lot more to transactions than just how they handle
transparency. But before we get there, let’s dive into the basics. In fact,
what is a blockchain transaction exactly?

## What is a Blockchain Transaction?

In very simple terms, a blockchain transaction is when one person transfers a
digital asset they own to another person. The transaction itself will always
include; the amount, the destination of the funds and a signature to prove its
authenticity. Plus, you’ll usually initiate a blockchain transaction using a
[crypto wallet’](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-
crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet)s interface.

But there’s a bit more to it than that.

To explain, these features mean blockchain transactions are potentially
revolutionary in the realm of transferring valuable assets. To understand
exactly why, let’s explore what blockchain transactions are for in the first
place:

## What is a Blockchain Transaction For?

### Decentralized Peer-To-Peer Transfer

The most obvious use-case of a blockchain transaction is the decentralized
peer-to-peer transfer of digital assets. See, the information on a public
blockchain is stored, maintained and processed by multiple computers in the
network called nodes. Whereas internet data lives on servers with a single
gatekeeper, there are multiple nodes storing blockchain data, with each node
storing a full copy of the chain. This means blockchains can process peer-to-
peer transfers in a way that wasn’t previously possible.

Since transactions are processed by nodes in a network, you don’t need to rely
on a centralized entity. Plus, you can transact with strangers without
worrying about if they will hold up their end of the bargain—the network will
make sure they do.

### Authentication and Verification

A blockchain transaction is also for proving ownership over funds, a specific
address, or even a specific asset. It may surprise you that this doesn’t
always need to be for financial reasons though. Many blockchain transactions
are also for the purpose of proving ownership over on-chain certificates or
even specifically for allowing users access to token-gated platforms.

## How Does a Blockchain Transaction Stay Secure?

The whole point of a blockchain transaction is to allow peer-to-peer transfer
without revealing sensitive information to anyone other than the intended
recipient. You wouldn’t want someone to intercept your transaction and steal
the gift intended for your friend, right?

So how does your information stay secure on a public and transparent network?

### Public Key Cryptography

Well, it’s mainly thanks to Public Key Cryptography. To explain, you can’t
have a transfer from person to person without separate accounts. Accounts on
blockchain networks work using [public and private key
pairs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-
private-keys). These two “keys” are each a series of letters and numbers but
they have an important purpose.

Your [private key](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key) has the
power to control your entire account. This allows you to make decisions on the
blockchain, or in other words, sign transactions. Your public key serves the
opposite purpose. Although it is derived from your private key, meaning they
have an inherent link, your public key is safe to share with anyone. No one
can gain access to your account with only the public key, meaning this is the
address you can use to receive assets—even from strangers. In fact, the
[blockchain address](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/public-address)
you use to receive crypto from friends is simply a hashed version of this
public key.

Since your public key is included in any transaction you sign with your
private key, all participants on a blockchain can check the validity of a
transaction. The system verifies the signature itself, all the nodes have to
do is check that the person who signed the transaction has the corresponding
public key. Once the system processes the transaction, only the owner of the
corresponding private key can access the funds. Each account only has a single
private key, meaning no other signature can unlock the funds at that address.

Essentially, this is how public key cryptography works to keep your blockchain
transactions safe on a public network.

## How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?

So now you know what a blockchain transaction is and what they are for, what
about how they work?

Well, to initiate a transaction, you probably know you’ll need these public
and private keys, and you’ll typically access them through the interface of a
crypto wallet. But beyond that, how does the transaction process work exactly?
Let’s explore each phase step-by step:

### Creating a transaction

Before a blockchain transaction actually becomes a transaction, it starts life
as the “intent” in a crypto wallet. This is essentially like an electronic
proposal, and it will show you the details of a proposed transaction before
you agree to it. For example, if you were initiating a transaction to send ETH
to a friend, it would contain the sender’s address (your public key), the
destination address (wherever you’re sending funds), the subject of the
transfer (the amount of ETH you want to send) and any other conditions.

### Signing the Transaction

When you approve a transaction, you sign it with your private key. This proves
that you own the account you intend to send money from and agree with the
conditions of the transfer. This signed transaction also contains the
information for where the assets should move—a specific public address. That
allows the recipient to access the funds with their associated private key
later.

### Distribution To The Nodes

Once you sign a transaction, it’s then distributed to the crypto nodes. Within
each node, the transaction enters the mempool. This is like a waiting room for
transactions, but it’s important to note that there’s not a single mempool,
there is one for each node. This means the nodes may validate transactions in
a different order in this phase. Plus, some mempools are completely private.
Since anyone can be a block creator, it actually means you can validate your
own transactions and include them in a block. This means that some block
creators will make their mempool private, only processing transactions from
themselves and their associates.

### Verification in the Mempool

It’s within the mempool that a node categorizes a transaction into one of two
different statuses: queued or pending. Queued transactions are yet to be
validated. To validate your transaction, nodes use your public key (which was
included in the transaction) to check if your account has the digital assets
you want to move. It also checks the validity of your signature. If everything
is fine, the node validates the transaction and passes it on to the next node.
Then the process continues.

### Block Creators

So in a system that has no central structure, you might wonder who actually
adds the transaction to a block and broadcasts it. Well, most blockchains have
a set of special nodes that can add new blocks to the chain. If you’ve ever
wondered why we pay gas fees; here’s your answer: They compensate for the
financial burden of creating a block.

On proof-of-work networks, like Bitcoin, those are
[miners](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-mining-what-is-it), and these
participants create new blocks by solving complex mathematical problems, which
requires specialized equipment and a lot of energy.

On a proof-of-stake blockchain these block creators are named
[validators](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-blockchain-validator).
Instead of racing to solve a complex mathematical problem, validators must
lock up a certain amount of cryptocurrency in order to create a block. In this
system, the creator of the block is chosen using either a voting mechanism, or
simply by which validator has the most “stake”, i.e. coins locked up in the
system.

So, each blockchain has a different method of choosing a block creator, and
it’s these special nodes which are responsible for proposing blocks.

### Block proposal

Next, the block creator will choose a transaction from the mempool and propose
to add it to the chain. The block is sealed with a hash, which basically
includes all of the transaction information.

### Broadcasting and Verification

Next, the miner or validator node will broadcast the transaction to the
network. This means all of the nodes will receive the information of the
proposed block and verify its details.

For example, on a proof-of-work network, the block creator must find the
correct solution to an incredibly complex computational problem. Only the
quickest accurate block creator will get to propose the block. But following
that, all of the other nodes will also solve the problem too–essentially
checking that the proposed solution is correct. Plus, they will check all of
the transaction details, verifying the sender has the funds they want to send,
and the transaction fits the network’s underlying rules, also known as its
consensus mechanism. These rules are the same in all network nodes scattered
across the planet – meaning they will all come to the same conclusion for each
block.

### Consensus

Consensus is reached when the majority of nodes reach the same conclusion: If
the proposed block is valid, the nodes agree to add it to the ledger. So if
you were sending cryptocurrency to a friend, the copy of the blockchain in
each node would update to remove the funds from your account and add them into
your friend’s. At this point, the transaction is finalized and the block
creator receives the block reward.

Next, the other nodes in the system remove the transaction from their mempools
and they all move on to the next block.

### How Do Blockchains Solve Discrepancies in The Chain?

Unlike in the mempool, nodes must all receive validated blocks in the same
order. Once the transaction is included in a block, it becomes an immutable
part of the blockchain’s history. That’s because each block’s hash relies on
the subsequent and previous blocks. This means, if a transaction is altered,
it will undermine the security of the whole network. Essentially, the nodes
can identify bad transactions as a single mistake will affect the validation
of subsequent blocks.

So, we know how this can protect us from bad actors pushing through invalid
transactions, but what about mistakes?

Well, some nodes might be slower or faster to send around information than
others. To help curb any discrepancies, many networks also have in-built
rules. For example, on the Bitcoin network, the version of the chain with the
longest valid chain of transactions is the “true copy”. This is because
Bitcoin prioritizes the version of the chain which the most work already
completed. This guarantees all nodes update to the most recent chain.

## How Blockchain Transactions Work: The Bus Station Analogy

Understanding block times, mempool size, and pending transactions are key to
understanding not only how the blockchains work but for comparing different
chains. It can be technical, so let’s use an example to illustrate exactly how
it works.

### Block size is like the Bus

Imagine a bus station. Each bus represents a block that is going to be
included on the blockchain and each person at the station represents a
blockchain transaction waiting to be processed. Each bus can only hold a
certain number of people, but depending on the sizes and needs of the people,
that number can vary from bus to bus.

Some people are smaller than others, and therefore take up less space on the
bus. Some people are richer than others, and more willing to pay for a first
class ticket- just to board before the rest.

Blockchain transactions are similar. Some contain lots of information, and
some contain less. However, there’s only a limited amount of space in a block.
Then, just like our first class passengers, some participants are willing to
pay a higher fee to slip their transaction in first.

### The Ticket Officer is Your Consensus Mechanism

Just like a bus station’s ticket officer will check all of the passengers have
the correct tickets for the bus, the consensus mechanism of a blockchain will
allow the nodes to verify if a transaction is valid. Using this information,
they send each person to the waiting area.

Once the passengers are ready to depart, or our transactions are ready to be
included in a block, it’s time to broadcast them. For this, we rely on a block
creator (or a bus driver in this analogy). For doing this work, the bus driver
receives payment, just like our block creator receives rewards for their work.

However, this leads the bus driver, or our block creators, to prioritize the
transactions with the highest fees. Simply, their rewards are entirely
dependent on how much the passengers (or transactors) are willing to pay.
Unfortunately, this has a knock-on effect. During times of high network
congestion, this can skyrocket network fees. To explain, if the network is
busy, you’re fighting to pay a higher fee than other transactors. Essentially
if there are only a few buses, and the bus drivers get paid by the passengers,
those willing to pay the most go first. And that’s essentially how block
creators handle blockchain transactions too.

![](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/Kq9KJMgwTNUfYcgY8GGi57GS6I5Xe4o6eFx9AT54h_FqQhXMq-
nI4ZQ2DOeKKXHOqjLXO8VtMkovmnjEyenGI8tViMWIY3ICC--jDzV-
da8_Dd53szFZ8R-5nuY5uVm9LJe_iCTo)Image credit: TxStreet.com

## Blockchain Demystified

Now you know all about how a blockchain transaction works, and how the
mempool, block creators and consensus rules all work together to keep you
secure. So, it’s easy to see that these transactions are at the heart of our
decentralized future. Without them, decentralized finance, on-chain governance
and even creative innovations like blockchain games and metaverses wouldn’t
exist! In short, they are creating a fairer balance of power between big
central entities and regular people.

But it’s not just decentralization either. Blockchain transactions open up a
whole new world of possibilities in the way we look at verification and
authentication. Yes—a blockchain transaction is not just for transfer of
assets. It also has a strong use-case as a tamper-proof form of validating ID,
ownership over assets and much much more.

In short, blockchain transactions are about much more than money: They offer
ownership, validation—and essentially—freedom.

### Knowledge is Power.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/6-min-1-1024x576.png)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-
of-block/episode-6-back-to-basics-what-is-blockchain)

Trust yourself and keep on learning. Understanding the mechanics of blockchain
gives you a major edge when it comes to navigating the space. So dive into our
**School of Block** episode all about the details.  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20Does%20a%20Blockchain%20Transaction%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-does-a-blockchain-
transaction-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-
work&title=How%20Does%20a%20Blockchain%20Transaction%20Work%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do…
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one
"Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding)

[What is Sharding?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sharding)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-proof-
of-stake-npos)

[What Is Nominated Proof of Stake
(NPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-
proof-of-stake-npos)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-ripple)

[What Is Ripple (XRP)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-ripple)

__Read

9 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=36f4b780-4d93-44e1-ba9e-e9cc0d7eff71&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=378f3c42-cdf0-4936-b4fc-97a217780384&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=36f4b780-4d93-44e1-ba9e-e9cc0d7eff71&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=378f3c42-cdf0-4936-b4fc-97a217780384&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=57038af9-a1bf-4974-bb60-a7647a4702b0&sid=f63b2f001cfc11efa1ca5faaed83ddc3&vid=f63b67601cfc11ef87fd7f9db3fd1ddb&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=How%20Does%20a%20Blockchain%20Transaction%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-work&r=&lt=3154&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=911904)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A06%20GMT&n=0&b=How%20Does%20a%20Blockchain%20Transaction%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fhow-
does-a-blockchain-transaction-work&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

