  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Web3](/blog?category=Web3)  >  [What are
Tokenized Real World Assets in Web3?](/blog/what-are-tokenized-real-world-
assets-in-web3)

##### Web3

# What are Tokenized Real World Assets in Web3?

Published on: Apr 5, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Tokenized Real World Assets?**
  * **What is Tokenization?**
  * **RWA Crypto Tokens**
  * **The Effects of RWAs in Web3**
  * **Examples of Tokenized RWAs in Web3**
  * **How to Deposit RWA Crypto Tokens to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Discover the role of real world assets in Web3. Explore how tangible assets
merge with blockchain technology for a decentralized future.

![What are Tokenized Real World Assets in
Web3?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftokenized_assets_web3_4e0a334a11.png&w=3840&q=75)

Real world assets, or RWAs, are an asset class gaining popularity within the
[crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto) and web3 ecosystem. They
represent traditional assets that exist outside the digital world. RWAs hold
immense potential to reshape the financial landscape within
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com). RWAs offer increased accessibility,
fractional ownership, and innovative investment avenues for all investors.

Let's explore how RWAs are bridging the gap between the physical and digital
worlds.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What are Tokenized Real World Assets?

Tokenized Real world assets (RWAs) are blockchain-based digital tokens that
represent physical and traditional financial assets. These assets bridge the
gap between traditional, physical assets and the decentralized nature of
blockchain technology.

RWAs comprise a broad category of assets that hold value in the traditional
world, and exist outside the digital sphere. These can be classified into two
main groups:

  * **Tangible assets:** These are physical objects with inherent value. Examples include real estate, commodities, precious metals, artwork, and other collectibles.

  * **Financial assets:** These represent ownership or claims on financial instruments. Examples include stocks, bonds, and cash (represented by stablecoins, which are cryptocurrencies pegged to a fiat currency).

The key characteristic of RWAs is that their value originates from their real-
world properties, not from their digital representation. By leveraging
blockchain technology, however, RWAs can be transformed into digital tokens,
unlocking a range of new possibilities for ownership, investment, and trade.

### Blockchain Tech and RWAs

Blockchain technology has become the cornerstone for integrating RWAs into the
digital landscape, revolutionizing the way traditional assets are represented
and traded. Through a process known as asset tokenization, blockchain
transforms physical assets into digital tokens, enabling seamless transactions
and ownership transfers on decentralized networks.

## What is Tokenization?

Asset tokenization involves the creation of digital tokens, each representing
a fraction or whole of a tangible asset. These tokens are then recorded and
managed on a blockchain ledger, providing a transparent and immutable record
of ownership. Smart contracts further facilitate the automation of processes.
This includes asset transfers and payments, eliminating the need for
intermediaries.

Tokenization transforms RWAs into divisible digital assets, enabling
fractional ownership. This process enhances accessibility to illiquid assets
and ensures transparency in asset transactions. Additionally, the use of smart
contracts streamlines administrative processes, reducing operational costs and
increasing efficiency in asset management.

Assets like [Chainlink](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-chainlink-
using-trust-wallet-a-visual-guide) (LINK) and
[Avalanche](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-avax) (AVAX)
play significant roles in facilitating the tokenization and integration of
RWAs into the blockchain ecosystem. Chainlink, for example, acts as a
decentralized oracle network, providing reliable and secure data feeds that
enable smart contracts to interact with real-world data sources.

![tokenized-assets-web3-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftokenized_assets_web3_1_4c77cae302.png&w=3840&q=75)

Overall, tokenization serves as a cornerstone in unlocking the potential of
RWAs within the Web3 ecosystem, bridging the gap between traditional finance
and decentralized innovation.

## RWA Crypto Tokens

RWA crypto tokens are a bridge between traditional finance and the
decentralized world of DeFi (Decentralized Finance). RWA crypto tokens
represent ownership of RWAs that are tokenized and placed on a blockchain.

By tokenizing real world assets on blockchain networks, RWA crypto tokens
unlock a myriad of benefits for investors and stakeholders. They enable
fractional ownership, allowing investors to purchase and trade fractions of
high-value assets.

## The Effects of RWAs in Web3

The effects of RWAs in [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-
web3-the-future-of-the-internet) has the potential to ripple through various
markets, creating a more accessible, efficient, and transparent financial
ecosystem. Here's how RWAs can transform different sectors:

### Democratizing Investments

Traditionally illiquid assets like real estate or artwork become more
accessible through tokenization. Dividing them into smaller, tradable tokens
allows for a wider range of investors to participate. This also injects
liquidity into the market, benefiting both asset owners (easier access to
capital) and investors (broader investment opportunities).

### Transforming Traditional Markets

RWAs have the potential to transform entire markets. In real estate,
tokenization can unlock crowd funding opportunities for smaller investors and
streamline property management with features like automated rent collection
and transparent ownership records. The art market can also benefit from
increased liquidity and global access through tokenized ownership, fostering
transparency and potentially reducing art forgery. Furthermore, RWAs can
revolutionize supply chain management by allowing for secure and transparent
tracking of physical goods, a boon for industries with complex logistics
networks.

### New Investment Opportunities

The tokenization of RWAs has paved the way for the emergence of novel
investment products and opportunities. With fractional ownership and increased
liquidity, innovative financial instruments such as real estate-backed tokens,
art investment funds, and commodity trading platforms have begun to flourish.
These products offer investors exposure to diverse asset classes, previously
inaccessible markets, and potentially higher returns, further driving the
growth and adoption of tokenized RWAs in Web3.

### Enhancing Security and Transparency

The blockchain ledger records all transactions involving RWA tokens securely
and transparently. This fosters trust and eliminates the need for
intermediaries in many cases. Additionally, the robust security features of
blockchain minimize the risk of fraud or unauthorized access to RWA tokens.

## Examples of Tokenized RWAs in Web3

### Real Estate Tokens

Blockchain platforms tokenize properties such as residential apartments,
commercial buildings, or even land. Investors can purchase fractions of these
properties as tokens, enabling fractional ownership and liquidity in the real
estate market.

### Art and Collectible NFTs

Non-fungible tokens (NFTs) representing digital art, collectibles, and other
unique items have gained popularity in the cryptocurrency space. Platforms
like OpenSea and Rarible facilitate the creation and trading of NFTs, allowing
artists and creators to tokenize their work and monetize digital assets.

### Tokenized Commodities

It's possible to tokenize physical commodities such as gold, silver, and oil
on blockchain networks. This allows investors to trade digital representations
of these assets.

### Security Tokens

Security tokens represent ownership of traditional financial securities,
including stocks, bonds, and investment funds, on blockchain networks. These
tokens comply with regulatory requirements and offer increased liquidity and
transparency compared to traditional securities markets.

![tokenized-assets-web3-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftokenized_assets_web3_3_102a94434f.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit RWA Crypto Tokens to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can also deposit RWA crypto tokens from another wallet or from a
centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired RWA crypto token, and select it. We used “ONDO” for this example.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

![tokenized-assets-web3-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftokenized_assets_web3_2_077655899f.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

RWAs are revolutionizing the financial landscape within Web3, bridging the gap
between traditional finance and decentralized innovation. Through blockchain
technology and asset tokenization, RWAs offer increased accessibility,
fractional ownership, and innovative investment avenues.

From democratizing investments and transforming traditional markets to
unlocking new investment opportunities and enhancing security and
transparency, RWAs are poised to reshape the way we interact with assets in
the digital era.

It’s important to remember that you can use a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), such as Trust Wallet to
buy, sell, and manage RWA crypto tokens via our trusted partners.

Download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or install the Trust Wallet Extension
on your desktop browser.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

