Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

Â© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)

# Platform Infrastructure

## Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Our platform infrastructure is the foundation of our solutions and services,
offering a scalable, secure environment that powers your blockchain
intelligence needs with seamless integration, robust security, and unlimited
scalability to future-proof your investment.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/chainalysis-
platform-infrastructure.svg)

## **Scalability**

### Efficiently unlocking the ability to handle growing workloads and business
requirements

Designed for scalability, our platform infrastructure seamlessly adapts to
increasing workloads, customer needs, and changing business landscapes. With
performance optimization, load balancing, fault tolerance, and advanced data
management, it ensures superior performance, preparing your business for the
future.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/chainalysis-
scalability.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-fail-fault-
tolerance.svg)

### Fault Tolerance

Ensure uninterrupted service and stability by effectively managing hardware
failures, software errors, and unforeseen issues.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-load-
balancing.svg)

### Load Balancing

Optimize system performance and reliability by efficiently distributing
network traffic or workloads across multiple servers or resources.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-data-
management.svg)

### Data Management

Govern data throughout its lifecycle to ensure accuracy, compliance, and
effective utilization while safeguarding it against threats.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-performance-
optimization.svg)

### Performance Optimization

Deliver responsive, efficient, and reliable services to meet user
expectations.

## **Security**

### Protecting the integrity, confidentiality, and availability of your
workflows

Security is paramount to our platform infrastructure, rigorously protecting
sensitive information and guarding against cyber threats. By adhering to
stringent standards such as Soc2 Type2, and FedRAMP, and implementing robust
authentication, network security, and incident response mechanisms, we ensure
the integrity and dependability of our entire system, helping play a vital
role in safeguarding our customersâ workflows.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/chainalysis-
security.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-network-
security.svg)

### Network Security

Protect platform and users from external threats and network vulnerabilities
via firewalls and intrusion detection and prevention systems.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-security-
search.svg)

### Vulnerability Management

Regularly assess and update systems to address vulnerabilities and conduct
frequent security audits.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-
monitoring.svg)

### Monitoring

Record events and activities to detect suspicious activity.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-incident-
response.svg)

### Incident Response

Swiftly identify and mitigate incidents related to our platform infrastructure
in order to enhance organizational resilience, reduce downtime, and safeguard
both data and user trust.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-
compliance.svg)

### Compliance

Robust security policies, including Soc2 Type 2.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-
encryption.svg)

### Data Encryption

Transform sensitive data into unreadable code for safeguarding purposes.

## **Extensibility**

### Providing an agile and responsive foundation for your blockchain
technology needs

Extensibility ensures seamless adaptation to changing technology, user
requirements, and new features. Configurability, integrations, deployments,
and APIs, enhance this adaptability and, together, maintain ongoing relevance
and usability for the long term, ensuring our system and yours can evolve as
technology evolves.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/chainalysis-
extensibility.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-configure.svg)

### Configurability

Creates user self-sufficiency to make in-house changes.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-api.svg)

### APIs

Enables seamless communication, data exchange, and interoperability between
software components.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-launch-
deploy.svg)

### Deployments

Efficiently roll out updates, enhancements, and bug fixes.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-integration-
puzzle.svg)

### Integrations

Allows for seamless connections with complementary tools and systems.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
header-photo.jpg)

## [Crypto Investigations Solution ](/solution/crypto-investigations/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/risk-header-
photo-2.jpg)

## [Crypto Risk Solution ](/solution/crypto-risk/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/growth-header.jpg)

## [Web3 Growth Solution ](/solution/web3-growth/)

## Get started with Chainalysis

[Request a demo](/request-a-demo/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=e2972209-74c2-48a2-bca8-a27b3715bf8f&sid=ccb4fc301cfe11efad8611ff49f858f3&vid=ccb501901cfe11efb3f47b8f08f05629&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Platform%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fplatform%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=187818)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e3297a3b-e242-4316-ae9f-1cb26dcf287d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=780575f4-1d2b-464c-90e4-85bfa3dbc594&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fplatform%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e3297a3b-e242-4316-ae9f-1cb26dcf287d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=780575f4-1d2b-464c-90e4-85bfa3dbc594&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fplatform%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=835b4c69aca4491f86e46583711ba193&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fplatform%2F&_biz_t=1716906615068&_biz_i=Platform%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=634437&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906615496)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=835b4c69aca4491f86e46583711ba193&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fplatform%2F&_biz_t=1716906615497&_biz_i=Platform%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=242664&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906615497)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking âAccept All Cookiesâ, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

