[ALL.ART](/)

Products

[Certification Platform](/#credentee)

Issue and manage digital certificates

[Token Registry](/#tokenregistry)

Register and verify tokens

[RWA Launchpad and Marketplace Platform](/#rwamarketplace)

Tokenize and trade real-world assets

[Open NFT Marketplace on Solana](/#solsea)

Trade NFTs on our Solana-based marketplace

[Unity Solana Wallet](/#unitysolana)

Integrate Solana blockchain into Unity

[Unity Sui Wallet](/#unitysui)

Leverage Sui Blockchain in Unity

[Solutions](/#solutions)

[$AART token](/#aarttoken)

[News](/news)

Collective

[Join the collective](/collective/join-the-collective)

[Contact us](/collective/contact-us)

![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English

[![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English](/)[![ไทย
\(ไทย\) flag](/assets/flags/th.svg)ไทย (ไทย)](/th-TH)[![srpski \(latinica,
Srbija\) flag](/assets/flags/rs.svg)srpski (latinica, Srbija)](/sr-Latn-
RS)[![繁體中文 flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)繁體中文](/zh-Hant)[![Deutsch
\(Deutschland\) flag](/assets/flags/de.svg)Deutsch (Deutschland)](/de-
DE)[![中文（中国） flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)中文（中国）](/zh-CN)[![Indonesia
\(Indonesia\) flag](/assets/flags/id.svg)Indonesia (Indonesia)](/id-
ID)[![italiano \(Italia\) flag](/assets/flags/it.svg)italiano (Italia)](/it-
IT)[![Tiếng Việt \(Việt Nam\) flag](/assets/flags/vn.svg)Tiếng Việt (Việt
Nam)](/vi-VN)[![français \(France\) flag](/assets/flags/fr.svg)français
(France)](/fr-FR)

[ALL.ART](/)

Open language menu![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)

[ALL.ART](/)

[![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English](/)[![ไทย
\(ไทย\) flag](/assets/flags/th.svg)ไทย (ไทย)](/th-TH)[![srpski \(latinica,
Srbija\) flag](/assets/flags/rs.svg)srpski (latinica, Srbija)](/sr-Latn-
RS)[![繁體中文 flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)繁體中文](/zh-Hant)[![Deutsch
\(Deutschland\) flag](/assets/flags/de.svg)Deutsch (Deutschland)](/de-
DE)[![中文（中国） flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)中文（中国）](/zh-CN)[![Indonesia
\(Indonesia\) flag](/assets/flags/id.svg)Indonesia (Indonesia)](/id-
ID)[![italiano \(Italia\) flag](/assets/flags/it.svg)italiano (Italia)](/it-
IT)[![Tiếng Việt \(Việt Nam\) flag](/assets/flags/vn.svg)Tiếng Việt (Việt
Nam)](/vi-VN)[![français \(France\) flag](/assets/flags/fr.svg)français
(France)](/fr-FR)

[ALL.ART](/)

Products

[Certification Platform](/#credentee)[Token Registry](/#tokenregistry)[RWA
Launchpad and Marketplace Platform](/#rwamarketplace)[Open NFT Marketplace on
Solana](/#solsea)[Unity Solana Wallet](/#unitysolana)[Unity Sui
Wallet](/#unitysui)

[Solutions](/#solutions)[$AART token](/#aarttoken)[News](/news)

Collective

[Join the collective](/collective/join-the-collective)[Contact
us](/collective/contact-us)

We are a collective of builders and pioneers

# The Art of Building Web3 Products with Real-World Impact

Our expertise is creating products and solutions that redefine how digital
assets and identities are managed, verified, and utilized in a decentralized
world.

Explore ProductsLearn about $AART →

![AllArt visual](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fallart-
visual.a5696dff.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Winners of the Solana Season Hackaton](/_next/static/media/solana-season-
hackaton.8d21f77d.svg)![AllArt Metaverse Business of The Year Award World
Metaverse Council](/_next/static/media/business-of-the-
year.659461d1.svg)![Winners of the First Sui Builders House
Grant](/_next/static/media/sui-builders-house-grant.b88d5093.svg)

## Trusted by Visionaries

![Delphi digital logo](/_next/static/media/Delphi digital-
logo.2ed41874.svg)![Jupiter logo](/_next/static/media/Jupiter-
logo.cfbed92d.svg)![Sui foundation
logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FSui%20foundation-
logo.f53f762b.png&w=384&q=75)![Coca-cola HBC
logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FCCHBC-
logo.36e090d3.png&w=384&q=75)![Solana foundation
logo](/_next/static/media/Solana foundation-logo.f6a4b993.svg)![Bonk
logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FBonk-
logo.a1d10bb9.png&w=384&q=75)![Solflare
logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FSolflare-
logo.08dbc5d6.png&w=384&q=75)![Exit festival logo](/_next/static/media/Exit-
logo.7c3d3323.svg)![Gate.io logo](/_next/static/media/Gateio-
logo.fcffa17f.svg)![BitcoinAddict
logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2F19.aca34a63.png&w=384&q=75)

## Builds and Creations

The technology developed here empowers users with greater control over their
digital identities and assets, ensuring transparent and secure interactions.
Strong authentication and adherence to regulations are at the core of these
solutions, providing compliant engagement with blockchain.

Blockchain Infrastructure

    Developing foundational platforms and systems, including Layer 0 solutions.

Real-World Assets Tokenization

    Transforming physical and digital assets into tokens and digital objects.

License Agreements

    Our system ensures that licenses are automatically transferred and tracked alongside the exchange of values on-chain.

Digital Asset Management

    Efficiently managing various digital assets, from cryptocurrencies to tokenized assets.

Web2 to Web3 Bridge

    Our solution provides users with a custom wallet, eliminating the complexity of traditional crypto wallet setups.

Smart Contract Design and Implementation

    Automating and streamlining agreements with expert smart contract technology and standards

Regulatory Compliance and Security

    Ensuring our solutions are secure and compliant, and protect data integrity with focus on regulation.

Document Verification and Digital Signatures

    Ensuring every signed document is tamper-proof, with the ability to track its authenticity and confirm its validity.

## Rising as One for Collective Success

Registered Users

    800k+

NFT-PROs Minted and Counting

    250k+

Contributors

    150+

On-chain Certificates

## Certification Platform

**Innovative Certification:** Harness the power of blockchain to issue and
manage digital certificates with enhanced security and authenticity.

**Verifiable Credentials:** Each certificate is easily verifiable, ensuring
credibility and trust.

[Visit Product →](https://credentee.io)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FCCH-
certificate.0f2aa590.png&w=1920&q=75)

Registration and VerificationComing Soon

## Token Registry

**Token Registration and Verification:** A reliable platform for registering
and verifying newly created tokens, ensuring legitimacy and trust.

**Tracking:** Easily track token holders and their balances, offering a clear
view of token distribution.

[Contact-us →](/en-US/collective/contact-us)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fallart-coming-
soon.02d39c09.png&w=1920&q=75)

Real-World AssetsComing Soon

## RWA Launchpad and Marketplace Platform

**Tokenization:** Transform real-world assets into tokens, opening up new
investment opportunities.

**Integrated Marketplace and Redemption:** Features an embedded marketplace
and redemption functionalities, streamlining the tokenization process.

[Contact us →](/en-US/collective/contact-us)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fallart-coming-
soon.02d39c09.png&w=1920&q=75)

NFT Marketplace

## Open NFT Marketplace on Solana

**NFT Trading Platform:** Create and trade NFTs on our open marketplace built
on the Solana blockchain.

**Embedded Licenses in NFTs:** Unique feature allowing users to embed licenses
into their NFTs.

[Explore Now →](https://solsea.io)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FSolsea-
marketplace.f46aecb0.png&w=1920&q=75)

WalletOpen Source

## Unity Solana Wallet

**Community Contribution:** Our open-source Unity Solana Wallet allows
integration of the Solana blockchain into Unity projects.

**Enhanced Unity Projects:** Empower your Unity applications with the robust
capabilities of Solana.

[Get Started →](https://github.com/allartprotocol/unity-solana-wallet)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FUnity-solana-
wallet.a285ee76.png&w=1920&q=75)

WalletOpen Source

## Unity Sui Wallet

**Innovative Integration:** Integrate the Sui Blockchain into your Unity
projects with our open-source Unity Sui Wallet.

**Expand Your Project's Reach:** Leverage the unique features of the Sui
Blockchain to enhance your Unity-based applications.

[Get Started →](https://github.com/allartprotocol/allart-unity-sui-wallet)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FUnity-sui-
wallet.9dc6e2e7.png&w=1920&q=75)

Showcase

### Coca-Cola HBC Certification Platform

Through collective endeavors with Coca-Cola HBC, a demonstration of an On-
chain Certification Platform has been introduced, designed to empower the
Coca-Cola Digital Academy.

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FCCH-
platform.5fe42dc4.png&w=1920&q=75)

#### On-Chain Credentials for Employees

Employees attending the academy receive blockchain-based certifications. Their
metadata is securely stored on a decentralized metadata repository crafted by
our team, ensuring authenticity and permanence.

#### Issuance and Sharing

Issuers can effortlessly create and distribute certificates via email.
Recipients can mint these certificates on the blockchain and conveniently
share their achievements on social networks, enhancing visibility and
recognition.

![AllArt token](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ftoken-
aart.ccb23a71.png&w=1080&q=75)

## $AART, The Token Powering Our Collective's Ecosystem

$AART is the native digital token championed by our collective, serving as a
fundamental element in the ecosystem of products developed by our
contributors.

$AART is the fuel of ALL.ART, infusing utility and token economics into the
core of our innovative products. With each new product we introduce, $AART
integrates to elevate users' experience, making it more accessible and
rewarding.

The power of $AART lies in improving the way we own, create, collect, trade,
rent, and interact with Digital Object Tokens (DOTs) within ALL.ART
Collective.

The use of $AART covers various functions, such as reducing trade fees,
staking for better visibility on our platforms, and activating special
features. In SolSea, our Open NFT marketplace, these are just a few examples
of its diverse applications.

Currently, $AART is accessible on a variety of exchanges and liquidity pools,
where it can be traded, swapped, and staked.

### Currently, $AART is accessible on a variety of exchanges and liquidity
pools, where it can be traded, swapped, and staked.

[![Gate.io](assets/allart/logos/25.svg)](https://www.gate.io/trade/AART_USDT?ref=3018394)[![Raydium](assets/allart/logos/26.svg)](https://raydium.io/swap/?inputCurrency=F3nefJBcejYbtdREjui1T9DPh5dBgpkKq7u2GAAMXs5B&outputCurrency=sol&fixed=in)[![Orca](assets/allart/logos/27.svg)](https://v1.orca.so/liquidity/browse?tokenMint=F3nefJBcejYbtdREjui1T9DPh5dBgpkKq7u2GAAMXs5B)[![Solsea](assets/allart/logos/28.svg)](https://solsea.io/staking-
page/)[![Coinstore](assets/allart/logos/29.png)](https://www.coinstore.com/#/spot/AARTUSDT?invitCode=zEgJkS)[![Lbank](assets/allart/logos/30.svg)](https://www.lbank.com/trade/aart_usdt/)[![Jupiter](assets/allart/logos/31.svg)](https://jup.ag/swap/USDC-
AART)[![FluxBeam](assets/allart/logos/FluxBeam-
logo.svg)](https://fluxbeam.xyz/)[![Coinex](assets/allart/logos/Coinex-
logo.svg)](https://www.coinex.com/en/exchange/aart-
usdt?currency=USDT&dest=AART)

## Latest News

Latest and Greatest Stories from Our Collective

[![](https://s3.eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/storage.digitalmind.rs/files/b3b16fd2fce64da97bbaaedd85c6709d72d8e4235a5ccb5ad8b68bf55440b2c4.png)](/news/allart-
collective-to-launch-new-gaming-project-wit)

Mar 23,
2024[Sui](/news/category/sui)[Gaming](/news/category/gaming)[Unity](/news/category/unity)

### [ALL.ART Collective to Launch New Gaming Project with Continued Support
from Sui Network](/news/allart-collective-to-launch-new-gaming-project-wit)

ALL.ART Collective is set to launch an open-source hyper-casual game, backed
by a grant from the Sui Network. Integrating our Unity-Sui wallet, this
upcoming game will empower developers to accelerate their Web3 game
development.

[![](https://s3.eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/storage.digitalmind.rs/files/c26c79af4d447c25ad2c2144797e9ad81f34f6e079021b733d1a4637d1296c31.png)](/news/allart-
sets-new-standards-in-blockchain-based-cert)

Feb 28, 2024[Solana](/news/category/solana)

### [ALL.ART Sets New Standards in Blockchain-Based Certificate Verification
with Coca-Cola HBC](/news/allart-sets-new-standards-in-blockchain-based-cert)

Launching an advanced solution on Solana, this collaboration authenticates
qualifications from the Coca-Cola Digital Academy program, ensuring the
integrity and accessibility of on-chain credentials.

[![](https://s3.eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/storage.digitalmind.rs/files/37906e9d104171c4d9544398deaa331e700f2bf24b8681e91d699a29468d738f.webp)](/news/the-
first-full-open-source-unity-sui-wallet)

Jan 24,
2024[Sui](/news/category/sui)[Wallet](/news/category/wallet)[Unity](/news/category/unity)

### [The First Full Open Source Unity Sui Wallet](/news/the-first-full-open-
source-unity-sui-wallet)

Introducing the first-ever FULL open-source crypto wallet developed in the
Unity game engine for the Sui blockchain. ALL.ART will showcase the Unity-Sui
Wallet at Sui Builder House in Singapore.

## Catch the Alpha First

Subscribe to be the first to receive exclusive updates.

Subscribe

![Milan Topolic logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FCCHBC-
small-logo.cb19e52f.png&w=256&q=75)

> “The ability to issue verifiable blockchain-powered certificates has
> significantly enhanced the value and recognition of our Digital Academy
> training programs. Credentee.io is a game-changer in digital certification,
> and we are proud to be at the forefront of this innovation.”

![Milan Topolic
avatar](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ftopolic.0aad6cac.jpg&w=640&q=75)

Milan Topolic

Technology Innovation Manager at Coca-Cola HBC

![Anatoly Yakovenko logo](/_next/static/media/Solana-labs-logo.7a1aacd3.svg)

> “Fast, low-cost NFTs have the potential to bridge legal rights and digital
> authentication in ways never before possible. I’m delighted the All-Art
> Protocol is choosing to build on Solana, and look forward to their launch.”

![Anatoly Yakovenko
avatar](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fanatoly.ca1c0047.jpg&w=640&q=75)

Anatoly Yakovenko

Co-Founder of Solana Labs

[X](https://twitter.com/allartprotocol)[Telegram](https://t.me/allartprotocol)[Discord](http://discord.gg/WrHUhqgnBd)[Medium](https://allart.medium.com/)[CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/community/profile/all_art/)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/all-
art/)

© 2021 ALL.ART. All rights reserved.

