Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# The Ethereum Vision

## A digital future on a global scale

Grow Ethereum until it's powerful enough to help all of humanity.

![page-eth-whats-eth-hero-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Foldship.b3cc4921.png&w=1920&q=75)

* * *

  1. [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)/
  2. [vision](/en/roadmap/vision/)

## The need for upgrades

The Ethereum protocol that launched in 2015 has had incredible success. But
the Ethereum community always expected that a few key upgrades would be
necessary to unlock Ethereum's full potential.

High demand is driving up transaction fees that make Ethereum expensive for
the average user. The disk space needed to run an Ethereum client is growing
at a fast rate.

Ethereum has a set of upgrades that address these problems and more. This set
of upgrades was originally called 'Serenity' and 'Eth2,' and they've been an
active area of research and development since 2014.

  * [View a 2022 blog post: The Hitchhikers Guide to Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://members.delphidigital.io/reports/the-hitchhikers-guide-to-ethereum)
  * [View a 2021 blog post on the Ethereum Protocol Updates(opens in a new tab)](https://trent.mirror.xyz/82eyq_NXZzzqFmCNXiKJgSdayf6omCW7BgDQIneyPoA)
  * [View a 2021 blog post on the Ethereum roadmap evolution(opens in a new tab)](https://tim.mirror.xyz/CHQtTJb1NDxCK41JpULL-zAJe7YOtw-m4UDw6KDju6c)
  * [View a 2015 blog post discussing 'Serenity'(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2015/03/03/ethereum-launch-process/)
  * [View a 2014 blog post detailing proof of stake(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/01/15/slasher-a-punitive-proof-of-stake-algorithm/)

Now that the technology is ready, these upgrades will re-architect Ethereum to
make it more scalable, secure, and sustainable - to make life better for
existing users and entice new ones. All while preserving Ethereum's core value
of decentralization.

This means there's no on-switch for scalability. Improvements will ship
incrementally over time.

* * *

## Today's problems

### Clogged network

Ethereum needs to reduce network congestion and improve speeds to better
service a global user base.

### Disk space

Running a node is getting harder as the network grows. This will only get
harder with efforts to scale the network.

## The challenge of decentralized scaling

A naive way to solve Ethereum's problems would be to make it more centralized.
But decentralization is too important. It's decentralization that gives
Ethereum neutrality, censorship resistance, openness, data ownership and near-
unbreakable security.

Ethereum's vision is to be more scalable and secure, but also to remain
decentralized. Achieving these 3 qualities is a problem known as the
scalability trilemma.

Ethereum upgrades aim to solve the trilemma but there are significant
challenges.

Tap the circles below to better understand the problems of decentralized
scaling:

### Explore the scalability trilemma

Press the buttons on the triangle to better understand the problems of
decentralized scaling.

EthereumDecentralizationSecurityScalability

* * *

## Understanding the Ethereum vision

### Scalability

Ethereum needs to be able to handle more transactions per second without
increasing the size of the nodes in the network. Nodes are vital network
participants who store and run the blockchain. Increasing node size isn't
practical because only those with powerful and expensive computers could do
it. To scale, Ethereum needs more transactions per second, coupled with more
nodes. More nodes means more security.

Layer 2 rollups scale Ethereum by moving transactions off-chain and only
posting summary data to Ethereum. This batching increases Ethereum's
throughput while drastically reducing costs for users.

Rollups need low-cost storage on layer 1 to make transactions as cheap as
possible for users. This will be provided in the form of blobs attached to
Ethereum blocks. Eventually, many blobs will be attached to Ethereum blocks,
providing cheap storage for many rollups. [More on
Danksharding](/en/roadmap/danksharding/)

### Security

The planned upgrades improve Ethereum's security against coordinated attacks.

In proof-of-stake additional security comes from greater crypto-economic
disincentives against attack. This is because, in proof-of-stake, the
validators who secure the network must stake significant amounts of ETH into
the protocol. If they try and attack the network, the protocol can
automatically destroy their ETH. [More on proof of
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

However, it is also important that upgrades that protect validators against
denial-of-service attacks, enhance their anonymity, and separate block
building and block propagation are implemented soon. These upgrades protect
individual validators and the network as a whole against liveness attacks and
censorship. [More on proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/)

Staking also means you don't need to invest in elite hardware to participate
directly in consensus. This should encourage more people to become a
validator, increasing the network's decentralization and decreasing the attack
surface area.

You can become a validator by staking your ETH. [More on nodes](/en/run-a-
node/)

[Stake ETH](/en/staking/)

### Sustainability

Ethereum is a green blockchain with strong crypto-economic security.

Ethereum is now a green blockchain. The energy consumption was reduced by
~99.95% when proof-of-work was swapped for proof-of-stake. [More on
mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

Ethereum is now secured via staking, not computing power. [More on
staking](/en/staking/)

This sustainability boost also brings security benefits - staked ether makes
it much more expensive to attack the chain than under proof-of-work, but less
expensive to secure it as less new ETH has to be issued to pay validators than
miners.

The move to proof-of-stake made Ethereum greener and more secure. It is a low-
carbon platform for building apps and organizations.

[More on The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/)

* * *

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

