[ALL.ART](/)

Products

[Certification Platform](/#credentee)

Issue and manage digital certificates

[Token Registry](/#tokenregistry)

Register and verify tokens

[RWA Launchpad and Marketplace Platform](/#rwamarketplace)

Tokenize and trade real-world assets

[Open NFT Marketplace on Solana](/#solsea)

Trade NFTs on our Solana-based marketplace

[Unity Solana Wallet](/#unitysolana)

Integrate Solana blockchain into Unity

[Unity Sui Wallet](/#unitysui)

Leverage Sui Blockchain in Unity

[Solutions](/#solutions)

[$AART token](/#aarttoken)

[News](/news)

Collective

[Join the collective](/collective/join-the-collective)

[Contact us](/collective/contact-us)

![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English

[![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English](/)[![ไทย
\(ไทย\) flag](/assets/flags/th.svg)ไทย (ไทย)](/th-TH)[![srpski \(latinica,
Srbija\) flag](/assets/flags/rs.svg)srpski (latinica, Srbija)](/sr-Latn-
RS)[![繁體中文 flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)繁體中文](/zh-Hant)[![Deutsch
\(Deutschland\) flag](/assets/flags/de.svg)Deutsch (Deutschland)](/de-
DE)[![中文（中国） flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)中文（中国）](/zh-CN)[![Indonesia
\(Indonesia\) flag](/assets/flags/id.svg)Indonesia (Indonesia)](/id-
ID)[![italiano \(Italia\) flag](/assets/flags/it.svg)italiano (Italia)](/it-
IT)[![Tiếng Việt \(Việt Nam\) flag](/assets/flags/vn.svg)Tiếng Việt (Việt
Nam)](/vi-VN)[![français \(France\) flag](/assets/flags/fr.svg)français
(France)](/fr-FR)

[ALL.ART](/)

Open language menu![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)

[ALL.ART](/)

[![American English flag](/assets/flags/us.svg)American English](/)[![ไทย
\(ไทย\) flag](/assets/flags/th.svg)ไทย (ไทย)](/th-TH)[![srpski \(latinica,
Srbija\) flag](/assets/flags/rs.svg)srpski (latinica, Srbija)](/sr-Latn-
RS)[![繁體中文 flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)繁體中文](/zh-Hant)[![Deutsch
\(Deutschland\) flag](/assets/flags/de.svg)Deutsch (Deutschland)](/de-
DE)[![中文（中国） flag](/assets/flags/cn.svg)中文（中国）](/zh-CN)[![Indonesia
\(Indonesia\) flag](/assets/flags/id.svg)Indonesia (Indonesia)](/id-
ID)[![italiano \(Italia\) flag](/assets/flags/it.svg)italiano (Italia)](/it-
IT)[![Tiếng Việt \(Việt Nam\) flag](/assets/flags/vn.svg)Tiếng Việt (Việt
Nam)](/vi-VN)[![français \(France\) flag](/assets/flags/fr.svg)français
(France)](/fr-FR)

[ALL.ART](/)

Products

[Certification Platform](/#credentee)[Token Registry](/#tokenregistry)[RWA
Launchpad and Marketplace Platform](/#rwamarketplace)[Open NFT Marketplace on
Solana](/#solsea)[Unity Solana Wallet](/#unitysolana)[Unity Sui
Wallet](/#unitysui)

[Solutions](/#solutions)[$AART token](/#aarttoken)[News](/news)

Collective

[Join the collective](/collective/join-the-collective)[Contact
us](/collective/contact-us)

![ALL.ART Sets New Standards in Blockchain-Based Certificate Verification with
Coca-Cola HBC](https://s3.eu-
west-1.amazonaws.com/storage.digitalmind.rs/files/c26c79af4d447c25ad2c2144797e9ad81f34f6e079021b733d1a4637d1296c31.png)

## ALL.ART Sets New Standards in Blockchain-Based Certificate Verification
with Coca-Cola HBC

Launching an advanced solution on Solana, this collaboration authenticates
qualifications from the Coca-Cola Digital Academy program, ensuring the
integrity and accessibility of on-chain credentials.

Feb 28, 2024[Solana](/news/category/solana)

ALL.ART, a prominent collective in the Web3 space, has partnered with Coca-
Cola HBC to innovate the verification and sharing of educational certificates.
This collaboration showcases ALL.ART's expertise in developing impactful
products that redefine digital asset and identity management in a
decentralized world.

**The essence of this partnership is a platform designed for the secure
issuance of blockchain-based certificates.  **Coca-Cola HBC, as the certifying
authority, utilizes the platform to generate certificates and distribute them
to participants of its Digital Academy Program. Upon completion, recipients
are notified to claim their certificates, which marks a significant
advancement in digital credential management.

Once recipients claim their certificates, they are presented with two distinct
options:

**Minting as Solana NFT:  **Certificates can be minted as NFTs on the Solana
blockchain, ensuring immutability and secure digital representation.

**Social Network Sharing:  **Recipients can easily share their certificates on
social media, showcasing their accomplishments to a broader audience.

_Milan Topolic, Technology Innovation Manager at Coca-Cola HBC,  _highlights
the product's value: “The ability to issue verifiable blockchain-powered
certificates has significantly enhanced the value and recognition of our
Digital Academy training programs. Credentee.io is a game-changer in digital
certification, and we are proud to be at the forefront of this innovation.”

Following Topolic's insights,___Vitomir Jevremovic, Founder of ALL.ART_
explores the next steps.

“High-quality, digitally signed metadata is crucial for integrating new types
of digital objects onto the blockchain. The ability to handle and manage these
contextualized digital objects—knowing their purpose and function—is essential
for moving towards a tokenized future. Understanding the object's significance
and ensuring its issuance is verified and certified on the blockchain is vital
for achieving the trust that blockchain technology promises.

We are committed to leading this new wave of bringing verifiable certificates
on-chain, and we couldn't be more thrilled to have a major partner like Coca-
Cola innovating alongside us.” said Jevremovic.

The adoption of blockchain in this context serves multiple essential purposes:

  

  * It prevents individuals from claiming qualifications they do not possess, which is crucial in professional and academic settings.
  * Supports lifelong learning, allowing easy addition of new skills and certifications.
  * Offers accessibility from anywhere worldwide, making it easier for individuals to share their qualifications with potential employers, educational institutions, or other relevant parties, regardless of geo-location.

  

Traditional certificates can be forged or altered easily, but a solution like
this ensures that a certificate cannot be altered or counterfeited once a
certificate is recorded on-chain.

This partnership highlights the capabilities of Credentee, ALL.ART's new on-
chain certification platform and is just the start of a series of innovative
developments. It also paves the way for future projects where the **_AART_**
__**_Token_** plays a pivotal role, subtly integrating within the broader
ecosystem of the ALL.ART collective.

[X](https://twitter.com/allartprotocol)[Telegram](https://t.me/allartprotocol)[Discord](http://discord.gg/WrHUhqgnBd)[Medium](https://allart.medium.com/)[CoinMarketCap](https://coinmarketcap.com/community/profile/all_art/)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/all-
art/)

© 2021 ALL.ART. All rights reserved.

