[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * What Is a Sybil Attack in Crypto?

# What Is a Sybil Attack in Crypto?

By **Gaurav Roy**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Mar 7, 2024 | **Updated Mar 7, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Sybil%20Attack%20in%20Crypto%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto&title=What%20Is%20a%20Sybil%20Attack%20in%20Crypto%3F "Reddit")

![Black closed belt on a black background.](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/07/Security_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— A Sybil attack is when a single entity attempts to gain control over a
blockchain network through the use of multiple fraudulent nodes.  
  
— These attacks can have serious negative consequences for blockchain
networks, including loss of funds, privacy breaches, and corrupted transaction
data.  
  
— Fortunately, blockchains can create significant obstacles for would-be
attackers through different types of consensus mechanisms and node
verification systems.  
  
As crypto adoption grows and blockchain use cases become more prominent,
providing a safe user experience is critical. However, threats to user
security can come in many forms. Especially given the relative newness of
blockchain technology.

Of course, not all threats attack a network’s users: some aim to attack a
blockchain network itself. The Sybil attack, which can affect any peer-to-peer
network, is one such threat.

But, what exactly is a Sybil attack, and what risks can it pose to blockchain
networks? Let’s take a look!

## What Is a Sybil Attack?

A Sybil attack aims to take over a network using multiple accounts on an
online or on-chain network of users. The goal is to corrupt the system and
manipulate it to their advantage.

For instance, a Sybil attack can manifest as fraudulent voting in an election
or online voting system. Alternatively, it could involve creating multiple
social media accounts on platforms like X (Twitter) to spread falsified
information, or even worse, to share malicious links designed to harvest
users’ confidential information.

In the case of public blockchains, Sybil attacks generally attempt to
overpower the authentic nodes in a blockchain network. If successful, Sybil
attackers gain the power to alter the blockchain, compromising network
finality in the process.

To clarify, blockchain finality is the idea that, once written onto the
blockchain, a transaction cannot be changed or undone. This concept is
fundamental for transactions on a blockchain to be considered valid and
trustworthy. For example, blockchain finality is necessary to prevent the same
cryptocurrency from being spent more than once ([double
spending](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/double-spending)).
Similarly, finality is also vital for guaranteeing that the outcomes of smart
contracts and functions of decentralized applications are trustworthy and
irreversible.

But before we talk about exactly how Sybil attacks can affect finality, let’s
discuss their history, which precedes the public blockchains of today.

## The History of Sybil Attacks

The name “Sybil” comes from a 1973 book of the same name, that details the
treatment of a woman – Sybil Dorsett – with dissociative identity disorder
(DID), previously referred to as multiple personality disorder. Therefore, the
name Sybil is a nod to the multiple identities that malicious agents create to
carry out these attacks.

Computer programmer Brian Zill is credited with coining the term at Microsoft
Research in the early 2000s. The term was further cemented by fellow Microsoft
researcher, John R. Douceur, in a research paper written around the same time.

Notably, Douceur proposes in that paper that Sybil attacks are of particular
concern in a practical P2P system without a centralized authority. In other
words, Sybil attacks are something that all decentralized blockchains, by
definition, must guard against.

## How Does a Sybil Attack Work in Crypto?

Within the world of crypto, Sybil attacks involve creating multiple network
nodes in an attempt to exert control over a blockchain network.

Generally speaking, a [crypto node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-
node-and-why-should-i-operate-one) is a single computer that is part of a
blockchain network. Each node individually stores all of the information on
the blockchain, which is how nodes verify each other. With a Sybil attack, a
single bad actor creates multiple false nodes to trick the network into
treating the fraudulent accounts as legitimate.

If the attacker successfully gets enough malicious nodes into the network,
they can then use that influence against honest nodes for their benefit. For
instance, in a blockchain network where miners vote on proposals, an attacker
could use multiple identities to outvote legitimate nodes. Attackers could
also intercept and analyze sensitive user data like IP addresses, compromising
users’ privacy and security.

Often, the end goal of a Sybil attacker is a [51%
attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/51-attack). This occurs when a
single entity gains more than 50% of a network’s hashing (computing) power.
This grants the attacker the ability to rewrite parts of the blockchain,
meaning that they could reorder transactions, block transactions from being
validated, or even reverse their own transactions leading to double spending.

## High-Profile Sybil Attacks in Crypto

### **Monero (2020)**

Monero – a privacy-focused blockchain that promises users a way to make
untraceable transactions – suffered a 10-day-long Sybil attack back in
November 2020. The main goal of the attacker was to deanonymize transactions
on the platform. For this attack, a single entity used several malicious nodes
to try and disrupt the Monero network.

The attacker exploited a bug to raise the chances that its malicious nodes
would be accepted by the network, intentionally dropped transactions causing
them to fail, and tracked IP addresses in an attempt to link them to certain
transactions.

Ultimately, the attacker was unable to bypass Monero’s security features,
limiting the damage they could do. Specifically, Monero’s use of the privacy-
preserving protocol, Dandelion++, prevented the attacker from successfully
linking user IP addresses to transactions.

### **Ethereum Classic (2020)**

First, some important context on Ethereum Classic.

This was actually the original Ethereum network. However, in 2016, after a
major hack of Ethereum’s very first DAO resulted in millions of dollars worth
of ETH being stolen, Ethereum underwent a [hard
fork](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/hard-fork) to return funds to
victims. At that point, the new chain carried on with the Ethereum name, while
those who opposed the fork continued running the old chain as “Ethereum
Classic” with its own version of ETH, ETC.

Unfortunately, Ethereum Classic has suffered a few 51% Sybil attacks since
then, the worst of which occurred in the summer of 2020. This particular
attack saw a hacker gain control over a majority of Ethereum Classic’s hash
power. After doing so, the hacker was able to execute a complex double spend:
sending ETC to its own wallets and back, all while siphoning off funds through
exchanges. In the end, the attacker was able to steal more than $5M in ETC.

### **Verge (2021)**

The Verge blockchain suffered one of the most high-profile recent Sybil
attacks in crypto back in 2021. In this case, the attackers were able to
execute a 51% attack on the privacy-focused blockchain, which resulted in
about 200 days’ worth of transaction data being wiped out. It’s important to
note, however, that the network recovered within a couple of days of the
attack.

## How Do Blockchains Protect Against Sybil Attacks?

In the blockchain ecosystem, [consensus
mechanisms](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-
blockchains-secure) are the main line of defense against Sybil attacks. While
these different methods provide varying levels of protection, they all make it
much more difficult for bad actors to create the multiple accounts necessary
for a successful Sybil attack.

### **Proof-of-Work**

In [Proof-of-Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-
work) blockchains like Bitcoin, the network applies a certain set of rules
around creating new blocks. Simply put, an attacker can’t just use a single
node to spin up multiple false identities in this instance. Rather, they would
need to have the computing to create new blocks, which would be both difficult
and incredibly expensive for an attacker. Similarly, the sheer number of
Bitcoin miners also makes it difficult for a would-be attacker to gain a
notable share of network nodes.

### **Proof-of-Stake**

[Proof-of-stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-
stake) blockchains can also make creating blocks prohibitively expensive for
attackers. Ethereum, for example, requires users to stake 32 ETH to act as
node operators. Furthermore, there can be harsh financial consequences for
node operators who act fraudulently on these networks. Similarly to Bitcoin,
the size of Ethereum’s pool of network validators makes it very difficult for
attackers to gain a large enough share of nodes to affect the network.

### **Delegated Proof-of-Stake**

Some blockchains like EOS and Tron use [Delegated Proof-of-Stake
mechanisms](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-delegated-proof-of-stake-
dpos). These systems deter Sybil attacks by having “delegates” – a small group
of trusted nodes elected by the community. These delegates are incentivized to
act honestly as they risk losing their status and rewards, which can take
considerable time and money to gain.

### **Proof-of-Personhood**

Proof-of-Personhood (PoP) authentication helps verify a unique individual
behind each node through methods such as scanning a QR code or solving a
Captcha. The crypto project Worldcoin is notable for using iris biometrics –
scanning a user’s eye – as PoP. Another form of this authentication is [KYC
(Know Your Consumer)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/know-your-
customer-kyc), which entails users verifying their identity with something
like a driver’s license or passport.

Outside of the above methods, other ways to discourage Sybil attacks include
ranking nodes by reputation (Proof-of-Authority) and using algorithms or
social trust graphs to detect outlier behavior among nodes.

## Final Thoughts on Sybil Attacks

As blockchains continue to grow in popularity and usage, they also become a
larger target for attackers. Therefore, the need for security in decentralized
P2P networks also grows alongside them.

Fortunately, the crypto world has learned from past Sybil attacks and has
gotten quite good at mitigating their damage. The Sybil attack on the Monero
network in 2020 is a great example, as Monero’s privacy algorithms were able
to prevent the attackers from doing any serious harm. The Verge network was
similarly able to recover very quickly after its 2021 attack.

One thing is for sure – blockchain technology will continue to evolve to meet
the security challenges that arise. So why not go along your blockchain
journey with a partner that understands the importance of that security?
[Ledger devices](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-wallets)
give you full control over your private keys while [Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) makes it easier than ever to explore
the world of blockchain while maintaining your security and privacy.

So what are you waiting for? Join the Ledger ecosystem and start enjoying all
the benefits of secure self-custody.

**Gaurav Roy**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Gaurav began writing professionally in 2017. Since then, he has assisted over
100 companies in a variety of domains, including e-commerce, blockchain,
cybersecurity, online marketing, and a lot more. He is also keen on learning a
new skill every year. In his free time, he likes playing games on his Xbox and
scrolling through Quora.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Sybil%20Attack%20in%20Crypto%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto&title=What%20Is%20a%20Sybil%20Attack%20in%20Crypto%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-layer-2-base-
blockchain-explained)

[Coinbase Layer 2: Base Blockchain
Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-
layer-2-base-blockchain-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

[What Is Injective (INJ)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-xtz)

[Tezos Staking: How To Stake
XTZ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-staking-how-to-stake-sol)

[Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol)

__Read

7 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=27a5e4f1-f2b6-4449-a056-7dfa0b2b38c9&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=3a7f29ac-c16f-4bb9-b960-270735046ab9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=27a5e4f1-f2b6-4449-a056-7dfa0b2b38c9&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=3a7f29ac-c16f-4bb9-b960-270735046ab9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=29cba50e-7780-4142-9381-38669d2d4c12&sid=26eb34f01cfd11ef8d444fb589d4dfe6&vid=26eb3a901cfd11ef90923998df2ccace&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20a%20Sybil%20Attack%20in%20Crypto%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto&r=&lt=1973&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=720630)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A28%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20a%20Sybil%20Attack%20in%20Crypto%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-a-sybil-attack-in-crypto&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

