This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/ru/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype-dark.f79d530d.svg)](/ru)

  * Узнать больше
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Сообщество

Search```K`

[Documentation](/ru/docs)[RPC
API](/ru/docs/rpc)[Cookbook](/ru/developers/cookbook)[Guides](/ru/developers/guides)[Terminology](/ru/docs/terminology)

[Home](/ru)>[Developers](/ru/developers)>[Guides](/ru/developers/guides)

# [Solana Gaming SDKs](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks)

updated 25 апреля 2024 г.

[intro](/ru/developers/guides?difficulty=intro)[games](/ru/developers/guides?tags=games)[anchor](/ru/developers/guides?tags=anchor)[program](/ru/developers/guides?tags=program)[infrastructure](/ru/developers/guides?tags=infrastructure)[unity](/ru/developers/guides?tags=unity)

[![Solana Gaming
SDKs](https://solana.com/_next/image?url=%2Fopengraph%2Fdevelopers%2Fguides%2Fgames%2Fgame-
sdks&w=3840&q=75)](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks)

With Solana being a high performance blockchain with low fees and fast
transactions, a great game developer community has formed around it.

Here you can find details about the Solana game development SDKs available
within the ecosystem. All the SDKs, except
[GameShift](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#solana-game-shift), are open
source and community built. If you are working on a SDK yourself feel free to
open a PR to this page and add it.

## Unity SDK #

The Unity game engine is known for its beginner friendly approach and cross
platform support including WebGL, iOS, and Android. Build once, export
everywhere.

  * [Docs](https://docs.magicblock.gg/introduction)
  * [Source](https://github.com/magicblock-labs/Solana.Unity-SDK)
  * [Verified Unity Asset Store Listing](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/decentralization/infrastructure/solana-sdk-for-unity-246931)
  * [Example Games](https://github.com/solana-developers/solana-game-examples)
  * [Tic Tac Toe](https://blog.magicblock.gg/bolt-tic-tac-toe/)

The Solana Unity SDK is maintained by [Magicblock](https://www.magicblock.gg/)
and comes with:

  * NFT support
  * Candy machine integration
  * Transactions
  * RPC functions
  * Phantom deep links
  * WebGL connector
  * Reliable WebSocket connection support
  * Mobile wallet-adapter
  * Sessions keys for auto approving transaction
  * Anchor client code generation and more.

## Godot SDK #

The [Godot Engine](https://godotengine.org/) is an open source game engine
which gained lots of support in the last few years. The Solana SDK for Godot
is maintained by [ZenRepublic](https://twitter.com/ZenRepublicNDM) and [Virus-
Axel](https://twitter.com/AxelBenjam). It comes with a wallet adapter
integration, transactions, RPC functions, and Anchor client code generation.
Even a fully functional Metaplex [candy machine
integration](https://zenwiki.gitbook.io/solana-godot-sdk-docs/guides/setup-
candy-machine).

  * [Solana Godot Engine SDK](https://github.com/Virus-Axel/godot-solana-sdk)
  * [Docs](https://zenwiki.gitbook.io/solana-godot-sdk-docs)
  * [Demo](https://github.com/ZenRepublic/GodotSolanaSDKDemoPackage)
  * [Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tszFPInYmXQ)
  * [Maintainer](https://twitter.com/ZenRepublicNDM)

## Solana GameShift #

Solana GameShift is an API solution, developed by [Solana
Labs](https://solanalabs.com), to integrate Solana into your game, including
the ability to easily mint and change assets. It also supports USDC on-ramps
and in-game marketplaces. You can onboard your players without creating or
managing blockchain key phrases and easily let them pay with credit card
payments.

  * [Solana GameShift](https://gameshift.solanalabs.com/)
  * [Docs](https://docs.gameshift.dev/)
  * [Example Game Live](https://solplay.de/cubeshift)
  * [Example Game Source](https://github.com/solana-developers/cube_shift)
  * [Example Game Dev log](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hTCPXVn14TY)

## Turbo.Computer - Rust Game Engine #

Turbo is a rust game engine written from the ground up to focus on Solana,
with a lightweight architecture and fast iteration times. It is beginner
friendly and comes with full Solana RPC support. You can even use its AI tools
to generate complete games.

  * [Website](https://turbo.computer/)
  * [Docs](https://turbo.computer/docs/intro)
  * [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/makegamesfast)
  * [Maintainer](https://twitter.com/jozanza)

## Honeycomb Protocol #

Honeycomb provides a suite of on-chain programs and state-compression tools
that handle all crucial game lifecycle functions and composability within the
Solana Virtual Machine (SVM). It supports lots of NFT functionality like
staking, missions, loot boxes, player profiles, state compression, auto
approving transactions and more.

  * [Twitter account](https://twitter.com/honeycomb_prtcl)
  * [Docs](https://docs.honeycombprotocol.com/)

## Unreal SDKs #

Unreal Engine is known for its great visuals and node based scripting
framework. There are multiple Solana SDKs maintained by different companies.

### Bitfrost Unreal SDK #

Bitfrost is working on an Unreal SDK which was already used in multiple games
built during recent Solana game jams. It comes with C# `solnet` support in C++
and Blueprints, minting of metaplex NFTs, payment processor examples in game
wallet and more.

  * [Solana Unreal SDK by Bitfrost](https://github.com/Bifrost-Technologies/Solana-Unreal-SDK)
  * [Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8fm8mFeUkk)
  * [Maintainer](https://twitter.com/BifrostTitan)

### Thugz Unreal SDK #

Thugz is a game studio and NFT project which is also maintaining on open
source a Unreal SDK for Solana. It comes with lots of NFT focused
functionality and has already released the plugin in the Unreal marketplace.

  * [Thugz Unreal plugin](https://www.unrealengine.com/marketplace/en-US/product/thugz-blockchain-plugin)
  * [Repository](https://github.com/ThugzLabs/Thugz-BC-Plugin-Packaged-for-UE5.0)
  * [Video Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dS7sTZd_E9U&ab_channel=ThugzNFT)

### Star Atlas Foundation Kit #

The [Star Atlas](https://staratlas.com/) team open sourced some of their SDK
stack called _Foundation Kit_. It is not actively maintained but can be a
starting point for your project.

  * [Star Atlas Unreal SDK](https://github.com/staratlasmeta/FoundationKit)
  * [Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8fm8mFeUkk)

## Next.js/React + Anchor #

One of the easiest way to build on Solana is using the Web3js JavaScript
framework in combination with the Solana Anchor framework. For more complex
games, we recommend looking into using a Game Engine like
[Unity](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#unity-sdk) or
[Unreal](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#unreal-sdks) though.

The fastest way to set it up a Next.js based game:

    
    
    npx create-solana-game your-game-name

This will generate a great starting application with `wallet-adapter` support,
an Anchor program, a React app, and a Unity client already configured to work
together. A benefit of using Next.js is that you can use the same code in the
backend and in the frontend, speeding up development.

  * [Web3.js](/ru/docs/clients/javascript)
  * [Video Tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnhivg_pemI&t=1s&ab_channel=Solana)

Info

If you are working on a Solana SDK and want to add your preset to the preset
you can open a PR here: [Solana games preset](https://github.com/solana-
developers/solana-game-preset)

## Phaser #

A fast, free, and fun open source framework for Canvas and WebGL powered
browser based games. [Phaser](https://phaser.io/) is a great way to get
started with game development on Solana. The Phaser Solana Platformer Template
is a great starting point for your game.

  * [Source Code](https://github.com/Bread-Heads-NFT/phaser-solana-platformer-template)
  * [Maintainer](https://twitter.com/blockiosaurus)

## Flutter #

Flutter is an open source framework, maintained by Google, for building
beautiful, natively compiled, multi-platform applications from a single
codebase. The Solana Flutter SDK is maintained by the [Espresso
Cash](https://www.espressocash.com/) team.

  * [Source Code](https://github.com/espresso-cash/espresso-cash-public)

## Python #

Python is an easy to learn programming and widely used language (often used in
machine learning applications). The Seahorse framework enables developers to
write Solana programs in Python. Seahorse is built on top of the Anchor
framework and converts Python code into Anchor based rust code. Seahorse is
currently in beta.

  * [Documentation](https://www.seahorse.dev/)
  * [Github Repo](https://github.com/solana-developers/seahorse)
  * [Anchor Playground Example](https://beta.solpg.io/tutorials/hello-seahorse)

## Native C# #

The original port of Web3js to C#. It comes with a bunch of functionality like
transactions, RPC functions and Anchor client code generation.

  * [Source and Docs](https://github.com/bmresearch/Solnet/blob/master/docs/articles/getting_started.md)

[Previous« Solana Game Development Examples](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-
examples)[NextGetting started with game development on Solana
»](/ru/developers/guides/games/getting-started-with-game-development)

##### Table of Contents

  * [Unity SDK](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#unity-sdk)
  * [Godot SDK](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#godot-sdk)
  * [Solana GameShift](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#solana-gameshift)
  * [Turbo.Computer - Rust Game Engine](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#turbo-computer-rust-game-engine)
  * [Honeycomb Protocol](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#honeycomb-protocol)
  * [Unreal SDKs](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#unreal-sdks)
  * [Bitfrost Unreal SDK](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#bitfrost-unreal-sdk)
  * [Thugz Unreal SDK](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#thugz-unreal-sdk)
  * [Star Atlas Foundation Kit](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#star-atlas-foundation-kit)
  * [Next.js/React + Anchor](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#next-js-react-anchor)
  * [Phaser](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#phaser)
  * [Flutter](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#flutter)
  * [Python](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#python)
  * [Native C](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#native-c)

[Scroll to Top](/ru/developers/guides/games/game-sdks#)

[Edit Page](https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-
content/tree/main/content/guides/games/game-sdks.md)

Managed by

[](/ru)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Гранты](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/ru/branding)
  * [Вакансии](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Отказ от ответственности](/ru/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/ru/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [проектов и их число растёт](/ru/ecosystem)
  * [Блог](/ru/news)
  * [Рассылка](/ru/newsletter)

ru

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

