Toggle navigation [ ![](/assets/snowflake.svg) SNOWFLAKE ](/)

  * Products   __
    * [ Snowflake Safe](/)
    * [ Snowflake Automation](/automation.html)

  * [__PRESS](/press.html)
  * [GITHUB](https://github.com/snowflake-so)
  * [BLOGS](https://medium.com/@snowflake_so)
  * [DOCS](https://docs.snowflake.so)
  * [TWITTER ](https://twitter.com/snowflake_sol)
  * [DISCORD](https://discord.gg/9qWK2BNaMD)

  * [ Snowflake Safe](https://safe.snowflake.so)
  * [ Snowflake Automation](https://app.snowflake.so)

[ ![](/assets/safe_preview.png)
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-KEldtBgt0I&autoplay=1)

#  The most  
feature-rich  
multisig platform on Solana

[ Launch App ](https://safe.snowflake.so)  
  
  

Audited by ![](/icons/eco/ottersec.jpeg)![](/icons/eco/certik.png)

#  Trusted by

![](/icons/eco/pyth.svg) Pyth

![](/icons/eco/tulip.png) Tulip

![](/icons/eco/genopets.png) Genopets

![](/icons/eco/notifi.jpeg) Notifi

![](/icons/eco/zeta.jpeg) Zeta

![](/icons/eco/solend.svg) Solend

![](/icons/eco/monkeyleauge.png) M League

![](/icons/eco/elusiv.jpeg) Elusiv

![](/icons/eco/atlas_dex.png) Atlas Dex

![](/icons/eco/goldblin.jpeg) Goblin

![](/icons/eco/hedge.svg)

![](/icons/eco/friktion.png) Friktion

![](/icons/eco/hedgehog.png) Hedgehog

![](/icons/eco/nova.svg) Nova

![](/icons/eco/everlend.svg)

![](/icons/eco/solvent.jpg) Solvent

![](/icons/eco/sentry.png) Sentry

![](/icons/eco/lido.jpg) Lido

![](/icons/eco/everstake.png) Everstake

![](/icons/eco/rentii.jpg) Rentii

[ View Press Release ](/press.html)

  * ![](/icons/founder/ottersec.jpeg)

OtterSec

"We have recently completed our audit on @snowflake_sol multisig wallet
program, and we were impressed by the team’s attention to detail and their
strong commitment to building one of the most secured products in the space!"

  * ![](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1568608006895554561/A8DsiE0e_400x400.jpg)

Deborah Otton  
Nova Finance

"@NovaFinance_ currently uses #Snowflake Safe which has astonishing features
such as an asset manager, #token vesting, token swap, integration, and many
more."

  * ![](/icons/founder/jerome.png)

Jerome  
Founder, Interlink

"After researching what multi-signature wallets are available we have chosen
@snowflake_sol. Snowflake standout for a number of reasons - professionally
qualified team, aesthetically pleasing UI and even smoother UX packed with a
number of advanced apps"

  * ![](/icons/founder/pyth.jpeg)

Pyth

"It’s always an honor to build powerful public tooling with teams like
@snowflake_sol ! ❄️ We look forward to supporting even more innovative
developments to empower users and smart contracts alike "

  * ![](/icons/founder/soju.jpeg)

Soju  
Head of BD, Solend

"Snowflake team have great execution, rapidly utilizing the solend SDK and
toolkit to integrate cToken minting for all their users. Big props to them!"

  * ![](/icons/founder/udav.jpeg)

Uddhav Marwaha  
CEO, Friktion Labs

"Snowflake provides some of Solana’s most powerful, institutional-grade
infrastructure. At Friktion Institutional, we believe DeFi requires enhanced
security and real yield generation in order to scale and are proud users of
Snowflake."

  * ![](/icons/founder/tristan.jpeg)

Tristan  
CEO, Zeta Market

"We chose Snowflake because of its strong security and powerful automation
capabilities, backed by multiple audits from the leading firms. Its
composability made integration with Zeta Flex a breeze and its powerful
automation features made streaming and scheduled distributions of Zeta
tokenized options super easy to set up."

  * ![](/icons/founder/0xnallok.jpeg)

0xNallok  
CTO, Sentries

"Snowflake is paramount to operating the modern business. The flexibility and
tooling provided by Snowflake is second to none. Snowflake has met our higest
security standard for multisig and continues to exceed our demands in this
space. We encourage anyone operating on Solana to check them out."

  * ![](/icons/founder/paul.jpeg)

Paul Kim  
CEO, Notifi

"Snowflake Safe‘s clean UI makes it incredibly easy to schedule future on-
chain transactions and clearly see when they next occur."

  * ![](/icons/founder/yy.jpeg)

YY  
Switchboard

"Had a call with builders from @snowflake_sol and got a showcase on their
product: I’ve got to say the level of customisation and service provided is
top notch; urge every treasury to start utilising multisig and keeping funds
safe."

  * ![](/icons/founder/bohdan.jpg)

Bohdan  
COO, Everstake

"Having an in-depth understanding of what is important makes Snowflake second
to none. Flawless UI makes us feel at home, and everything is just in the
right place. The commitment and painstaking of Snowflakes' expert team allow
us to enjoy the security of blockchain to its fullest extent."

  * ![](/icons/founder/drumil.jpeg)

Dhrumil Mehta  
Founder, Solvent

"We use @snowflake_sol at Solvent and it is awesome. The gnosis-safe like UX
is extremely easy to use. Multiple audits from leading firms and highly
experienced team."

  * ![](/icons/founder/ottersec.jpeg)

OtterSec

"We have recently completed our audit on @snowflake_sol multisig wallet
program, and we were impressed by the team’s attention to detail and their
strong commitment to building one of the most secured products in the space!"

  * ![](https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_images/1568608006895554561/A8DsiE0e_400x400.jpg)

Deborah Otton  
Nova Finance

"@NovaFinance_ currently uses #Snowflake Safe which has astonishing features
such as an asset manager, #token vesting, token swap, integration, and many
more."

  * ![](/icons/founder/jerome.png)

Jerome  
Founder, Interlink

"After researching what multi-signature wallets are available we have chosen
@snowflake_sol. Snowflake standout for a number of reasons - professionally
qualified team, aesthetically pleasing UI and even smoother UX packed with a
number of advanced apps"

  * ![](/icons/founder/pyth.jpeg)

Pyth

"It’s always an honor to build powerful public tooling with teams like
@snowflake_sol ! ❄️ We look forward to supporting even more innovative
developments to empower users and smart contracts alike "

  * ![](/icons/founder/soju.jpeg)

Soju  
Head of BD, Solend

"Snowflake team have great execution, rapidly utilizing the solend SDK and
toolkit to integrate cToken minting for all their users. Big props to them!"

  * ![](/icons/founder/udav.jpeg)

Uddhav Marwaha  
CEO, Friktion Labs

"Snowflake provides some of Solana’s most powerful, institutional-grade
infrastructure. At Friktion Institutional, we believe DeFi requires enhanced
security and real yield generation in order to scale and are proud users of
Snowflake."

  * ![](/icons/founder/tristan.jpeg)

Tristan  
CEO, Zeta Market

"We chose Snowflake because of its strong security and powerful automation
capabilities, backed by multiple audits from the leading firms. Its
composability made integration with Zeta Flex a breeze and its powerful
automation features made streaming and scheduled distributions of Zeta
tokenized options super easy to set up."

  * ![](/icons/founder/0xnallok.jpeg)

0xNallok  
CTO, Sentries

"Snowflake is paramount to operating the modern business. The flexibility and
tooling provided by Snowflake is second to none. Snowflake has met our higest
security standard for multisig and continues to exceed our demands in this
space. We encourage anyone operating on Solana to check them out."

  * ![](/icons/founder/paul.jpeg)

Paul Kim  
CEO, Notifi

"Snowflake Safe‘s clean UI makes it incredibly easy to schedule future on-
chain transactions and clearly see when they next occur."

  * ![](/icons/founder/yy.jpeg)

YY  
Switchboard

"Had a call with builders from @snowflake_sol and got a showcase on their
product: I’ve got to say the level of customisation and service provided is
top notch; urge every treasury to start utilising multisig and keeping funds
safe."

#  Institutional-grade Security

###  Multiple audits from the top-tier security firms.

Open-source & peer reviewed by the leading teams in Solana.

[ View Reports ](https://github.com/snowflake-so/snowflake-multisig-audit-
reports)  
  

![](/icons/eco/ottersec.jpeg) OtterSec

![](/icons/eco/certik.png) Certik

#  Unmatched Features

##  Multi-signature

Fully customize how you manage your company crypto assets, with the option to
require a predefined number of signatures to confirm transactions. Require
multiple team members to confirm every transaction in order to execute it,
which helps prevent unauthorized access to company crypto.

![](/features/proposal.png)

![](/features/assets.png)

##  Asset Manager

Securely manage all your assets including Coins and NFTs in one secure
multisig. See fiat values of your assets and portfolio balance in real-time.

##  Token Vesting

Setup token vesting to your investors and partners within minutes. Snowflake
Multisig supports vesting with flexible schedules and at near-zero of cost.

![](/features/vesting.png)

![](/features/recurring.png)

##  Automate Your Team Operations

Schedule payroll, recurring payments and future payments. Automate all your
crypto operations in a few clicks.

##  Address Book

Address Book let you manage your contacts securely and store privately on your
local browsers. Sending funds using contacts and eliminating mistakes from
entering addresses manually.

![](/features/contacts.png)

![](/features/swap.png)

##  Swap Token

Snowflake Safe lets you manage your assets without having to move tokens in
and out. You can swap tokens, setup DCA or stop loss protection directly from
the multisig.

##  Invest and Earn Yields

Put your safe assets to work. Snowflake integrates seamlessly with Solend,
Friktion, Marinade and other major protocols where you can invest and earn
yields securely without leaving your safes.

![](/features/invest.png)

![](/features/program-upgrade.png)

##  Secure Your Smart Contract

Snowflake Solana Program Management app helps to secure your smart contract
upgrade authority. You can transfer program authorities into the multisig
within a few clicks and initiate upgrade process directly from Snowflake.

##  Securely Manage NFT Metadata

Snowflake Metaplex app makes it simple and transparent for teams and DAOs to
manage their NFT collections. You can easily transfer NFT authorities into the
multisigs, view and update metadata within a secure multisig context.

![](/features/metaplex.png)

![](/features/apps.png)

##  Safe App Store

Bringing multisig security to DeFi. Put your funds to work and interact
directly with your favourite protocols directly from Snowflake interface. Use
your digital assets to invest, earn, borrow, invoice, do payroll and more.

  
  
  
  

![](/assets/snowflake.svg) SNOWFLAKE

  
  

**Company** [ Docs](https://docs.snowflake.so) [
App](https://safe.snowflake.so) [ Terms of Service](/legals/Snowflake-TOS.pdf)
[ Privacy Policy](/legals/Snowflake-Privacy.pdf)

**Community** [ __ @snowflake_sol](https://twitter.com/snowflake_sol) [__
team@snowflake.so](mailto:team@snowflake.so) [ __
@snowflake_so](https://medium.com/@snowflake_so) [ __ snowflake-
so](https://github.com/snowflake-so)

* * *

©2022 Snowflake Network

