[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

build on neon

#

Last revised: 8.06.2023

* * *

You should carefully read this Disclaimer (the “**Disclaimer** ”). By using,
accessing or registering on the Service (as this term defined in the Terms of
Use) in any manner, including but not limited to visiting or browsing this
Website, you agree to be bound by this Disclaimer and all other operating
rules, policies and procedures (changes, amendment, alterations thereto) that
may be published from time to time on this Website.

This Disclaimer should be read in conjunction with the [Terms of Use](/terms).

**1\. INTRODUCTION**

1.1. Disclaimer applies to you when using our website
[neonevm.org](https://neonevm.org/) (the “**Website** ”).

1.2. Hereby you irrevocably declare:

    1.2.1. that you have read, understood, found satisfactory and fully accepted this Disclaimer;

    1.2.2. that you consider this Disclaimer and risk warnings and risk disclosures provided in the Website in any form.

**2\. COPYRIGHT NOTICE**

2.1. Subject to the express provisions of this Disclaimer:

    2.1.1. we, together with our licensors, own and control all the copyright and other intellectual property rights on Website and the material thereon; and

    2.1.2. all the copyright and other intellectual property rights on Website and the material on Website are reserved.

**3\. LIMITED WARRANTIES**

3.1. The Company does not give any warranties regarding the accuracy,
adequacy, correctness, completeness, reliability, timeliness, non-
infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for any purpose of the data,
information, content on the Website or any website or services linked to the
Website, or that the data, information, content available on the Website, or
associated therewith, is or will be uninterrupted or error-free or that such
errors or defects will be fixed or that the Website will be free from viruses,
virus attacks or other harmful elements, and expressly disclaims liability for
the same and any errors or omissions.

3.2. The Company shall not be liable for availability of the Website at all
times, in all countries and/or all geographic locations, or at any given time.

3.3. The data, information, content on the Website may not always be entirely
accurate, comprehensive, complete or up-to-date and may also contain technical
inaccuracies or typographical errors - no representation, warranty or
undertaking is given by the Company in this regard. In particular, the Company
shall not be obliged to remove any outdated information from the Website or to
expressly mark it as outdated. You should verify all information before
relying on it, and all decisions based on information contained on the Website
are your sole responsibility and we shall have no liability for such
decisions.

3.4. Your use of any information or materials on the Website is entirely at
your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own
responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available
through the Website meet your specific requirements.

3.5. Neither the information posted on, nor any opinions contained within
pages of the Website constitutes a public offer under any applicable law or an
offer or solicitation or recommendation to make the investment, to enter into
the contract, buy or sell any securities or financial instruments, to affect
any transactions, or to conclude any legal act of any kind whatsoever. If any
of information and opinions contained in the Website may be declared as
constituting a public offer under the laws of the jurisdiction from which you
wish to access the Website, you must not access the Website.

**4\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

4.1. The Service, including all the content, is provided on “as is” and “as
available” basis and the Company makes no representations or warranties of any
kind whatsoever for the Service.

4.2. To the fullest extent permissible by applicable law, the Company
disclaims any express or implied warranties, including, without limitation,
non-infringement, title, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
We do not warrant that the Service or any information, materials or content
will be completely secure, uninterrupted or error free, that defects will be
corrected, or that the Website, the server, or blockchain technology that
makes it available is free of viruses or other harmfu components. We shall not
be liable for the use of the Service, including, without limitation, the
content and any errors contained therein provided by other users or third
parties.

4.3. In no event will we be liable under any theory of tort, contract, strict
liability or other legal or equitable theory for any direct, indirect,
special, incidental, or other consequential damages, lost profits, lost data,
lost opportunities, costs of cover, exemplary, punitive, personal
injury/wrongful death, each of which is hereby excluded hereby.

4.4. If any part of these warranty disclaimers or limitations of liability is
found to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason or if we are otherwise
found to be liable to you in any manner, then the Company aggregates liability
for all claims under such circumstances for liabilities shall not exceed one
hundred U.S. dollars (100.00$), or the amount you paid the Company directly,
if any, in the past 3 (three) month for the Service giving rise to the claim
(whichever is higher).

4.5. All materials contained within the Website shall be reviewed in their
entirety, including any footnotes, legal disclaimers, restrictions or
disclosures, and any copyright or proprietary notices. Any disclaimers,
restrictions, disclosures or hedge clauses apply to any partial document or
material in the same manner as they do the whole, and will be deemed
incorporated in the portion of any material or document that you consult or
download.

4.6. Users of the Website should seek independent financial advice prior to
making any investment decision and no information on the Website shall
constitute general or specific investment, legal, tax or accounting advice of
any kind. You should consult your own legal, financial, tax and other
professional advisor regarding any matter related to the Website.

4.7. The Website and Service are not of broker, dealer, financial institution,
exchange, custodian nature.

4.8. The published information contained on the Website does not constitute an
offer to invest in securities and property rights that are not certified by
securities, or solicitation for investment in securities in any jurisdiction.

4.9. In no event will Company and/or its affiliates be liable to any person
for any loss arising out of any use of the information contained on the
Website, or on any other hyper-linked website.

4.10. Please refer to the Disclaimer for the other provisions of Company’s
liability and warranties with regard to the data, information, and content on
the Website.

**5\. INDEMNIFICATION**

5.1. You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Company, our
officers, directors, employees, business partners and agents, from and against
any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt,
and expenses arising from: (i) any breach by you of any provision of the Terms
of Use; (ii) your use of information, materials or features available on the
Website or through the Service; (iii) a violation by you of applicable law or
any agreement or terms with a third party to which you are subject; or (iv)
any transactions between you and a third party through information available
on the Website or through the Service.

**6\. LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS OF LIABILITY**

6.1. Nothing in this Disclaimer will:

    6.1.1. limit or exclude any liability for death or personal injury resulting from negligence;

    6.1.2. limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;

    6.1.3. limit any liabilities in any way that is not permitted under applicable law; or

    6.1.4. exclude any liabilities that may not be excluded under applicable law.

* * *

[](/)

[](https://twitter.com/Neon_EVM "twitter")[](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm "github")[](https://discord.gg/neonevm
"discord")[](https://medium.com/@neon_evm
"medium")[](https://t.me/NeonEvmCommunity
"telegram")[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/neonevm/ "linkedin")

### Stay connected

Subscribe to all Neon EVM updates

subscribe

Developers

[Developers Hub](/developers)[Technical
Docs](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)[GitHub](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm)[Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)[FAQs](/faq)

Ecosystem

[Ecosystem
Hub](/ecosystem)[NeonScan](https://neonscan.org)[NeonPass](https://neonpass.live/)[NeonFaucet](https://neonfaucet.org/)[Gnosis
Safe](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)[BlockScout](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

About Neon

[Careers](/careers)[Events](/events)[Community News](/blog)

All rights reserved © 2024

  * [Terms Of Use](/terms)
  * [Cookie Policy](/cookie-policy)

  * [Disclaimer](/disclaimer)
  * [Privacy](/privacy-policy)

