[ جديد: استمتع بجعل استرداد المحفظة أسهل مع Ledger Recover، المُقدَّمة من
Coincover بدء الاستخدام ](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/ar "Ledger")

  * المنتجات
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [قارن بين أجهزتنا](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "قارن بين أجهزتنا")
    * [الحزم](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/#category-bundle "الحزم")
    * [الملحقات](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/#category-accessories "الملحقات")
    * [التعاونات](https://www.ledger.com/ar/%D8%AA%D8%B9%D8%A7%D9%88%D9%86%D8%A7%D8%AA-ledger "التعاونات")
    * [شاهد جميع المنتجات](https://shop.ledger.com/ar "شاهد جميع المنتجات")
    * [تنزيل Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ar/ledger-live "تنزيل Ledger Live")
    * [الأصول المشفرة المدعومة](/ar/supported-crypto-assets "الأصول المشفرة المدعومة")
  * التطبيق والخدمات
    * [تطبيق Ledger Live](/ar/ledger-live "تطبيق Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [بطاقة CL](https://www.ledger.com/ar/%D8%A8%D8%B7%D8%A7%D9%82%D8%A9-ledger "بطاقة CL")
    * [الخدمات المدعومة](/ar/supported-services "الخدمات المدعومة")
    * [أسعار الأصول المشفرة](https://www.ledger.com/ar/coin/price "أسعار الأصول المشفرة")
  * تعلّم
    * [أكاديمية ليدجر (Ledger Academy)](/ar/academy "أكاديمية ليدجر \(Ledger Academy\)")
    * [تعلّم واربح](https://quest.ledger.com/ "تعلّم واربح")
    * [الفصل التعليمي](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "الفصل التعليمي")
    * [المدونة](https://www.ledger.com/ar/blog "المدونة")
    * [ما هي محفظة الأصول المشفرة](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "ما هي محفظة الأصول المشفرة")
    * [كيفية الشراء](https://www.ledger.com/ar/buy "كيفية الشراء")
    * [كيفية المبادلة](https://www.ledger.com/ar/swap "كيفية المبادلة")
    * [كيفية التكديس](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking "كيفية التكديس")
  * للشركات
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [شركاء Ledger](/ar/partners "شركاء Ledger")
    * [شراكة Ledger ذات العلامة التجارية المشتركة](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "شراكة Ledger ذات العلامة التجارية المشتركة")
  * [للمطورين](https://developers.ledger.com/ "للمطورين")
  * [الدعم](https://support.ledger.com/hc/ar "الدعم")
  * العربية
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/partners)
    * [English](https://www.ledger.com/partners)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/partners)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/partner-hub)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/%D1%85%D0%B0%D0%B1-%D0%BF%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%91%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%B2)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/centro-de-socios)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/partners)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/%ED%8C%8C%ED%8A%B8%EB%84%88-%ED%97%88%EB%B8%8C)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ortaklar-merkezi)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/centro-de-parceiros)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

برامج الشركاء

# قم بتنمية شركتك بانضمامك كشريك Ledger

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/08/partner-hero-
bg.svg)

Ledger | شركة تابعة

هل أنت مدون أو صانع مُحتوى على Youtube أو شخص مؤثر أو لديك رأياً مسموعاً في
عالم الأصول المشفرة؟ كن مسوقاً تابعاً لشركة Ledger وستتم مكافأتك على الترويج
لمنتجاتنا.

  * عمولات جذابة بالأصول المشفرة  
  

  * علاقة مباشرة مع Ledger  
  

  * الوصول المبكر إلى أخبار Ledger  
  

[كن مسوقاً تابعاً لشركة Ledger](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates "كن
مسوقاً تابعاً لشركة Ledger")

Ledger | موزع معتمد

لديك موقع ويب أو متجر خاص بك وترغب في بيع منتجات Ledger؟ انضم إلى برنامج
الموزعين المعتمدين لدينا وتمتع بالوصول إلى محافظ الأجهزة الأكثر شيوعاً في عالم
الأصول المشفرة.

  * أفضل سعر لأفضل محفظة  
  

  * الوصول المباشر إلى الدعم  
  

  * المواد والعروض الترويجية المخصصة  
  

[كن موزعاً معتمداً لشركة Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/ar/become-a-ledger-
reseller "كن موزعاً معتمداً لشركة Ledger")

![منتجات للعلامات التجارية المشتركة](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/08/ledger-nano-hardware-1.png)

منتجات للعلامات التجارية المشتركة

### قم بتمكين شركائك أو مجتمعك أو موظفيك من خلال استخدام منتجات مخصصة

قم بتخصيص منتجك من Ledger من خلال استخدام هوية علامتك التجارية الخاصة بك
ابتداءً من حفر علامتك على الجهاز وصولاً إلى التخصيص الكامل للغلاف.

  

[احصل على منتجات مخصصة](/ar/co-branded-partnership "احصل على منتجات مخصصة")

## Ledger Vault

### قم بتوسيع نطاق تجارة أصولك الرقمية دون المساس بأمنك

هل لديك عمل متعلق بالأصول المشفرة وتواجه مشكلات في المرونة مع الحفظ البارد
التقليدي؟  
Ledger Vault الحل المطلق لإدارة أصولك الرقمية بأمان.

[تعرّف على المزيد حول Ledger Vault](https://vaultplatform.ledger.com/ "تعرّف
على المزيد حول Ledger Vault")

### كن على تواصل

يمكن العثور على الإعلانات في مدونتنا. تواصل إعلامي:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### اشترك في رسالتنا الإخبارية  

عملات جديدة يتم دعمها وتحديثات المدونة والعروض الحصرية تصل إلى صندوق الوارد
لديك مباشرةً

  

أدخل بريدك الإلكتروني

تسجيل في النشرة البريدية

عنوان بريدك الالكتروني سيتم استخدامه فقط لإرسال رسائلنا الإخبارية إليك،
بالإضافة إلى التحديثات والعروض. يمكنك إلغاء الاشتراك في أي وقت باستخدام الرابط
الوارد في الرسائل الإخبارية.

[اعرف المزيد عن كيف ندير بياناتك
وحقوقك.](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com/ar "Ledger")

  * العربية
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/partners)
    * [English](https://www.ledger.com/partners)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/partners)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/partner-hub)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/%D1%85%D0%B0%D0%B1-%D0%BF%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%91%D1%80%D0%BE%D0%B2)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/centro-de-socios)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/partners)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/%ED%8C%8C%ED%8A%B8%EB%84%88-%ED%97%88%EB%B8%8C)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ortaklar-merkezi)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/centro-de-parceiros)

حقوق النشر محفوظة © Ledger SAS. جميع الحقوق محفوظة. Ledger و Ledger Stax و
Ledger Nano S و Ledger Vault و Bolos هي علامات تجارية مسجلة لشركة Ledger SAS.  
  
وعنوانها: 1, rue du Mail، باريس 75002، فرنسا  
  
طرق الدفع  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * المنتجات
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [قارن بين أجهزتنا](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [الحِزم](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/#category__bundle)
    * [الملحقات](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/#category-accessories)
    * [جميع المنتجات](https://shop.ledger.com/ar)
    * [التنزيلات](/ar/ledger-live)

  * الأصول المشفرة
    * [محفظة بيتكوين](https://www.ledger.com/ar/بيتكوين)
    * [محفظة إيثريوم](https://www.ledger.com/ar/erum-v2)
    * [محفظة Cardano](https://www.ledger.com/ar/cardano)
    * [محفظة XRP](https://www.ledger.com/ar/ripple-xrp)
    * [محفظة مونيرو](https://www.ledger.com/ar/مونيرو-monero)
    * [محفظة USDT](https://www.ledger.com/ar/تيثر-tether)
    * [رؤية جميع الأصول](/ar/supported-crypto-assets)

  * خدمات الأصول المشفرة
    * [أسعار الأصول المشفرة](https://www.ledger.com/ar/coin/price)
    * [شراء الأصول المشفرة](/ar/buy)
    * [التكديس](/ar/staking)
    * [مبادلة الأصول المشفرة](/ar/swap)

  * للشركات
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * للشركات الناشئة
    * [التمويل من Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/ar/cathay)

  * المطورون
    * [بوابة المطور](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * بدء الاستخدام
    * [ابدأ استخدام جهازك Ledger](/ar/start)
    * [المحافظ والخدمات المتوافقة](/ar/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [كيف تشتري بيتكوين](http://ar/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [نصائح قبل شراء بيتكوين](https://www.ledger.com/ar/buy-bitcoin-how)
    * [محفظة أجهزة بيتكوين](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * انظر أيضاً
    * [الدعم](https://support.ledger.com/hc/ar)
    * [برنامج المكافآت (bounty)](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [الموزعين المعتمدين](/ar/reseller)
    * [ملف Ledger الصحفي](/ar/press)
    * [الشركات التابعة](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [الحالة](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [الشركاء](/ar/partners)

  * الوظائف
    * [انضم إلينا](https://www.ledger.com/ar/career)
    * [جميع الوظائف](/ar/join-us)

  * لمحة
    * [رؤيتنا](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [أكاديمية ليدجر (Ledger Academy)](/ar/academy)
    * [الشركة](/ar/the-company)
    * [من نحن](/ar/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [التنوع](/ar/diversity)
    * [المدونة](/ar/blog)

  * القانونية
    * [المركز القانوني](https://www.ledger.com/ar/legal-center)
    * [شروط وأحكام المبيعات](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [سياسة الخصوصية](https://shop.ledger.com/ar/pages/privacy-policy)
    * [إخلاء مسؤولية](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

