  * [![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-logo.png&w=640&q=75)](/)
  * [Characters](/characters)
  * [Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Community](/community)
  * Menu

# Privacy policy

Last updated: 02.11.2023

## Introduction

**YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS POLICY**

Claynosaurz Inc. and our affiliates (“**Claynosaurz** ”, “**we** ”, “**us** ”,
and “**our** ”) respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it.

This policy applies to information we collect, use, or disclose about you on
[http://claynosaurz.com/](http://claynosaurz.com/) and its related web pages
(the “**Website** ”), through your correspondence with us, and when you
interact with us or our advertising and applications on third-party websites
and services.

**Please read this policy carefully to understand Claynosaurz’s policies and
practices for collecting, processing, and storing your personal information.
If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use the
Website.**

By accessing or using the Website, you indicate that you understand, accept,
and consent to the practices described in this policy. This policy may change
from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes
indicates that you accept and consent to those changes, so please check the
policy periodically for updates. Moreover, if you provide Claynosaurz or our
service providers and agents with personal information of another individual,
you represent that you have all necessary authority or have obtained all
necessary consents from such person to enable us to collect, use, and disclose
such personal information for the purposes set forth in this policy. If you do
not have the necessary authority or consents, please do not provide the
personal information of that other individual. We will notify you in advance
of any material changes to this policy and obtain your consent to any new ways
that we collect, use, and disclose your personal information to the extent
required by law.

**WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION AND WHAT IS COVERED BY THIS POLICY**

Canadian privacy laws generally define "personal information" as any
information about an identifiable individual, which includes information that
can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or
locate an individual.

This policy describes how we collect, use, disclose, and protect your personal
information when you visit or use the Website, the types of information we may
collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the Website, and
Claynosaurz’s practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and
disclosing that information.

We will only use your personal information in accordance with this policy or
as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law. We take steps to ensure
that the personal information we collect about you is adequate, relevant, not
excessive, and used for limited purposes.

**THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES**

The Website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, services,
social networks, or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those
connections may allow the third party to collect or share data about you. If
you follow a link to a third-party website or engage a third-party plugin,
please note that we do not control these third-party websites, these third
parties have their own privacy policies and we are not responsible or liable
for these policies, and we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every
website you visit.

## Information we collect about you

We collect and use several types of information from and about you, including:

  * Personal information, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, username or other similar identifier, billing and account information, and any other identifier we may use to contact you;

  * Non-personal information, that does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity or directly relate to an identifiable individual, such as non-personal demographic information or statistical or aggregated information. Statistical or aggregated data does not directly identify a specific person, but we may derive non-personal statistical or aggregated data from personal information. For example, we may aggregate personal information to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific feature of the Website in a way that cannot be used to identify an individual;

  * Technical information, including your login information, if any, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, or information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the Website, and usage details; and

  * Non-personal details about your interactions with the Website, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs), clickstream to, through, and from the Website (including date and time), products you viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), or methods used to browse away from the Website.

## How we collect information about you

We use different methods to collect your information, including through:

  * **Direct interactions with youwhere you provide information to us** , for example, by filling in forms on the Website or corresponding with us;

  * **Automated technologies or interactions** , as you navigate through the Website. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies;

  * **Third parties or publicly available sources** , for example, Claynosaurz’s business partners, or when you connect a digital wallet or social media account to the Website.

## Information you provide to us

The information we collect directly from you on or through the Website may
include:

  * Information that you provide by, for example, filling in forms on the Website. This may include information provided at the time of registering to use the Website, subscribing to or purchasing Claynosaurz’s goods or services, posting material, responding to surveys requesting further goods or services, or otherwise contacting us. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, or when you report a problem with the Website;

  * Details of transactions you carry out through the Website, if applicable, and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through the Website; and

  * Your search queries on the Website.

You may also provide information to be posted on public areas of the Website
or transmitted to other users of the Website or third parties (collectively,
"User-Generated Content"). Your User-Generated Content is posted on the
Website and transmitted to others at your own risk. We cannot control the
actions of other users of the Website with whom you may choose to share your
User-Generated Content. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that
unauthorized persons will not view your User-Generated Content.

## Information we collect through cookies and other automatic data collection
technologies

As you navigate through and interact with the Website, we may use cookies or
other automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information
about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:

  * Details of your visits to the Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website; and

  * Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type.

We may also use these technologies to collect information about your online
activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services
(behavioral tracking). To learn more or to opt-out of tailored advertising
please visit [Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada Opt-Out
Tool](https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools).

The information we collect automatically is statistical information and may
include personal information, and we may maintain it or associate it with
personal information we collect in other ways. It helps us to improve the
Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by
enabling us to estimate our audience size and usage patterns, store
information about your preferences, speed up your searches, and recognize you
when you return to the Website.

The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:

  * **Cookies (or browser cookies)**. A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting, you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system may issue cookies when you direct your browser to the Website;

  * **Flash Cookies.** Certain features of the Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on the Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings that are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see the section on Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information;

  * **Web Beacons**. Pages of the Website or emails we send to you may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us to, for example, count users who have visited those pages or opened that email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity); and

  * **Third-party Analytics**. We may use third-party analytics companies, for example Google Analytics, to evaluate use of the Website. We use these tools to help us understand use of, and to improve, the Website, performance, ad campaigns, and user experiences. These third parties may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or local storage objects (LSOs), to perform their services.

**THIRD PARTIES**

We may also collect information, including personal information, about you
from third parties, which we may combine with other information we have
collected.

Some content or applications on the Website, including advertisements, are
served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers,
content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use
cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking
technologies to collect information about you when you use the Website. The
information they collect may be associated with your personal information or
they may collect information, including personal information, about your
online activities over time and across different websites and other online
services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based
(behavioural) advertising or other targeted content.

You can opt-out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' cookies
simultaneously by using an opt-out tools created by the Digital Advertising
Alliance of Canada or the Network Advertising Initiative. You can also access
these websites to learn more about online behavioural advertising and how to
stop websites from placing cookies on your device. Opting out of a network
does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that
the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to
your web preferences and usage patterns.

We do not control these third-party tracking technologies or how they are
used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted
content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For more
information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from
many providers, see the section on Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your
Information.

## How we use your information

We use information, including personal information, that we collect about you
or that you provide to us:

  * To present the Website and its contents to you, provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us, allow you to participate in interactive features, social media, or similar features on the Website, or notify you about changes to the Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;

  * To fulfill the purposes for which you provided the information or that were described when it was collected, or any other purpose for which you provide it;

  * To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts with you or to comply with legal requirements, protect the safety, rights, property, or security of Claynosaurz or the general public, detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues, and to prevent or stop activity that we consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity;

  * To improve the Website, products or services, marketing, or customer relationships and experiences, measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you, or monitor, analyze and understand usage and activity trends and for other research, analytical, and statistical purposes; and

  * For any other purpose with your consent or as permitted by law.

## Disclosure of your information

We may disclose aggregated information about our users and information that
does not identify any individual without restriction.

We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as
described in this privacy policy:

  * To our subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable;

  * In accordance with applicable law, to another entity in connection with an acquisition or merger, sale or transfer of a business unit or assets, bankruptcy proceeding, or as part of any other similar business transfer in which personal information held by Claynosaurz is among the assets transferred, including during negotiations related to such transactions;

  * To advertisers and advertising networks that require the information to select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others. We may use aggregate information about our users to help advertisers target a specific audience. We may make use of the personal information we have collected from you to enable us to display our advertisers' advertisement to that target audience;

  * To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business (such as analytics and search engine providers that assist us with Website improvement and optimization) and who are contractually obligated to keep personal information confidential, use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and to process the personal information with the same standards set out in this policy;

  * To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it, for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information or permitted by law, or with your consent; or

  * To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, in accordance with applicable law, enforce or apply our term of use and other agreements, or if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Claynosaurz, our customers, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

## Transferring your personal information

We may transfer personal information that we collect or that you provide as
described in this policy to contractors, service providers, and other third
parties we use to support our business (such as analytics and search engine
providers that assist us with website improvement and optimization) and who
are contractually obligated to keep personal information confidential, use it
only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them, and to process the
personal information with the same standards set out in this policy.

By providing us with personal information, you acknowledge and agree that such
personal information may be transferred to other jurisdictions for processing
and storage, including in servers located across Canada and in the United
States. In these circumstances, the governments, courts, law enforcement, or
regulatory agencies of the jurisdiction of destination may be able to obtain
access to your personal information through the laws of the foreign country.
Whenever we engage a service provider, we require that its privacy and
security standards adhere to this policy and applicable Canadian privacy
legislation.

## Choices about how we use and disclose your information

We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you
provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following
control over your information:

  * **Tracking Technologies and Advertising**. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Website may not be accessible or may not function properly. For more information about tracking technologies, see the section on Information We Collect Through Cookies and Other Automatic Data Collection Technologies.

  * **Third-Party Advertising**. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt-out by contacting our Privacy Officer.

  * **Promotional Offers from Claynosaurz**. If you have opted in to receive certain emails from us but no longer wish to have your email address or contact information used by Claynosaurz to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt-out by contacting our Privacy Officer. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may unsubscribe by clicking the unsubscribe link we have included in the email. This opt-out does not apply to information provided to Claynosaurz as part of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience, or other transaction.

  * **Targeted Advertising**. If you do not want us to use information that we collect or that you provide to us to deliver advertisements according to our advertisers' target-audience preferences, you can opt out by contacting our Privacy Officer. For this opt-out mechanism to function, you must have your browser set to accept browser cookies.

We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to
serve interest-based advertising. These third parties may provide you with
ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You
can opt out of several third-party ad servers' and networks' cookies
simultaneously by using an opt-out tools created by the Digital Advertising
Alliance of Canada or the Network Advertising Initiative. You can also access
these websites to learn more about online behavioural advertising and how to
stop websites from placing cookies on your device. Opting out of a network
does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that
the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to
your web preferences and usage patterns.

## Data security

The security of your personal information is very important to us. We use
reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative measures designed to
secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized
access, use, alteration, and disclosure. Any payment transactions performed by
Claynosaurz will be encrypted using SSL technology.

The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have
given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of
the Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We
ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful
about giving out information in public areas of the Website, which any Website
visitor can view.

Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not
completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal
information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information
transmitted to the Website. Any transmission of personal information is at
your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy
settings or security measures contained on the Website.

## Data retention

Except as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law or regulation, we
will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill
the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any
legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. Under some circumstances we may
anonymize your personal information so that it can no longer be associated
with you. We reserve the right to use such anonymous and de-identified data
for any legitimate business purpose without further notice to you or your
consent.

## Children under the age of 14

No one under age 14 may provide any personal information through or on the
Website without parental or guardian consent. We do not knowingly collect
personal information from children under 14 without such consent. If we learn
we have collected or received personal information from a child under 14
without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If
you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 14,
please contact our Privacy Officer.

## Accessing and correcting your personal information

It is important that the personal information we hold about you is accurate
and current. Please keep us informed if your personal information changes. By
law, you have the right to request access to and to correct the personal
information that we hold about you.

We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity
and your right to access, and to provide you with the personal information
that we hold about you or make your requested changes. Applicable law may
allow or require us to refuse to provide you with access to some or all of the
personal information that we hold about you, or we may have destroyed, erased,
or made your personal information anonymous in accordance with our record
retention obligations and practices. If we cannot provide you with access to
your personal information, we will inform you of the reasons why, subject to
any legal or regulatory restrictions.

We will provide access to your personal information, subject to exceptions set
out in applicable privacy legislation.

If you are concerned about our response or would like to correct the
information provided, you may contact our Privacy Officer.

## Withdrawing your consent

Where you have provided your consent to the collection, use, and transfer of
your personal information, you may have the legal right to withdraw your
consent under certain circumstances. To withdraw your consent, if applicable,
contact our Privacy Officer. Please note that if you withdraw your consent, we
may not be able to provide you with a particular product or service. We will
explain the impact to you at the time to help you with your decision.

## Changes to our privacy policy

It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this
page. We include the date the privacy policy was last revised at the top of
the page. You are responsible for periodically visiting the Website and this
privacy policy to check for any changes.

## Contact information and challenging compliance

We welcome your questions, comments, and requests regarding this privacy
policy and our privacy practices. Please contact our Privacy Officer at:

Attn: Privacy Officer  
legal@claynosaurz.com  
11465 Rue Laforest  
Montréal, QC H3M 2W5

We have procedures in place to receive and respond to complaints or inquiries
about our handling of personal information, our compliance with this policy,
and with applicable privacy laws. To discuss our compliance with this policy
please contact our Privacy Officer using the contact information listed above.

**Our partners**

  * [![Metaplex](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fe96b2e29713066eb07ee829abc60187908282f6c-514x48.svg%3Frect%3D161%2C0%2C192%2C48%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.metaplex.com)
  * [![Solana org](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F4cd65b73b5fea76180d8d19bd5b4288ef41d562a-372x61.svg%3Frect%3D64%2C0%2C244%2C61%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.solana.org)
  * [![Tensor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fc81421bc08c270fa07dd946e7acbe67ea9adef7a-4421x992.svg%3Frect%3D227%2C0%2C3968%2C992%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://tensor.trade)
  * [![Conductor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F0d841ce112bd359580f074ae104cd2db0bb5ae52-726x454.svg%3Frect%3D0%2C136%2C726%2C182%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.conductortech.com/coreweave)
  * [![CoreWeave](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F59c99e0266a43add08e3640627df28afdee7f6b7-4578x619.svg%3Frect%3D1051%2C0%2C2476%2C619%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.coreweave.com/)

**About**

  * [ Characters](/characters)
  * [Claynotopia](/claynotopia)
  * [Lore](/lore)

**Collectibles**

  * [ Claynosaurz](/collectibles/claynosaurz)
  * [Call Of Saga](/collectibles/call-of-saga)
  * [Dactyl](/collectibles/dactyl)
  * [Claymaker](/collectibles/claymaker)
  * [Clay](/collectibles/clay)

**Other pages**

  * [ Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Media](/media)
  * [Values & Team](/team)
  * [News](/news)

![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-
logo.png&w=320&q=75)

  * © 2023 Claynosaurz
  * [Press](/press)
  * [Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)
  * [Privacy policy](/privacy-policy)

**Adventure is never really far...**

  * [](https://x.com/claynosaurz "twitter")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/claynosaurz/ "instagram")
  * [](https://discord.gg/claynosaurz "discord")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/@Claynosaurz_Official "youtube")
  * [](https://www.tiktok.com/@claynosaurz "tiktok")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/claynosaurz "linkedin")

