Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Mining

H

Last edit: [@HiroyukiNaito(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/HiroyukiNaito), March 13, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What is Ethereum mining?
  * Why do miners exist?
    * Cost of mining
  * How Ethereum transactions were mined
  * Ommer (uncle) blocks
  * A visual demo
  * The mining algorithm
  * Related topics

![👋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f44b.svg)

Proof-of-work is no longer underlying Ethereum's consensus mechanism, meaning
mining has been switched off. Instead, Ethereum is secured by validators who
stake ETH. You can start staking your ETH today. Read more on [The
Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/), [proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/), and [staking](/en/staking/). This page is for historical
interest only.

## Prerequisites

To better understand this page, we recommend you first read up on
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/),
[blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/) and [proof-of-
work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/).

## What is Ethereum mining?

Mining is the process of creating a block of transactions to be added to the
Ethereum blockchain in Ethereum's now-deprecated proof-of-work architecture.

The word mining originates in the context of the gold analogy for
cryptocurrencies. Gold or precious metals are scarce, so are digital tokens,
and the only way to increase the total volume in a proof-of-work system is
through mining. In proof-of-work Ethereum, the only mode of issuance was via
mining. Unlike gold or precious metals however, Ethereum mining was also the
way to secure the network by creating, verifying, publishing and propagating
blocks in the blockchain.

Mining ether = Securing the Network

Mining is the lifeblood of any proof-of-work blockchain. Ethereum miners -
computers running software - used their time and computation power to process
transactions and produce blocks prior to the transition to proof-of-stake.

## Why do miners exist?

In decentralized systems like Ethereum, we need to ensure that everyone agrees
on the order of transactions. Miners helped this happen by solving
computationally difficult puzzles to produce blocks, securing the network from
attacks.

[More on proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

Anyone was previously able to mine on the Ethereum network using their
computer. However, not everyone could mine ether (ETH) profitably. In most
cases, miners had to purchase dedicated computer hardware, and have access to
inexpensive energy sources. The average computer was unlikely to earn enough
block rewards to cover the associated costs of mining.

### Cost of mining

  * Potential costs of the hardware necessary to build and maintain a mining rig
  * Electrical cost of powering the mining rig
  * If you were mining in a pool, these pools typically charged a flat % fee of each block generated by the pool
  * Potential cost of equipment to support mining rig (ventilation, energy monitoring, electrical wiring, etc.)

To further explore mining profitability, use a mining calculator, such as the
one [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/ether-mining-
calculator) provides.

## How Ethereum transactions were mined

The following provides an overview of how transactions were mined in Ethereum
proof-of-work. An analogous description of this process for Ethereum proof-of-
stake can be found [here](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/#transaction-execution-ethereum-pos).

  1. A user writes and signs a [transaction](/en/developers/docs/transactions/) request with the private key of some [account](/en/developers/docs/accounts/).
  2. The user broadcasts the transaction request to the entire Ethereum network from some [node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).
  3. Upon hearing about the new transaction request, each node in the Ethereum network adds the request to their local mempool, a list of all transaction requests they’ve heard about that have not yet been committed to the blockchain in a block.
  4. At some point, a mining node aggregates several dozen or hundred transaction requests into a potential [block](/en/developers/docs/blocks/), in a way that maximizes the [transaction fees](/en/developers/docs/gas/) they earn while still staying under the block gas limit. The mining node then:
    1. Verifies the validity of each transaction request (i.e. no one is trying to transfer ether out of an account they haven’t produced a signature for, the request is not malformed, etc.), and then executes the code of the request, altering the state of their local copy of the EVM. The miner awards the transaction fee for each such transaction request to their own account.
    2. Begins the process of producing the proof-of-work “certificate of legitimacy” for the potential block, once all transaction requests in the block have been verified and executed on the local EVM copy.
  5. Eventually, a miner will finish producing a certificate for a block which includes our specific transaction request. The miner then broadcasts the completed block, which includes the certificate and a checksum of the claimed new EVM state.
  6. Other nodes hear about the new block. They verify the certificate, execute all transactions on the block themselves (including the transaction originally broadcasted by our user), and verify that the checksum of their new EVM state after the execution of all transactions matches the checksum of the state claimed by the miner’s block. Only then do these nodes append this block to the tail of their blockchain, and accept the new EVM state as the canonical state.
  7. Each node removes all transactions in the new block from their local mempool of unfulfilled transaction requests.
  8. New nodes joining the network download all blocks in sequence, including the block containing our transaction of interest. They initialize a local EVM copy (which starts as a blank-state EVM), and then go through the process of executing every transaction in every block on top of their local EVM copy, verifying state checksums at each block along the way.

Every transaction is mined (included in a new block and propagated for the
first time) once, but executed and verified by every participant in the
process of advancing the canonical EVM state. This highlights one of the
central mantras of blockchain: **Don’t trust, verify**.

## Ommer (uncle) blocks

Block mining on proof-of-work was probabilistic, meaning sometimes two valid
blocks were published simultaneously due to network latency. In this case, the
protocol had to determine the longest (and therefore most "valid") chain while
ensuring fairness towards miners by partially rewarding the unincluded valid
block proposed. This encouraged further decentralization of the network as
smaller miners, who might face greater latency, could still generate returns
via _ommer_ block rewards.

The term "ommer" is the preferred gender-neutral term for the sibling of a
parent block, but this is also sometimes referred to as an "uncle". **Since
Ethereum's move to proof-of-stake, ommer blocks are no longer mined** as only
one proposer is elected in each slot. You can see this change by viewing the
[historical chart(opens in a new
tab)](https://ycharts.com/indicators/ethereum_uncle_rate) of the ommer blocks
mined.

## A visual demo

Watch Austin walk you through mining and the proof-of-work blockchain.

## The mining algorithm

Ethereum Mainnet only ever used one mining algorithm -
['Ethash'](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/). Ethash was the successor to an original R&D algorithm
known as ['Dagger-Hashimoto'](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/).

[More on mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/).

## Related topics

  * [Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)
  * [EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/)
  * [Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What is Ethereum mining?
    * Why do miners exist?
      * Cost of mining
    * How Ethereum transactions were mined
    * Ommer (uncle) blocks
    * A visual demo
    * The mining algorithm
    * Related topics

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Ommer (uncle) block

When a proof-of-work [miner](/en/glossary/#miner) finds a valid
[block](/en/glossary/#block), another miner may have published a competing
block which is added to the tip of the blockchain first. This valid, but
stale, block can be included by newer blocks as _ommers_ and receive a partial
block reward. The term "ommer" is the preferred gender-neutral term for the
sibling of a parent block, but this is also sometimes referred to as an
"uncle". This was common for Ethereum when it was a [proof-of-
work](/en/glossary/#pow) network. Now that Ethereum uses [proof-of-
stake](/en/glossary/#pos), only one block proposer is selected per slot.

