[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2Zyb20tcmljaGFyZC10ZW5nLWJpbmFuY2UtY2VvLXRpZ3Jhbi1nYW1iYXJ5YW4taXMtaW5ub2NlbnQtYW5kLW11c3QtYmUtcmVsZWFzZWQtMzYzNDYxMjkzNDE2NDYyMjA1Nj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2Zyb20tcmljaGFyZC10ZW5nLWJpbmFuY2UtY2VvLXRpZ3Jhbi1nYW1iYXJ5YW4taXMtaW5ub2NlbnQtYW5kLW11c3QtYmUtcmVsZWFzZWQtMzYzNDYxMjkzNDE2NDYyMjA1Nj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# From Richard Teng, Binance CEO: Tigran Gambaryan is Innocent and Must Be
Released

2024-05-07

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240506/ebfe7e8c-aa30-47cf-8709-1868614e9ff3.png)

As you may be aware, one of our beloved colleagues, Tigran Gambaryan,
continues to be held by the government in Nigeria for more than 70 days. There
has been much public commentary on this episode, and I wanted to take this
opportunity to provide the facts so that the global community’s perception may
not be distorted unfairly. I also feel that it’s time to speak out about this
issue on behalf of the global business community. **To invite a company’s mid-
level employees for collaborative policy meetings, only to detain them, has
set a dangerous new precedent for all companies worldwide.  **

I want to start by sharing a bit about Tigran, a person I’ve gotten to know
well, and admire deeply, since I joined Binance. The greatest irony and most
unfortunate fact is that a highly valued global financial crime fighter, who
is professionally recognized by his peers in both the private and public
sectors, has been detained in Nigeria for more than two months for spurious
reasons.

**Tigran has devoted his professional life to fighting financial crimes.**
Tigran’s decade as a federal cop was documented in a book called, _Tracers in
the Dark: The Global Hunt for the Crime Lords of Cryptocurrency_ , and we put
out this [_blog_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/all/statement-regarding-
tigran-gambaryan-2326990525324609917) a few weeks ago to share more about his
illustrious career fighting crime.  

He joined Binance after his time working for the U.S. IRS as a Special Agent
to continue the work he started. He recognized that he could do even more good
working for the largest company in this nascent industry to keep out bad
actors and uphold market integrity.  Anyone who has left public service for a
private organization can tell you that sometimes you can make an even greater
positive impact working for a private company that has an extraordinary scale.

Given this background, Tigran was hired in 2021 to help Binance develop and
build stronger compliance controls, specific to law enforcement cooperation
and stopping financial crime. As the head of Binance’s Financial Crime
Compliance (FCC) team, he has been a strong advocate for Binance to develop
policies and build compliance capabilities that set new industry standards.
**In 2022 and 2023, Tigran’s Financial Crime Compliance team assisted global
law enforcement in freezing and seizing more than $2.2B worth of assets,
including more than $285M in cooperation with United States agencies like the
FBI, DOJ, DEA, and others.**

Finally, it is important to note that Tigran did not go to Nigeria as a
“decision-maker,” nor a “negotiator.” He was merely acting as a functional
expert in financial crime and capacity building in policy discussions.

## Background of the Nigeria Situation

I think it’s important to go back a couple of years to help provide a clearer
picture of our activities in Nigeria. In fact, this story started nearly two
years ago.

### **2022-2023**

In May 2022, Nigeria’s Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) published
regulations for digital assets, bringing cryptocurrency under its purview. The
regulations required crypto exchanges operating in Nigeria to obtain a permit
from the SEC and comply with certain requirements. However, the regulations
failed to articulate some of the key licensing requirements (e.g. application
process, licensing fees, etc.), making it practically impossible to apply for
a license.

**Binance proactively reached out to the SEC on several occasions to seek
practical guidance on the licensing process and offer to engage with the
Nigerian authorities on a consultative basis.  **

For example, in a letter dated 22 June 2022, Binance stated that it ”would
welcome and be grateful for the opportunity to collaborate with the SEC and
other industry players in the blockchain coalition over the coming days to
provide further clarity on the application of the new rules, particularly
around the interaction of these rules vis-à-vis the position taken by the
Central Bank of Nigeria, the fee structure for licensing, and the impact of
the registration on the facilitation of bank accounts in the region.”

**However, Binance never received any response from the SEC. To our knowledge,
no Virtual Asset Service Provider (VASP) has been licensed under the new
regulations to this date.  **

Almost a year later, on 9 June 2023, the SEC published a circular on its
website to warn the Nigerian public against the activities of the Binance
exchange and direct Binance to immediately stop soliciting Nigerian investors.
The circular stated: “Binance Nigeria Limited is neither registered nor
regulated by the Commission and its operations in Nigeria are therefore
illegal… By this circular, Binance Nigeria Limited is hereby directed to
immediately stop soliciting Nigerian investors in any form whatsoever.”

The reference in the circular to ‘Binance Nigeria Limited’ was incorrect.
Binance Nigeria Limited is not affiliated with Binance and was registered by
third parties in violation of the Binance trademark and for arbitrage purposes
if Binance wished to establish a local presence in Nigeria. However, it was
clear that the SEC’s intention was to target the Binance exchange.

Recognizing that the intent was to serve this notice on the authentic Binance
exchange, Binance immediately suspended solicitation activities in Nigeria,
including paid ads, SEO, online and offline events, as well as all targeted
communications to users. Those restrictions are still in place to date.

In the letter we sent the SEC at that time, we reiterated that Binance was
“fully committed to cooperating with the Commission and complying with the
relevant regulations” and requested a meeting with the SEC (noting that a
previous meeting had been requested by Binance but that no response had been
received from the SEC).

**Again, the SEC did not respond.** We’ve continued to engage constructively
with the SEC by providing commentary on their amended regulations as recently
as March 29, 2024.

In August 2023, we decided to engage through Nigeria’s digital assets
industry. We began supporting the Digital Currency Coalition (DCC), an
industry association comprising leading local and foreign digital asset
service providers in Nigeria, promoting regulatory engagement and lobbying for
the introduction of crypto regulations.

In November 2023, we did what we do with law enforcement organizations all
over the world: Binance conducted law enforcement training for the Nigerian
Financial Intelligence Unit (NFIU) and Economic and Financial Crimes
Commission (EFCC). Not only have these efforts helped uplevel cryptocurrency-
related crime-fighting efforts around the world but they serve as a critical
relationship-building tool for Tigran’s team to work more closely with law
enforcement.

In early December 2023, Binance received a letter from the Chairman of the
House Committee on Financial Crimes (HCFC) requesting that we appear at a
public investigative hearing in less than two weeks.

### **2024**

Ultimately, through informal channels, we managed to agree with the Committee
that the hearing should be rescheduled to 10 January 2024, to provide a
realistic timeline to prepare and send a delegation of Binance employees with
expertise on the issues that were important to discuss.

Tigran Gambaryan and several other members of our team traveled to Nigeria to
participate in this and other meetings. **On January 5, Binance employees met
with the NFIU to discuss information sharing as well as continued capacity
building. The agreed next step was for the FIU to share a Memorandum of
Understanding (MoU) setting out proposed terms and conditions for the sharing
of anti-money laundering (AML)-related information**.

On January 8, Binance employees had a face-to-face meeting with three members
of the HCFC and a clerk in Abuja at the House of Representatives building for
a scheduled pre-hearing engagement in private. The meeting was chaired by the
Honourable Peter Akpanke, the Honourable Philip Agbese, and the Honourable
Peter Aniekwe, as well as a clerk.

During the conversation, the Committee highlighted the important nature of the
issues at hand and the lengths to which they were prepared to go to summon
Binance, including issuing arrest warrants against our team and CEO and
preventing our team from leaving the country. While concerning, it was
understood that the HCFC does not in fact have the power to issue arrest
warrants.

The Committee confirmed that the public hearing would proceed on the 10th of
January and that Binance would be afforded an opportunity to respond to any
allegations publicly in the presence of the petitioners, press, and over 30
agencies.

Despite multiple requests, Binance had still not received details of the
allegations, and our employees, therefore, inquired if there was an
opportunity to submit our responses in writing and in the absence of a public
hearing. There were a number of reasons for that, including the sensitivity of
the information and getting the opportunity to see the allegations in full and
prepare a thorough substantive response. The meeting ended with the Chair
confirming they would consider the matter and revert through Binance's local
counsel.

However, as our employees were leaving the venue, they were approached by
unknown persons who suggested to them to make a payment in settlement of the
allegations. Later that day, our local counsel — representing us at that time
— was summoned by the Committee through someone purporting to be their agent,
who relayed the Committee’s terms and instructed our local counsel to advise
us. Counsel reported back that he had been presented with a demand for a
significant payment in cryptocurrency to be paid in secret within 48 hours to
make these issues go away and that our decision was expected by the morning.
Our team grew increasingly concerned about their safety in Nigeria and
immediately departed. We, of course, declined the payment demand via our
counsel, not viewing it to be a legitimate settlement offer, and clarified
that we would engage in settlement negotiations on the following conditions:

  * Binance needs to see the relevant petition and/or the details of all allegations.

  * Any settlement must be official, recorded in writing, and signed by all relevant parties.

  * Any settlement must encompass all relevant agencies and be in full and final settlement of all allegations, including any potential historic tax liabilities, if applicable, with guarantees.

  * While the exact terms of any settlement may have to remain private, there would have to be some public acknowledgment that a resolution has been reached.

  * There should be no public hearing before the Committee.

  * Our contractors and employees are not to be intimidated, harassed, or detained.

Our counsel relayed Binance’s conditions, to which initially objection was
taken. However, we were informed by our counsel that the Committee eventually
agreed to the above.

**Soon after returning from the trip, the NFIU shared the draft MoU, which
scopes out Binance’s undertaking to voluntarily file SARs/STRs, provide
training to Nigerian and other regional law enforcement agencies, and for both
parties to cooperate with each other. We saw this as a positive development in
the effort to cooperate on making crypto safer and free of criminal activity.
**

On February 5, a Binance advisor with deep local connections advised a meeting
with the director of the Office of National Security Advisor (ONSA) who would
become the central gateway for Binance to have its presence in Nigeria. Again,
we saw this as a positive development because rather than dealing with
multiple agencies/departments, we would be able to focus communications
through one very senior and respected pillar of Nigeria’s law enforcement
community.

In early February, our team was communicating with ONSA and EFCC regarding
opportunities for a meeting. In one of these emails, **we explained the
“pivotal role (we play) in global law enforcement efforts. We engage in
partnerships with law enforcement agencies worldwide, undertaking joint
investigations and offering support wherever necessary. Notably, we have
established a strong and productive relationship with our counterparts in
Nigeria, including the EFCC.” **The meeting agenda proposed by Binance
included the following items:

  * Introduction to Binance and our global operations and compliance program.

  * Binance’s current cooperation with the EFCC and NFIU.

  * Overview of the engagement with the SEC, measures taken by Binance in good faith to respect the SEC's directives and ONSA’s assistance with a way forward.

  * A petition before the HCFC and ONSA’s recommendations on engagement.

  * Strategy for enhancing our engagement and strengthening the relationship with ONSA. 

A meeting was scheduled for February 26, 2024, at 2pm at ONSA’s offices in
Abuja, Nigeria. It was confirmed that the following government representatives
would be in attendance: the National Security Advisor; the Chief Executive of
the SEC; and, the Deputy Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN).

**Despite the clear risks, Tigran Gambaryan and Nadeem Anjarwalla (Head of
Binance Africa) received multiple assurances that they would be granted safe
passage for their meetings.  **

### **Concerns over P2P NGN prices**

At around this time, the naira (NGN), the Nigerian currency, was amid a steep
decline, amounting to what some watchers referred to as the [_worst financial
crisis in a generation_](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-68402662).
While many crypto platforms operate in Nigeria — and continue to do so to this
day — Binance was the leading crypto platform operating in Nigeria at the
time, and Nigerian traders were using the P2P product on the Binance platform
to protect themselves against the currency decline. We began hearing concerns
that the P2P NGN prices from merchant advertisements had influenced the
country’s foreign exchange rate.

Binance’s P2P team engaged with the local community. What we learned was that
due to the lack of official reference FX prices in Nigeria, people in Nigeria,
including crypto and non-crypto players, were using the price averages of the
P2P advertisements as a source of FX rate reference.

While the P2P market advertisement price (quotation price) is real-time and
moves along with the market, it is not always a reflection of the actual
traded price. Binance has no role in setting the P2P prices: in fact, P2P
transactions are driven by individuals seeking to engage in direct buying and
selling of particular crypto-to-crypto or fiat-to-crypto pairs. It's
essentially a marketplace for crypto.

The P2P product does not have the same level of usage or the same depth of
market and liquidity as the centralized exchange. Due to lower liquidity and
higher volatility, people may see quotation spikes in the P2P market that do
not necessarily represent real-world asset pricing, and quotations do not even
lead to a trade necessarily. Part of the local community in Nigeria viewed
those spikes as potential price manipulation, and given the wide usage of the
P2P advertisement prices by merchants as FX rate reference, some suggested
that Binance was a factor in the country’s volatile FX rate and currency
depreciations.

**The reality, of course, is that contributing factors of FX rates are complex
and largely driven by macroeconomic policies.** Here are a couple of helpful
links on that topic:

  * [Cato Institute: Nigeria’s Government Is Blaming Binance for Its Own Mismanagement](https://www.cato.org/commentary/nigerias-government-blaming-binance-its-own-mismanagement)

  * [Applied Economics Professor Hanke: Nigerian Government's Crypto Claims Are 'Misguided and Incorrect'](https://thefederalnewswire.com/stories/656686715-applied-economics-professor-hanke-nigerian-government-s-crypto-claims-are-misguided-and-incorrect)

At the same time, our P2P team continued to work on several initiatives
including removing abnormally priced ads, applying restrictions to relevant
users, and separate controls for buy/sell limits. There were also intentions
to add a last-traded price feed so quotation spikes would no longer be viewed
as market prices. Below are a couple of blogs we put out at the time to make
it clear that we are dedicated to providing a market-driven, fraud-free, and
manipulation-free platform for users. The fact remains: we take our
responsibility to protect users very seriously. **To reinforce the point, we
made it clear that if users are behaving in a malicious or manipulative way,
they will be removed from the platform.**

  * [February 20, 2024 blog: Binance’s commitment to P2P users in Nigeria  ](https://www.binance.com/en-NG/blog/all/binances-commitment-to-p2p-users-in-nigeria-8503335838941589724)

  * [February 21, 2024 blog: Securing Trust: Binance Affirms User Funds and Operational Integrity Amid Market Dynamics in Nigeria](https://www.binance.com/en-NG/blog/all/securing-trust-binance-affirms-user-funds-and-operational-integrity-amid-market-dynamics-in-nigeria-8621586436010791625)

### The February 26 meetings

On February 26, Tigran and Nadeem traveled to Nigeria and were present for the
meetings they had scheduled and, as stated above, received multiple assurances
for their safety. In their first meeting, they met with leaders from ONSA, the
office of the President, the Central Bank, NFIU, EFCC, and the SEC.

The tone of the meeting was neutral — neither friendly nor hostile — and it
seemed that overall progress was being made during the two hours or so that
the meeting lasted.

**One of the EFCC leaders, with whom Tigran had built a relationship over the
last several months, took them aside and told them that everything was
progressing well and that Tigran and Nadeem had no need to worry.** The
Binance employees were told that a further meeting would take place shortly
after, this time involving the most senior leaders from ONSA, CBN, SEC, and
the Ministry of Communications, Innovation, and Digital Economy.

After waiting more than two hours, the Binance employees were invited back
into a meeting room albeit with different attendees than the ones announced —
specifically, there were four members of the EFCC.

The leader of the group took on a hostile approach. He said that the issues
involving Binance were of national security and made the following demands:

  * Delist naira from the Binance platform (this was the first time this request was explicitly made by Nigerian authorities to Binance).

  * Provide granular-level detail on all Nigerian users.

  * Provide financial/tax compliance information.

They further explained that, until such time as Binance would fulfill these
requests, Tigran and Nadeem would be their “guests” and be moved for “security
reasons” to a house in a high-security compound. Additionally, they requested
that Tigran and Nadeem hand over their passports.

Following the meeting, Tigran and Nadeem were escorted to their hotel, asked
to pack their belongings, and moved to the secure compound, which was
controlled by ONSA. Their mobile phones were confiscated, and it was made
clear to them that they were not free to leave. Both Nadeem and Tigran had no
control over when and with whom they spoke.

**From this point on, Tigran (a US citizen) and Nadeem (a British-Kenyan
citizen) were under detention. Both the UK High Commission and the US Embassy
were alerted in the overnight hours of the detention of Tigran and Nadeem.**

The next day, Binance's legal counsel sent an email to the leaders of ONSA
asking them to “urgently clarify the legal basis for the detention of [its]
employees” and noting that their respective nation's embassies (U.S. for
Tigran and UK for Nadeem) had been notified. Our note further stated: “We
understand from our employees after conversations with you yesterday your main
concern is the listing of the naira as a tradable asset on the Binance
platform. This is the first time we have been made aware of this concern in
relation to the listing of the naira on our platform.  We are able to delist
the naira from the Binance platform. However, we ask that you guarantee the
immediate release of Tigran and Nadeem and that no restrictions will be placed
on their movements, including their departure from Nigeria.”

The same day, ONSA responded by email, stating that Tigran and Nadeem were
their “guests” and treated with “hospitality.”

We also received confirmation that day that the U.S. and UK governments had
been briefed on the situation and were following up closely.

**The next 24 hours were marked by aggressive behavior towards Tigran and
Nadeem where they were accused personally of holding responsibility for the
state of the naira and the overall economy, and allegations of terrorist
financing and money laundering.  **

On February 28, we removed the naira pairing from our site and shut down the
P2P product for Nigeria on the Binance platform. We advised ONSA of our
actions in an email and requested that Tigran and Nadeem be immediately
provided with “safe passage to the airport.”

No official response from ONSA was received that day.

On this day, the same EFCC leader with whom Tigran had become close over the
past few months broke down emotionally to Tigran. **He apologized and said it
was his wrongdoing as he had given Tigran and Nadeem his word that everything
would be OK, and that the meeting was supposed to be a friendly one.  **

Soon thereafter news of Tigran and Nadeem’s detention broke in global media.
Nearly a month later, on March 23, we learned that Nadeem left unlawful
detention. From that point on, things went from bad to worse for Tigran.

## **Where Are We Today?**

On April 25, during a bail hearing for Tigran Gambaryan, the EFCC’s prosecutor
said to the court, “The 1st defendant [Binance] is operating virtually. The
only thing we have to hold on to is this defendant [Tigran].”

**The message from the Nigerian government is clear: we must detain an
innocent, mid-level employee and a former U.S. federal agent, and place him in
a dangerous prison in order to control Binance.**

Since I assumed the role of CEO of Binance, I have made it a key commitment to
work with global regulators and enforcement agencies to uphold the integrity
of the global financial system.

Over the past two and a half years, Binance has worked hard to restructure our
organization and personnel and upgrade our systems. We have new leadership in
place with deep compliance experience and impressive backgrounds ranging from
top traditional financial institutions and leading tech companies, to law
enforcement and major corporate entities.

Today, the Binance leadership team, including myself, report to a Board of
Directors. The Board is responsible, as corporate steward, to safeguard the
company’s interests as well as make key decisions to ensure the long-term
sustainability and viability of the business. It is through this process that
we have become a stronger, safer, and even more compliant and secure platform
for our users. **We have evolved dramatically as a business.  **

This ordeal has been deeply distressing for Tigran, his family and friends, as
well as the entire Binance community. As mentioned above, to remove any doubt
about suggestions that we had played a role in the country’s currency crisis
and as a good faith gesture, I made the difficult decision earlier this month
to turn off our P2P product on the Binance platform for Nigeria and end the
trading of all naira pairs on the spot exchange product on the Binance
platform. Our hope when we took this drastic step was that our colleagues
would be released and Binance could continue to work with the Nigerian
government to resolve any further concerns. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen.

We continue to do anything and everything we can to support Tigran. This
support is unwavering.** **

**Let Tigran go home to his family, and then Binance will work through the
same process that we have done with Nigeria's law enforcement community
voluntarily more than 600 times in the past**. We will always work to protect
innocent users, and bad actors are not welcome on our platform. We will work
tirelessly with public and private partners to remove them. **Furthermore, we
will continue engagement with Nigeria’s Federal Inland Revenue Service (FIRS)
on resolving potential historic tax liabilities**.

**It remains unclear to me as to why this is not a solution to which the
Nigerian government officials are willing to agree.** The Nigerian government
has extraordinary power to determine the future of Binance and the broader
crypto industry within its borders. At the end of the day, Binance wants to
have a future where we work alongside the Nigerian government to be part of
building a strong economy for the Nigerian people. But this crisis must come
to a resolution quickly, and Tigran must be allowed to go home if we’re going
to move forward.

Binance remains committed to embracing the opportunity that lies with taking
an innovative approach to using digital assets and platforms but we also must
build a future where we are seen, as we see ourselves, as good actors in the
international community.

I'd like to express my deepest gratitude for the many notes of support we have
received from around the world in response to this crisis, and I hope that my
next update is one where our employees are safe at home with their families.

Richard Teng, Binance CEO.

195,015,996 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

From Richard Teng, Binance CEO: Tigran Gambaryan is Innocent and Must Be
Released

Background of the Nigeria Situation

Where Are We Today?

195,015,996 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

