Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='785'%20width='2881'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![bg for header](/static/e63ead2ba0901c1bfe878ada1dfa53a0/65f89/bg.png)![bg
for header](/static/e63ead2ba0901c1bfe878ada1dfa53a0/65f89/bg.png)

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='624'%20width='750'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![bg for header](/static/e77861cb70cafd5787c92fec71656cc6/b6dd6/bg2.png)![bg
for header](/static/e77861cb70cafd5787c92fec71656cc6/b6dd6/bg2.png)

Product

Managed Nodes

—Node as a Service

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='501.00000000000006'%20width='1281'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Product
photo](/static/8f3e3f7bd421f52136c9ec5dbe335391/9d90e/full.png)![Product
photo](/static/8f3e3f7bd421f52136c9ec5dbe335391/9d90e/full.png)

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='201'%20width='344'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Product
photo](/static/20f6261281d5c33b6dc8745d4f2a10e4/d9f4f/mobile.png)![Product
photo](/static/20f6261281d5c33b6dc8745d4f2a10e4/d9f4f/mobile.png)

Your Node Our Tech  
Powerful Blockchain Infrastructure

Elevate your blockchain network with powerful dedicated nodes from Luganodes.
We provide globally distributed node services designed for stability, scale,
and speed.

![icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Fully managed

![icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Globally distributed

![icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

99.9% uptime

![icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Automatic deployment

Select Your Node as a Service

Luganodes offers institutional-grade white label staking node services to
allow any level of customization for staking across multiple blockchains.

Our white label staking service empowers users with a fully managed and secure
staking experience, backed by state-of-the-art infrastructure, appropriate
failover practices, and dedicated SRE teams.

Brand our nodes as your own and deploy without the hassle of managing your own
infrastructure. Enjoy seamless staking integration with our full suite of
staking services, including the Luganodes Terminal to monitor staking
operations in real-time and easily manage the staking rewards.

Suitable for financial institutions, venture capital, exchanges, and banks.

[Start staking](https://terminal.luganodes.com/login/)

AAA Rated Node Services

![image](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Dedicated Node Solutions

Luganodes proudly offers users with their own dedicated validator or RPC
nodes. This guarantees that users have full unparalleled control over their
staking or blockchain application operations, maximising returns at any point
in time.

![image](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Robust Node Infrastructure

Luganodes runs bare metal servers which are geographically distributed around
the world to ensure high availability and minimise the risk of downtime or
security breaches.

![image](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Highest Standard Security

Our dedicated validator or RPC nodes are located at Tier IV data centres with
security and reliability marked the highest standard across global data
centres.

![image](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Automatic Failover Practice

We adopt appropriate failover practices to ensure nodes are always running
smoothly. Our redundancy system is designed to automatically route traffic to
another node in the event of an issue with one node, with no disruption to the
existing operation.

![image](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Dedicated SRE team

Our dedicated SRE team monitors nodes and reacts to any issues quickly. We use
Grafana, Prometheus, and in-house tools to monitor nodes to ensure nodes
maintain high uptime.

![image](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNTYiIGhlaWdodD0iNTYiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCA1NiA1NiIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHJlY3QgeD0iNCIgeT0iNCIgd2lkdGg9IjQ4IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjQ4IiByeD0iMjQiIGZpbGw9IiNGM0I0QjQiLz4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTE4LjY4NjcgMzEuNjQ1MUwyMC41OTQ5IDMwLjU0MzVDMjAuNjk4MyAzMC40ODM5IDIwLjgxOTYgMzAuNDYzMSAyMC45MzY5IDMwLjQ4NTFMMjQuNjkxNCAzMS4xODc4QzI1IDMxLjI0NTUgMjUuMjg0OCAzMS4wMDggMjUuMjgzNCAzMC42OTQxTDI1LjI2ODggMjcuNDA0NUMyNS4yNjg0IDI3LjMxNTEgMjUuMjkxOSAyNy4yMjcyIDI1LjMzNyAyNy4xNUwyNy4yMzE3IDIzLjkwNjJDMjcuMzMwMyAyMy43Mzc0IDI3LjMyMTUgMjMuNTI2NiAyNy4yMDkxIDIzLjM2NjZMMjQuMDE4OSAxOC44MjU3TTM1LjAwMDIgMjAuODU5MUMyOS41MDAyIDIzLjUgMzIuNSAyNyAzMy41MDAyIDI3LjVDMzUuMzc3MyAyOC40Mzg0IDM3Ljk4NzYgMjguNSAzNy45ODc2IDI4LjVDMzcuOTk1OCAyOC4zMzQ0IDM4IDI4LjE2NzcgMzggMjhDMzggMjIuNDc3MiAzMy41MjI4IDE4IDI4IDE4QzIyLjQ3NzIgMTggMTggMjIuNDc3MiAxOCAyOEMxOCAzMy41MjI4IDIyLjQ3NzIgMzggMjggMzhDMjguMTY3NyAzOCAyOC4zMzQ0IDM3Ljk5NTkgMjguNSAzNy45ODc3IiBzdHJva2U9IiM5MTE3MzgiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMiIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIi8+CjxwYXRoIGZpbGwtcnVsZT0iZXZlbm9kZCIgY2xpcC1ydWxlPSJldmVub2RkIiBkPSJNMzMuMDk4OSAzMS40ODQyQzMyLjIwNTEgMzAuNDI3MyAzMC43MDY0IDMwLjEzNiAyOS41NzM3IDMxLjA5MjlDMjguNDQxMSAzMi4wNDk4IDI4LjI3MzQgMzMuNjU5MiAyOS4xNTIzIDM0LjgwMzNDMjkuNjk1NSAzNS41MTAzIDMxLjA1OTUgMzYuODAyNCAzMi4wMjIzIDM3LjY4NjNDMzIuMzc4IDM4LjAxMjkgMzIuNTU1OSAzOC4xNzYyIDMyLjc3MDYgMzguMjQyN0MzMi45NTQ4IDM4LjI5OTcgMzMuMTY3IDM4LjMwMDkgMzMuMzUxOCAzOC4yNDU5QzMzLjU2NzMgMzguMTgxOCAzMy43NDY5IDM4LjAyMDUgMzQuMTA2MyAzNy42OTc5QzM1LjA3ODkgMzYuODI0OCAzNi40NTcyIDM1LjU0ODEgMzcuMDA4MiAzNC44NDcxQzM3Ljg5OTggMzMuNzEyOSAzNy43Njk1IDMyLjA5MTcgMzYuNjI4MiAzMS4xMzIyQzM1LjQ4NjkgMzAuMTcyOCAzNC4wMDQ1IDMwLjQzNzQgMzMuMDk4OSAzMS40ODQyWiIgc3Ryb2tlPSIjOTExNzM4IiBzdHJva2Utd2lkdGg9IjIiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lY2FwPSJyb3VuZCIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVqb2luPSJyb3VuZCIvPgo8cmVjdCB4PSI0IiB5PSI0IiB3aWR0aD0iNDgiIGhlaWdodD0iNDgiIHJ4PSIyNCIgc3Ryb2tlPSIjRkFFMEUwIiBzdHJva2Utd2lkdGg9IjgiLz4KPC9zdmc+Cg==)

Carbon Neutral Staking

Luganodes pursues proactive engagement with external counsels on local
regulations to ensure our staking services always follow compliance rules and
be responsible to the environment.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='385'%20width='538'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/9626ad31c607bff85a94779898c7ef73/42cb6/linepattern2.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/9626ad31c607bff85a94779898c7ef73/42cb6/linepattern2.svg)

Subscribe to get our latest updates!New products & networks supported, staking
research, blog updates, and exclusive offers directly in your inbox.

Your Email

Staker Type

Type of Staker

By subscribing, I accept the [privacy policy](/privacypolicy).Subscribe

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

