[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

### Terms of Use

TERMS OF SERVICE

Last Revised on 05 Mar, 2024

Welcome to the Terms of Service (these “Terms”) for the wormhole.com and
wormhole.foundation websites (collectively, the “Websites”), in each case,
operated by or on behalf of Wormhole Foundation and its affiliates
(“Organization”, “we” or “us”). The Websites and any content, tools,
documentation, features and functionality offered on or through the Websites
are collectively referred to as the “Services”.  
These Terms govern your access to and use of the Services. Please read these
Terms carefully, as they include important information about your legal
rights. By accessing and/or using the Services, you are agreeing to these
Terms. If you do not understand or agree to these Terms, please do not use the
Services.

For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the
Services. If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other entity then
“you” includes you and that entity, and you represent and warrant that (a) you
are an authorized representative of the entity with the authority to bind the
entity to these Terms, and (b) you agree to these Terms on the entity’s
behalf.

SECTION 7 CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. BY AGREEING
TO THESE TERMS, YOU AGREE (A) TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION)
RELATED TO THE ORGANIZATION’S SERVICES AND/OR PRODUCTS THROUGH BINDING
INDIVIDUAL ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE
DISPUTES DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND (B) TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO
PARTICIPATE IN CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS,
AS SET FORTH BELOW. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE
AND THE CLASS ACTION WAIVER AS EXPLAINED IN SECTION 7.

Table of Contents

  1. Who May Use the Services
  2. Rights We Grant You
  3. Ownership
  4. Third Party Services and Materials
  5. Location of Our Privacy Policy
  6. Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification
  7. ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER
  8. Additional Provisions

1.Who May Use the Services

1.1 Eligibility. You must be 18 years of age or older and not be a Prohibited
Person to use the Services. A “Prohibited Person” is any person or entity that
is (a) listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties,
including the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially Designated
Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity
List, (b) located or organized in any U.S. embargoed countries or any country
that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting”,
or (c) owned or controlled by such persons or entities listed in (a)-(b). You
acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for complying with all
applicable laws of the jurisdiction you are located or accessing the Services
from in connection with your use of the Services. By using the Services, you
represent and warrant that you meet these requirements and will not be using
the Services for any illegal activity or to engage in the prohibited
activities in Section 3.2.

2.Rights We Grant You

2.1. The Wormhole protocol is an open-source message passing protocol that
enables communication between blockchains (the “Protocol”). The Protocol,
including the Protocol bridging smart contracts that govern how you bridge
digital assets, are not part of the Services. Certain elements of the Protocol
are made publicly available under an open-source license (e.g., at
<https://github.com/wormhole-foundation>), and these Terms do not override or
supersede the terms of those licenses.

2.2. Documentation. The Services may display, include or make available
documentation, blog posts and other descriptions or materials provided related
to the Protocol (as defined below) (collectively, “Documentation”). The
Documentation is part of the Services.

2.3. Right to Use Services. We hereby permit you to use the Services for your
internal use only, provided that you comply with these Terms in connection
with all such use. If any software, content or other materials owned or
controlled by us are distributed to you as part of your use of the Services
(such as the Documentation), we hereby grant you a personal, non-assignable,
non-sublicensable, non-transferrable, and non-exclusive right and license to
download, access and display such software, content and materials provided to
you as part of the Services, in each case for the sole purpose of enabling you
to use the Services as permitted by these Terms. Your access and use of the
Services may be interrupted from time to time for any of several reasons,
including, without limitation, the malfunction of equipment, periodic
updating, maintenance or repair of the Service or other actions that
Organization, in its sole discretion, may elect to take.

2.4. Restrictions On Your Use of the Services. You may not do any of the
following in connection with your use of the Services, unless applicable laws
or regulations prohibit these restrictions or you have our written permission
to do so:  
a) download, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce,
duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale
any information contained on, or obtained from or through, the Services,
except for temporary files that are automatically cached by your web browser
for display purposes, or as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms;  
b) use, reproduce or remove any copyright, trademark, service mark, trade
name, slogan, logo, image, or other proprietary notation displayed on or
through the Services;  
c) use automation software (bots), hacks, modifications (mods) or any other
unauthorized third-party software designed to modify the Services;  
d) access or use the Services in any manner that could disable, overburden,
damage, disrupt or impair the Services or interfere with any other party’s
access to or use of the Services or use any device, software or routine that
causes the same;  
e) circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any technological
measure or content protections of the Services or the computer systems,
wallets, accounts, protocols or networks connected to the Services;  
f) use any robot, spider, crawlers or other automatic device, process,
software or queries that intercepts, “mines,” scrapes or otherwise accesses
the Services to monitor, extract, copy or collect information or data from or
through the Services, or engage in any manual process to do the same;  
g) introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other materials
that are malicious or technologically harmful into our systems;  
h) submit, transmit, display, perform, post or store any content that is
inaccurate, unlawful, or otherwise objectionable;  
i) violate any applicable law or regulation in connection with your access to
or use of the Services; or  
j) access or use the Services in any way not expressly permitted by these
Terms.

3.Ownership

3.1. Ownership of the Services. The Services, including their “look and feel”
(e.g., text, graphics, images, logos), proprietary content, information and
other materials, are protected under copyright, trademark and other
intellectual property laws. You agree that the Organization and/or its
licensors own all right, title and interest in and to the Services (including
any and all intellectual property rights therein) and you agree not to take
any action(s) inconsistent with such ownership interests. We and our licensors
reserve all rights in connection with the Services and its content, including,
without limitation, the exclusive right to create derivative works.

3.2. Ownership of Feedback. We welcome feedback, bug reports, comments and
suggestions for improvements to the Services (“Feedback”). You acknowledge and
expressly agree that any contribution of Feedback does not and will not give
or grant you any right, title or interest in the Services or in any such
Feedback. All Feedback becomes the sole and exclusive property of the
Organization, and the Organization may use and disclose Feedback in any manner
and for any purpose whatsoever without further notice or compensation to you
and without retention by you of any proprietary or other right or claim. You
hereby assign to the Organization any and all right, title and interest
(including, but not limited to, any patent, copyright, trade secret,
trademark, show-how, know-how, moral rights and any and all other intellectual
property right) that you may have in and to any and all Feedback.

4.Third Party Services and Materials

4.1. Third Party Services and Materials. The Services may display, include or
make available services, content, data, information, applications or materials
from third parties (“Third-Party Services and Materials”) or provide links to
certain third party websites. The Organization does not endorse any Third-
Party Services and Materials. You agree that your access and use of such
Third-Party Services and Materials is governed solely by the terms and
conditions of such Third-Party Services and Materials, as applicable. The
Organization is not responsible or liable for, and makes no representations as
to any aspect of such Third-Party Services and Materials, including, without
limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage
or process data or any interaction between you and the provider of such Third-
Party Services and Materials. The Organization is not responsible for
examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, availability,
timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any
other aspect of such Third-Party Services and Materials or websites. You
irrevocably waive any claim against the Organization with respect to such
Third-Party Services and Materials. We are not liable for any damage or loss
caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your enablement,
access or use of any such Third-Party Services and Materials, or your reliance
on the privacy practices, data security processes or other policies of such
Third-Party Services and Materials. Third-Party Services and Materials and
links to other websites are provided solely as a convenience to you.

5.Location of Our Privacy Policy

5.1. Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy describes how we handle the
information you provide to us when you use the Services. For an explanation of
our privacy practices, please visit our Privacy Policy.

6.Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

6.1. Disclaimers.  
a) We do not control all activity and data on the Protocol itself, nor do we
take possession, custody, or control over any digital assets on the Protocol.
You acknowledge and agree that we make no representations and warranties with
respect to the Protocol. While we attempt to be as accurate as we can in our
Documentation, we do not warrant that the Documentation is accurate, complete,
reliable, current, or error-free.  
b) Your access to and use of the Services (including, for clarity, the
Documentation) and the Protocol is entirely at your own risk. You understand
and agree that the Services are provided to you on an “AS IS” and “AS
AVAILABLE” basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum extent
permitted under applicable law, the Organization, its parents, affiliates,
related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
partners and licensors (the “Organization Entities”) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES
AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES RELATING TO TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, USAGE, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, SUITABILITY
OR FITNESS OF THE SERVICES AND THE PROTOCOL FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AS
TO THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, SEQUENCE, RELIABILITY, WORKMANSHIP OR TECHNICAL
CODING THEREOF, OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY DEFECTS THEREIN WHETHER LATENT OR
PATENT. The Organization Entities make no warranty or representation and
disclaim all responsibility and liability for: (a) the completeness, accuracy,
availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services (including
the Documentation) and the Protocol; (b) any harm to your computer system,
loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the
Services or the Protocol; (c) the operation or compatibility with any other
application or any particular system or device; (d) whether the Services or
the Protocol will meet your requirements or be available on an uninterrupted,
secure or error-free basis; and (e) whether the Services or the Protocol will
protect your assets from theft, hacking, cyber attack, or other form of loss
caused by third party conduct. Nothing contained in the Services constitutes,
or is meant to constitute, financial, legal or other professional advice of
any kind. If you require advice in relation to any financial, legal or other
professional matter you should consult an appropriate professional. No advice
or information, whether oral or written, obtained from the Organization
Entities or through the Services, will create any warranty or representation
not expressly made herein.  
c) THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, DO
NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF
CERTAIN DAMAGES AS SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.2 BELOW. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU,
SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE DISCLAIMERS, EXCLUSIONS, OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY
TO YOU, AND YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.  
d) THE ORGANIZATION ENTITIES TAKE NO RESPONSIBILITY AND ASSUME NO LIABILITY
FOR ANY CONTENT THAT YOU, ANOTHER USER, OR A THIRD PARTY CREATES, UPLOADS,
POSTS, SENDS, RECEIVES, OR STORES ON OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES.  
e) YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOU MAY BE EXPOSED TO CONTENT THAT MIGHT BE
OFFENSIVE, ILLEGAL, MISLEADING, OR OTHERWISE INAPPROPRIATE, NONE OF WHICH THE
ORGANIZATION ENTITIES WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR.

6.2. Limitations of Liability. TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE
THAT IN NO EVENT WILL THE ORGANIZATION ENTITIES BE LIABLE (A) FOR DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND, INCLUDING INDIRECT SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR
PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY
OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO
USE THE SERVICES), HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER
UNDER THESE TERMS OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SERVICES OR THESE TERMS AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) EVEN IF THE ORGANIZATION ENTITIES HAVE
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, OR (B) FOR ANY OTHER CLAIM,
DEMAND OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THESE TERMS OR THE DELIVERY, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SERVICES. THE
ORGANIZATION ENTITIES’ TOTAL LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES FINALLY AWARDED
SHALL NOT EXCEED THE GREATER OF ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00), OR THE AMOUNT
YOU PAID THE ORGANIZATION ENTITIES, IF ANY, IN THE PAST SIX (6) MONTHS FOR THE
SERVICES (OR OFFERINGS PURCHASED ON THE SERVICES) GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.
THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF THE ABOVE STATED REMEDY FAILS OF
ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

6.3. Acknowledgement; Assumption of Risks.  
a) By using the Services, you represent that you have sufficient knowledge and
experience in business and financial matters, including a sufficient
understanding of blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and other digital
assets, storage mechanisms, and blockchain-based software systems to be able
to assess and evaluate the risks and benefits of the Services contemplated
hereunder, and will bear the risks thereof, including loss of all amounts
paid, and the risk that the cryptocurrencies and other digital assets may have
little or no value. You acknowledge and agree that there are risks associated
with purchasing and holding cryptocurrency and using blockchain technology.
These include, but are not limited to, risk of losing access to cryptocurrency
due to slashing, loss of private key(s), custodial error or purchaser error,
risk of mining or blockchain attacks, risk of hacking and security weaknesses,
risk of unfavorable regulatory intervention in one or more jurisdictions, risk
related to token taxation, risk of personal information disclosure, risk of
uninsured losses, volatility risks, and unanticipated risks.  
b) Smart contracts execute automatically when certain conditions are met. We
do not have the ability to reverse a transaction that is recorded on a public
blockchain. You are responsible for ensuring that any details entered you
enter in connection with a transaction using any smart contracts are accurate
and complete. Further, since smart contracts typically cannot be stopped or
reversed, vulnerabilities in their programming and design or other
vulnerabilities that may arise due to hacking or other security incidents can
have adverse effects to digital assets, including but not limited to
significant volatility and risk of loss.  
c) You acknowledge that there are inherent risks associated with using or
interacting with public blockchains and blockchain technology. There is no
guarantee that such technology will be unavailable or subject to errors,
hacking or other security risks. Underlying blockchain protocols may also be
subject to sudden changes in operating rules, including forks, and it is your
responsibility to make yourself aware of upcoming operating changes.

6.4. Indemnification. By entering into these Terms and accessing or using the
Services, you agree that you shall defend, indemnify and hold the Organization
Entities harmless from and against any and all claims, costs, damages, losses,
liabilities and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs) incurred by the
Organization Entities arising out of or in connection with: (a) your violation
or breach of any term of these Terms or any applicable law or regulation; (b)
your violation of any rights of any third party; (c) your misuse of the
Services; or (d) your negligence or wilful misconduct. If you are obligated to
indemnify any Organization Entity hereunder, then you agree that Organization
(or, at its discretion, the applicable Organization Entity) will have the
right, in its sole discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to
determine whether Organization wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms, and
you agree to fully cooperate with Organization in the defense or settlement of
such claim.  
6.5. Third Party Beneficiaries. You and the Organization acknowledge and agree
that the Organization Entities (other than the Organization) are third party
beneficiaries of these Terms, including under Sections 6 and

7.ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

7.1 PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY – IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR
LEGAL RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A
JURY HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING
ARBITRATION AND A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.

7.2. Informal Process First. You and the Organization agree that in the event
of any dispute between you and the Organization Entities, either party will
first contact the other party and make a good faith sustained effort to
resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution,
including without limitation, any court action, after first allowing the
receiving party 30 days in which to respond. Both you and the Organization
agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent which
must be satisfied before initiating any arbitration against the other party.

7.3. Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver. After the informal dispute
resolution process, any remaining dispute, controversy, or claim
(collectively, “Claim”) relating in any way to the Services and any usage of
the Protocol, will be resolved by arbitration, including threshold questions
of arbitrability of the Claim. You and the Organization agree that any Claim
will be settled by final and binding arbitration, using the English language,
administered by JAMS under its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures
(the “JAMS Rules”) then in effect (those rules are deemed to be incorporated
by reference into this section, and as of the date of these Terms). Because
your contract with the Organization, these Terms, and this Arbitration
Agreement concern interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act (“FAA”)
governs the arbitrability of all disputes. However, the arbitrator will apply
applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the applicable statute
of limitations or condition precedent to suit. Arbitration will be handled by
a sole arbitrator in accordance with the JAMS Rules. Judgment on the
arbitration award may be entered in any court that has jurisdiction. Any
arbitration under these Terms will take place on an individual basis – class
arbitrations and class actions are not permitted. You understand that by
agreeing to these Terms, you and the Organization are each waiving the right
to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or class arbitration.

7.4. Exceptions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and the Organization agree
that the following types of disputes will be resolved in a court of proper
jurisdiction: (i) disputes or claims within the jurisdiction of a small claims
court consistent with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as
long as it is brought and maintained as an individual dispute and not as a
class, representative, or consolidated action or proceeding; (ii) disputes or
claims where the sole form of relief sought is injunctive relief (including
public injunctive relief); or (iii) intellectual property disputes.

7.5. Costs of Arbitration. Payment of all filing, administration, and
arbitrator costs and expenses will be governed by the JAMS Rules, except that
if you demonstrate that any such costs and expenses owed by you under those
rules would be prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding, the
Organization will pay the amount of any such costs and expenses that the
arbitrator determines are necessary to prevent the arbitration from being
prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding (subject to possible
reimbursement as set forth below).  
Fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law. If the
arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought
in the demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by
the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the
payment of all fees will be governed by the JAMS rules. In that case, you
agree to reimburse the Organization for all monies previously disbursed by it
that are otherwise your obligation to pay under the applicable rules. If you
prevail in the arbitration and are awarded an amount that is less than the
last written settlement amount offered by the Organization before the
arbitrator was appointed, the Organization will pay you the amount it offered
in settlement. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the
payment and reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the
proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the
arbitrator’s ruling on the merits.

7.6. Opt-Out**. You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the
arbitration provisions set forth in these Terms by sending written notice of
your decision to opt-out to
[legal@wormhole.foundation](mailto:legal@wormhole.foundation). The notice must
be sent to the Organization within thirty (30) days of your first registering
to use the Services or agreeing to these Terms; otherwise you shall be bound
to arbitrate disputes on a non-class basis in accordance with these Terms. If
you opt out of only the arbitration provisions, and not also the class action
waiver, the class action waiver still applies. You may not opt out of only the
class action waiver and not also the arbitration provisions. If you opt-out of
these arbitration provisions, the Organization also will not be bound by
them.**

7.7. WAIVER OF RIGHT TO BRING CLASS ACTION AND REPRESENTATIVE CLAIMS**.** To
the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you and the Organization each
agree that any proceeding to resolve any dispute, claim, or controversy will
be brought and conducted ONLY IN THE RESPECTIVE PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY
AND NOT AS PART OF ANY CLASS (OR PURPORTED CLASS), CONSOLIDATED, MULTIPLE-
PLAINTIFF, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING (“CLASS ACTION”). You and
the Organization AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR
CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS ACTION. You and the Organization EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY
ABILITY TO MAINTAIN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY FORUM. If the dispute is subject to
arbitration, THE ARBITRATOR WILL NOT HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO COMBINE OR
AGGREGATE CLAIMS, CONDUCT A CLASS ACTION, OR MAKE AN AWARD TO ANY PERSON OR
ENTITY NOT A PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION. Further, you and the Organization agree
that the ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS FOR MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S
CLAIMS, AND IT MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CLASS ACTION. For
the avoidance of doubt, however, you can seek public injunctive relief to the
extent authorized by law and consistent with the Exceptions clause above.

IF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS LIMITED, VOIDED, OR FOUND UNENFORCEABLE, THEN,
UNLESS THE PARTIES MUTUALLY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE PARTIES’ AGREEMENT TO
ARBITRATE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PROCEEDING SO LONG AS
THE PROCEEDING IS PERMITTED TO PROCEED AS A CLASS ACTION. If a court decides
that the limitations of this paragraph are deemed invalid or unenforceable,
any putative class, private attorney general, or consolidated or
representative action must be brought in a court of proper jurisdiction and
not in arbitration.  
Additional Provisions

8.1. Updating These Terms. We may modify these Terms from time to time in
which case we will update the “Last Revised” date at the top of these Terms.
If we make changes that are material, we will use reasonable efforts to
attempt to notify you, such as by e-mail and/or by placing a prominent notice
on the first page of the Websites. However, it is your sole responsibility to
review these Terms from time to time to view any such changes. The updated
Terms will be effective as of the time of posting, or such later date as may
be specified in the updated Terms. Your continued access or use of the
Services after the modifications have become effective will be deemed your
acceptance of the modified Terms. No amendment shall apply to a dispute for
which an arbitration has been initiated prior to the change in Terms.

8.2. Suspension; Termination. If you breach any of the provisions of these
Terms, all licenses granted by the Organization will terminate automatically.
Additionally, the Organization may, in its sole discretion, suspend or
terminate your access to or use of any of the Services, with or without
notice, for any or no reason, including, without limitation, (i) if we
believe, in our sole discretion, you have engaged in any of the prohibited
activities set forth in Section 3.2; (ii) if you provide any incomplete,
incorrect or false information to us; (iii) if you have breached any portion
of these Terms; and/or (iv) if we determine such action is necessary to comply
with these Terms, any of our policies, procedures or practices, or any law
rule or regulation. All sections which by their nature should survive the
termination of these Terms shall continue in full force and effect subsequent
to and notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement by the Organization
or you. Termination will not limit any of the Organization’s other rights or
remedies at law or in equity.

8.3. Injunctive Relief. You agree that a breach of these Terms will cause
irreparable injury to the Organization for which monetary damages would not be
an adequate remedy and the Organization shall be entitled to equitable relief
in addition to any remedies it may have hereunder or at law without a bond,
other security or proof of damages.

8.4. California Residents. If you are a California resident, in accordance
with Cal. Civ. Code § 1789.3, you may report complaints to the Complaint
Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California
Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625 North
Market Blvd., Suite N 112 Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800)
952-5210.

8.5. Export Laws. You agree that you will not export or re-export, directly or
indirectly, the Services and/or other information or materials provided by the
Organization hereunder, to any country for which the United States or any
other relevant jurisdiction requires any export license or other governmental
approval at the time of export without first obtaining such license or
approval. In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be
exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or any country
that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting”
country, or (b) to anyone listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or
restricted parties, including the U.S. Treasury Department’s list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List
or Entity List. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that you are
not located in any such country or on any such list. You are responsible for
and hereby agree to comply at your sole expense with all applicable United
States export laws and regulations.

8.6. Force Majeure. We will not be liable or responsible to you, nor be deemed
to have defaulted under or breached these Terms, for any failure or delay in
fulfilling or performing any of our obligations under these Terms or in
providing the Services, when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused
by or results from any events beyond our ability to control, including acts of
God; flood, fire, earthquake, epidemics, pandemics, tsunami, explosion, war,
invasion, hostilities (whether war is declared or not), terrorist threats or
acts, riot or other civil unrest, government order, law, or action, embargoes
or blockades, strikes, labor stoppages or slowdowns or other industrial
disturbances, shortage of adequate or suitable Internet connectivity,
telecommunication breakdown or shortage of adequate power or electricity, and
other similar events beyond our control.

8.7. Miscellaneous. If any provision of these Terms shall be unlawful, void or
for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable
from these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions. These Terms and the licenses granted hereunder may be
assigned by the Organization but may not be assigned by you without the prior
express written consent of the Organization. No waiver by either party of any
breach or default hereunder shall be deemed to be a waiver of any preceding or
subsequent breach or default. The section headings used herein are for
reference only and shall not be read to have any legal effect. The Services
are operated by us in the United States. Those who choose to access the
Services from locations outside the United States do so at their own
initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws.
These Terms are governed by the laws of the Cayman Islands, without regard to
conflict of laws rules, and the proper venue for any disputes arising out of
or relating to any of the same will be the state and federal courts located in
the Cayman Islands.

8.8. How to Contact Us. You may contact us regarding the Services or these
Terms by e-mail at
[legal@wormhole.foundation](mailto:legal@wormhole.foundation).

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

