[![logo](/_next/static/media/logo_name.0a11c735.svg)](/)

[Own with
Homebase](/own)[Docs](https://docs.homebasedao.io/)[Blog](/blog)[Marketplace](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/)[Login](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/login)

[Sign Up](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/register)

### Blogs

H

#### Not ready yet? Join our mail list!

Stay in the loop with all things Homebase. Sign up when you’re ready.

​

Join Our Mailing List

* * *

![logo](/_next/static/media/logo_stacked.2ce396f9.svg)|
[Homepage](https://homebasedao.io/)| [Blog](https://homebasedao.io/blog)  
---|---|---  
[Own with Homebase](https://homebasedao.io/own)| [Terms of
Service](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-TERMS-OF-
USE-531910d776624a17bd5ffbfcf51f9049)  
[Documentation](https://docs.homebasedao.io/)| [Privacy
Policy](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-PRIVACY-POLICY-
fb9b0f97d89a4d61bb36b9494a5dde33)  
[Marketplace](https://www.app.homebasedao.io/)| [Media
Kit](https://www.notion.so/homebasedao/Media-
Kit-61cca788fcde47c7a7eab87459bca652)  
[![title](/_next/static/media/twitter.01676455.png)](https://twitter.com/HomebaseDAO)[![title](/_next/static/media/discord.6287e4d4.png)](https://discord.gg/qEpCfTyqSY)[![title](/_next/static/media/medium.4af736f7.png)](https://homebasedao.medium.com/)[![title](/_next/static/media/linkedin.c2d915f7.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/homebasedao)  
Have any questions?  
[info@homebasedao.io](mailto:info@homebasedao.io)|
![title](/_next/static/media/housing.1bcb0b9c.svg)  
2023 Homebase. All rights reserved.  
This site is operated by HomebaseDAO, Inc., which is not a registered broker-
dealer or investment advisor. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not give investment
advice, endorsement, analysis or recommendations with respect to any
securities. Nothing on this website should be construed as an offer to sell,
solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation for any security by
HomebaseDAO, Inc. or any third party. You are solely responsible for
determining whether any investment, investment strategy, security, or related
transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment
objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult
with licensed legal professionals and investment advisors for any legal, tax,
insurance or investment advice. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not guarantee any
investment performance, outcome or return of capital for any investment
opportunity posted on this site.  
  
All investments involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. By
accessing this site, investors understand and acknowledge 1) that investing in
real estate, like investing in other fields, is risky and unpredictable; 2)
that the real estate industry has its ups and downs; 3) that the real property
you invest in might not result in a positive cash flow or perform as you
expected; and 4) that the value of any real property you invest in may decline
at any time and the future property value is unpredictable. Before making an
investment decision, prospective investors are advised to review all available
information and consult with their tax and legal advisors. Homebase does not
provide investment advice or recommendations regarding any offering posted on
this website.  
  
Any investment-related information contained herein has been secured from
sources that Homebase believes to be reliable, but we make no representations
or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and
accept no liability therefore. Hyperlinks to third-party sites, or
reproduction of third-party articles, do not constitute an approval or
endorsement by Homebase of the linked or reproduced content.  
  
![logo](\[object Object\])

[Homebase](https://homebasedao.io)

[Own with Homebase](https://homebasedao.io/own)

[Documentation](https://docs.homebasedao.io)

[Marketplace](https://www.app.homebasedao.io)

[Blog](https://homebasedao.io/blog)

[Terms of Service](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-TERMS-OF-
USE-531910d776624a17bd5ffbfcf51f9049)

[Privacy Policy](https://homebasedao.notion.site/HOMEBASEDAO-INC-PRIVACY-
POLICY-fb9b0f97d89a4d61bb36b9494a5dde33)

[Media Kit](https://www.notion.so/homebasedao/Media-
Kit-61cca788fcde47c7a7eab87459bca652)

[![title](/_next/static/media/twitter.01676455.png)](https://twitter.com/HomebaseDAO)[![title](/_next/static/media/discord.6287e4d4.png)](https://discord.gg/qEpCfTyqSY)[![title](/_next/static/media/medium.4af736f7.png)](https://homebasedao.medium.com/)[![title](/_next/static/media/linkedin.c2d915f7.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/homebasedao)

![title](/_next/static/media/housing.1bcb0b9c.svg)

Have any questions?  
[info@homebasedao.io](mailto:info@homebasedao.io)

2022 Homebase. All rights reserved.

This site is operated by HomebaseDAO, Inc., which is not a registered broker-
dealer or investment advisor. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not give investment
advice, endorsement, analysis or recommendations with respect to any
securities. Nothing on this website should be construed as an offer to sell,
solicitation of an offer to buy or a recommendation for any security by
HomebaseDAO, Inc. or any third party. You are solely responsible for
determining whether any investment, investment strategy, security, or related
transaction is appropriate for you based on your personal investment
objectives, financial circumstances and risk tolerance. You should consult
with licensed legal professionals and investment advisors for any legal, tax,
insurance or investment advice. HomebaseDAO, Inc. does not guarantee any
investment performance, outcome or return of capital for any investment
opportunity posted on this site.  
  
All investments involve risk and may result in partial or total loss. By
accessing this site, investors understand and acknowledge 1) that investing in
real estate, like investing in other fields, is risky and unpredictable; 2)
that the real estate industry has its ups and downs; 3) that the real property
you invest in might not result in a positive cash flow or perform as you
expected; and 4) that the value of any real property you invest in may decline
at any time and the future property value is unpredictable. Before making an
investment decision, prospective investors are advised to review all available
information and consult with their tax and legal advisors. Homebase does not
provide investment advice or recommendations regarding any offering posted on
this website.  
  
Any investment-related information contained herein has been secured from
sources that Homebase believes to be reliable, but we make no representations
or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such information and
accept no liability therefore. Hyperlinks to third-party sites, or
reproduction of third-party articles, do not constitute an approval or
endorsement by Homebase of the linked or reproduced content.

