[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D8%AA%D9%83%D8%AF%D9%8A%D8%B3-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D8%B5%D9%88%D9%84-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B4%D9%81%D8%B1%D8%A9)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/staking-de-cryptos)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/krypto-staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%BA%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%BF%D1%82%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8E%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B5-%D0%B7%D0%B0%D0%B9%D0%BC%D1%8B)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/participacion-con-cripto)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/%E6%9A%97%E5%8F%B7%E8%B3%87%E7%94%A3%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EC%95%94%ED%98%B8%ED%99%94%ED%8F%90-%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%ED%82%B9)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/kripto-stake-etmek)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/defi-pt-br/tudo-o-que-voce-precisa-saber-sobre-staking-de-cripto)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D8%AA%D9%83%D8%AF%D9%8A%D8%B3-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D8%B5%D9%88%D9%84-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B4%D9%81%D8%B1%D8%A9)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/staking-de-cryptos)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/krypto-staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%BA%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%BF%D1%82%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8E%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B5-%D0%B7%D0%B0%D0%B9%D0%BC%D1%8B)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/participacion-con-cripto)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/%E6%9A%97%E5%8F%B7%E8%B3%87%E7%94%A3%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EC%95%94%ED%98%B8%ED%99%94%ED%8F%90-%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%ED%82%B9)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/kripto-stake-etmek)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/defi-pt-br/tudo-o-que-voce-precisa-saber-sobre-staking-de-cripto)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * What Is Crypto Staking and How Does It Work?

# What Is Crypto Staking and How Does It Work?

By **Ledger**

Mar 12, 2021 | **Updated Jun 23, 2023**

__Read 5 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fkeep-growing-it%2Fstake-your-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Crypto%20Staking%20and%20How%20Does%20It%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fkeep-growing-it%2Fstake-your-crypto
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fkeep-
growing-it%2Fstake-your-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fkeep-growing-it%2Fstake-your-
crypto&title=What%20Is%20Crypto%20Staking%20and%20How%20Does%20It%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)  
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
—Proof of stake-based blockchains stay running thanks to validator nodes.
However, to become a validator, a network participant must first stake a
significant amount of crypto.  
  
— Validator nodes earn rewards for keeping the network running – but the
technical know-how and amount of crypto required may deter many people from
doing this themselves.  
  
— You can stake directly from your device using the Ledger Ecosystem, allowing
you to retain custody over your keys while doing so.  
  
The underlying technology behind a blockchain directly affects the way in
which the whole system runs, and how it is secured. A [proof-of-
work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-work) (PoW)
blockchain, such as Bitcoin, is secure because the power it takes to complete
a transaction or mine a coin is so great that it protects the network from bad
actors.

However, [proof-of-stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-
proof-of-stake) (PoS) networks don’t use this same method of security.
Instead, they require participants who want to validate transactions to lock
up a significant amount of funds. This is called crypto staking. In return for
this stake, the participant wins a reward.

But why? What are they rewarded for?

Crypto staking is a complex subject, simply due to the different methods of
doing it from system to system, and from purpose to purpose. So, from the
basic mechanics of staking to the key differences between delegating directly
to a validator node to staking indirectly; let’s explain crypto staking, its
advantages and disadvantages, and how you can stake crypto yourself.

But before we get there, let’s attack the basics.

## What Is Crypto Staking?

Crypto staking is when you lock up a certain amount of cryptocurrency in order
to secure a proof of stake blockchain network. Staking gives the user rewards
in the form of cryptocurrency.

Yes, we’re sure you’ve heard about the rewards. But before you commit your
crypto to any of the staking options available to you, it’s important to
understand how it works.

## Proof-of-stake: Explained

A blockchain network relies on participants to create blocks, and in return
these users receive rewards. For blockchains, such as
[Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum) and
[Solana](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-solana), this role
is carried out by validators. Validators are participants in a PoS network
that operate [blockchain nodes](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-
and-why-should-i-operate-one). As opposed to blockchains using a PoW consensus
such as Bitcoin, validators on PoS networks don’t need complex computing
devices. Instead, they must stake their cryptocurrencies to prove their
trustworthiness.

### **Staked Crypto Means Skin in the Game**

The locked-up funds act as collateral, proving the nodes will act with
integrity when verifying transactions. That’s because the network
automatically punishes bad actors by
[slashing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-slashing)
their rewards. Plus, the network favors validators with a higher amount of
staked currency. That’s because the more collateral a node has, the higher the
chance it will act legitimately. Accordingly, the network allows them to
approve more valuable transactions than those who have lower stakes.

### **Validators Earn Rewards**

In return for their efforts, computing power, and resources, the network
rewards a validator in its native cryptocurrency. After all, they are keeping
the network running for its participants. What’s more, they can do all of this
while their staked coins remain in their custody. Staked funds are deposited
in the blockchain’s smart contract. Meaning that although they are committed,
the validator still has custody of the funds.

So to recap: staking rewards are paid to validator nodes on proof-of-stake
blockchains. They give their efforts and computing power to help the
blockchain run. Simple, right?

## What Is Crypto Staking For?

Staking helps crypto holders make passive income from coins and tokens. Plus,
staking rewards work using [compound
interest](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/c/compoundinterest.asp). This
means you earn interest on your staked funds calculated with the previous
reward included.

For example, if you were to stake 100 SOL and receive 1 SOL as your first
reward, your next reward will be calculated from the 101 SOL rather than your
initial amount deposited. The case with compound interest is that the initial
growth may seem slow. However, if you stake crypto for the long term, it could
make a big difference to your portfolio.

## Issues with Accessing Crypto Staking

Bear in mind, not everyone has the option of becoming a validator node since
there are some significant barriers to entry. For example, besides a
substantial minimum investment, you also need technical knowledge and
dedicated hardware that can validate continuously. This means an initial
investment of time and money. Plus a commitment to running a constant power
supply to power your node.

For example, the [Polkadot](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot) (DOT)
network requires validators to operate a system on a high-availability server
to ensure the node stays live most of the time to prevent penalties. If that
weren’t enough, there are other technicalities such as setting up a cloud
server, installing client software, and so on.

Furthermore, becoming a validator means a significant initial staking
investment. Not everyone has this sort of crypto at their disposal. For
example, on the Ethereum network, becoming a validator involves staking 32ETH.

You’re surely wondering, “Well, that doesn’t sound as easy as you promised in
the beginning!”

We know. Not many of us own such huge quantities of cryptocurrencies. Nor can
we afford to operate a system 24×7 with such high processing power or
understand the technicalities of the process. Thankfully, you don’t need to do
any of it. You can participate in the network and get rewarded for it in a few
clicks. Hear us out.

## Staking Without Validating: Is it Possible?

Instead of becoming a blockchain validator node, you can delegate your
cryptocurrencies to one. This allows you the freedom to delegate any small
amount of cryptocurrencies and earn rewards proportional to the number of
tokens you stake. Additionally, you won’t need any equipment, or to keep your
computer running all day long; someone else does the technical parts of the
job for you.

There are two distinct ways to do this and they have key differences in terms
of the rewards you’ll earn, as well as the transparency of the process as a
whole.

### **Non-Custodial Staking – Direct Delegation**

The first option you have is non-custodial, meaning your coins will remain in
your own crypto wallet for the staking period. Certain blockchain networks
enable delegation. This is where holders of the network’s native coin can
contribute their coins to a validator node. The delegator will then earn a
percentage of the rewards accrued by that node. This helps the validator node
by increasing its chances of being selected by the network to perform work.
Meanwhile, the delegator can earn rewards without undertaking the efforts of
becoming a validator.

**Custody**

Non-custodial staking gives you the ability to remain in control of your funds
the whole time. Plus, you can use a hardware wallet, like Ledger Devices, to
keep the private key corresponding to that address safe. This way, your funds
are protected from online hacks.

**Level of Trust**

This type of staking requires you to trust the validator you’re using to do
its work honestly. If the node gets slashed for errant behavior, your rewards
would also decrease. On the plus side,
[validator](https://www.stakingrewards.com/providers/) services tend to give
users a lot of transparency in terms of the percentage of rewards offered,
fees charged, and reputation of the validator node based on previous activity.
So while the responsibility of DYOR falls to you, there’s a lot of
transparency around the validator node, to enable an informed decision about
who you’re delegating to.

**Staking Rewards**

The rewards you earn for delegating your coins to a validator are proportional
to your stake. But you’ll also pay a small commission to the validator, as a
service fee for the efforts of maintaining the node, etc. Fees vary
significantly depending on the validator and the protocol. But these are
clearly stated at the outset, enabling you to understand the yield before
bonding your coins.

### **Custodial Staking on Centralized Exchanges**

Custodial staking is when a third party – a custodian such as a centralized
exchange or staking provider – stakes coins on your behalf. Similar to how
real-world banks rehypothecate their clients’ funds to make extra income for
the bank, centralized crypto exchanges also offer crypto staking services. By
doing this, these services can combine assets from thousands of users and run
a high volume of validator nodes. But for you, this system also has
significant consequences in terms of control, trust, and rewards.

**Custody**

Using a custodial exchange means you’ll also forfeit control of your coins.
Basically, you’re depositing your crypto into a third-party wallet. Remember:
[not your keys, not your coins](https://www.ledger.com/academy/not-your-keys-
not-your-coins-why-it-matters). This means you won’t be able to control which
validator node your coins are staked with or remove your coins before the end
of the agreed period. Plus, if the exchange wants to, it can remove your
staking rewards and disappear with your funds without warning.

**Level of Trust**

Trust is a big issue when it comes to custodial staking. For a start, you’re
relying on the security of the custodial platform, since you’re entrusting
your crypto to their wallet. Unfortunately, you also don’t get to choose which
validator your coins go to. Again, you’re trusting the platform has your best
interests at heart.

**Staking Rewards**

This option will get you the lowest rewards out of the three. After all,
centralized exchanges and providers will charge fees for providing this
service, reducing the final yield for the end consumer. Here, you will have to
pay a premium for the convenience of a simple procedure. You may never even
know how big a cut the platform is taking from the original staking reward.
However, on the plus side, there is no risk of slashing here – it is borne by
the platform.

## How To Stake Crypto Securely

So now you know that staking crypto is always better via non-custodial
services. Luckily, you can [stake crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
directly with your Ledger device via the Ledger ecosystem, keeping custody of
your assets the entire time.

If you’re looking to stake SOL or ATOM, you can do so directly through the
[Ledger validator node](https://www.ledger.com/validator-nodes). To learn more
about that, check out the full article on [what the Ledger validator node
is](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-validator-node-has-arrived) and how
it works.

However, that’s not your only option for staking in the Ledger Ecosystem. It’s
also possible through Ledger’s staking partners in Ledger Live. So how does
that work exactly?

### How to stake in Ledger Live with Kiln

Ledger’s staking partner [Kiln](https://www.kiln.fi/) has established itself
as a prominent player in the Ethereum ecosystem by operating over 22,000+
validators on the mainnet since the Beacon chain’s inception.To clarify, it is
the first white label staking solution managed completely on-chain.

Inline with Ledger’s ethos, Kiln offers a non-custodial solution, meaning no
one has access to your withdrawal keys. Plus, Kiln’s staking smart contracts
are fully audited, significantly reducing the risk of smart contract exploits.
In fact, alongside other security teams, the Ledger Donjon also takes part in
this audit process, meaning you can rest assured their smart contracts are
extremely secure.

Beyond its impressive capabilities regarding security, Kiln is also accessible
and simple. To clarify, its smart contracts handle all rewards, meaning the
system is fully automated. That’s right—you don’t need to trust third-parties.
Plus, it’s really easy to get started. You only need to make a single transfer
to access the Kiln dashboard and follow your rewards in real-time.

Finally, Kiln offers multiple options for staking your crypto. For example,
its pooled staking feature allows you to stake ETH even when you don’t have
32ETH spare. Plus, it also offers Enterprise-grade staking, including a 99%
rewards guarantee to its customers. To put your mind (and your business) at
ease, Kiln is also SOC2 (Type2) certified; to clarify that means they have
only the highest IT security standards.

Beyond that, Kiln is also an innovator in the crypto staking scene. Firstly,
its approach to [monitoring Ethereum at
scale](https://www.kiln.fi/post/monitoring-ethereum-staking-infrastructure-at-
scale) and its anti-slashing strategies have been endorsed by the Ethereum
Foundation. Not only that, its approach is widely followed in the industry.
Furthermore, Kiln’s on-chain product led them to become the founding
technology provider behind the first institutional liquid staking standard,
Liquid Collective.

## More Crypto Staking In Ledger’s Ecosystem

But it’s not just ETH, and it’s not just Kiln. You can stake many more coins
through  [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-
bit-of-it/ledger-live-the-one-stop-shop-for-your-crypto), including;
[Algorand](https://www.ledger.com/staking-algorand/) (ALGO),
[Tezos](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) (XTZ),
[Tron](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tron) (TRX) and
[Polkadot](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot) (DOT). To do so, install
the cryptocurrency’s corresponding application on your Ledger device. Then go
to the Discover section of Ledger Live, and choose one of Ledger’s staking
partners to start your journey.

Staking enables crypto users to generate passive income from idle crypto. But
it can be done with varying degrees of control, involvement, and eventual
rewards, depending on the option you choose. However you decide to start
staking crypto, self-custody should always be at the forefront of your mind.
Luckily, the Ledger ecosystem can provide you with all of the tools you need
to become a crypto staking expert—without losing the custody of your keys.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/10/Lido-
Banner-5.png)](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/blogbanner)

_Knowledge is power – so keep on learning! If you’re enjoying getting to grips
with crypto and blockchain, check out our School of Block video,_ [What is
DeFi?](https://youtu.be/Auyif74wjzc)

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fkeep-growing-it%2Fstake-your-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Crypto%20Staking%20and%20How%20Does%20It%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fkeep-growing-it%2Fstake-your-crypto
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fkeep-
growing-it%2Fstake-your-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fkeep-growing-it%2Fstake-your-
crypto&title=What%20Is%20Crypto%20Staking%20and%20How%20Does%20It%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Lend Your Crypto ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/lend-your-crypto
"Lend Your Crypto")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-layer-2-base-
blockchain-explained)

[Coinbase Layer 2: Base Blockchain
Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-
layer-2-base-blockchain-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cardano-staking-how-to-stake-ada)

[Cardano Staking: How To Stake ADA](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

[What Is Injective (INJ)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-xtz)

[Tezos Staking: How To Stake
XTZ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-staking-how-to-stake-sol)

[Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol)

__Read

7 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/%D8%AA%D9%83%D8%AF%D9%8A%D8%B3-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D8%B5%D9%88%D9%84-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B4%D9%81%D8%B1%D8%A9)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E5%8A%A0%E5%AF%86%E8%B4%A7%E5%B8%81%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/staking-de-cryptos)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/krypto-staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D0%BA%D1%80%D0%B8%D0%BF%D1%82%D0%BE%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%BB%D1%8E%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B5-%D0%B7%D0%B0%D0%B9%D0%BC%D1%8B)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/participacion-con-cripto)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/%E6%9A%97%E5%8F%B7%E8%B3%87%E7%94%A3%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%EC%95%94%ED%98%B8%ED%99%94%ED%8F%90-%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%ED%82%B9)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/kripto-stake-etmek)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/defi-pt-br/tudo-o-que-voce-precisa-saber-sobre-staking-de-cripto)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

