We are now in Incentivized Beta! Join our
[discord](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN).

[![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flogo%2Fgrass-black-
logo.png&w=3840&q=75)](/)

[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)

[Download Grass](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)[Open
Dashboard](https://app.getgrass.io)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-
network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)

## Terms & Conditions

Grass - Terms and Conditions

Last Modified: April 10, 2024

THE WYND NETWORK ("**WYND**") IS A SUITE OF EXPERIMENTAL BLOCKCHAIN-ASSOCIATED
FUNCTIONALITIES. USING THESE FUNCTIONALITIES (INCLUDING VIA THE GRASS
APPLICATION ("**GRASS**") ON OUR WEBSITE) MAY POSE SIGNIFICANT RISKS TO YOU
AND YOUR ONLINE ASSETS. THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS VERY IMPORTANT INFORMATION
REGARDING THESE RISKS AND YOUR RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS, AS WELL AS CONDITIONS,
LIMITATIONS, AND EXCLUSIONS THAT MIGHT APPLY TO YOU AND YOUR RIGHTS. PLEASE
READ IT CAREFULLY.

BY ACCESSING OR USING WYND, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS DESCRIBED
HEREIN AND ALL TERMS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE.

THESE TERMS REQUIRE THE USE OF ARBITRATION ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS TO RESOLVE
DISPUTES, RATHER THAN JURY TRIALS OR CLASS ACTIONS.

YOU MAY NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR SERVICES IF YOU: (A) DO NOT AGREE TO THESE
TERMS; (B) ARE NOT THE OLDER OF (i) AT LEAST EIGHTEEN (18) YEARS OF AGE; OR
(ii) LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT; OR (C) ARE PROHIBITED FROM
ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE OR ANY OF THIS WEBSITE’S FUNCTIONALITIES BY
THESE TERMS OR BY APPLICABLE LAW.

THE PROTOCOL (AS DEFINED BELOW) IS NOT OFFERED TO PERSONS OR ENTITIES WHO
RESIDE IN, ARE LOCATED IN, ARE INCORPORATED IN, OR HAVE A REGISTERED OFFICE IN
ANY PROHIBITED JURISDICTION, AS DEFINED BELOW (ANY SUCH PERSON OR ENTITY FROM
A RESTRICTED TERRITORY, A "RESTRICTED PERSON"). WE DO NOT MAKE EXCEPTIONS;
THEREFORE, IF YOU ARE A RESTRICTED PERSON, DO NOT ATTEMPT TO USE THE PROTOCOL
OR ANY OF THE SERVICES. USE OF A VIRTUAL PRIVATE NETWORK ("VPN") TO CIRCUMVENT
THE RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH HEREIN IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED.

Acceptance of These Terms of Use

These terms of use are entered into by and between you ("you" or the "User")
and Lower Tribeca Corp., a Bahamas Corporation ("Company", "we", "us","our" or
"Wynd"). The following terms and conditions, together with any documents they
expressly incorporate by reference (collectively, these "Terms of Use" or this
"Agreement"), govern the User’s access to and use of
[https://wyndlabs.ai/](https://www.wyndlabs.ai/) and its sub-pages, including
any content or functionality offered on or through the website-hosted user
Application accessible via [https://app.getgrass.io/](https://app.getgrass.io)
(the"Application", or collectively with other
[https://wyndlabs.ai/](https://www.wyndlabs.ai/) subpages, the "Website").

The User must read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Website
(including the Application). **By using the Website or the Application, the
User accepts and agrees to be bound and abide by these Terms of Use and all
documents incorporated herein by reference.** If the User does not want to
agree to these Terms of Use or any documents that are incorporated herein by
reference, the User must not access the Website or use the Application.

The Website is offered and available to users who are eighteen (18) years of
age or older. By using this Website, the User represents and warrants that the
User is at least the higher of legal age to form a binding contract with the
Company in the User’s applicable jurisdiction or eighteen (18) years of age,
and meets all of the foregoing eligibility requirements. Further, by using the
Website, the User represents and warrants that the User is not a citizen or
resident of, nor is located in, any country where the use of the Website is
illegal or impermissible, whether by rule, statute, regulation, bylaw, court
adjudication or order, protocol, administrative statement, code, decree, or
other directive, requirement or guideline, whether applicable on the Company,
the Website, the Application, the Protocol (as defined herein), or on the User
(or any combination of the foregoing) by an authority with valid and
enforceable jurisdiction ("**Applicable Laws**"). If you do not meet all of
these requirements, you must not access or use the Website.

The Services and Protocol

The Website’s services (the "**Services**") include, without limitation,
providing methods and information to enable those who access the Application
("**Participants**") to participate in a pioneering Decentralized Peer-to-Peer
Internet Networking ("**DEPIN**") ecosystem. The Services empower Participants
to contribute to a decentralized network dedicated to gathering and processing
the data crucial for AI model training, significantly democratizing AI
research and making it universally accessible. In connection with the
Services, Wynd is developing a blockchain based protocol (the "**Protocol**").
The Protocol is designed to provide a transparent and secure framework for
operations, encouraging trust and participation among participants in the
Network.

The Application is not the only method that Participants may interact with,
contribute to, access, or otherwise affect the Protocol. Thus, the Services
(including the Website and the Application) are distinct from the Protocol,
and any of the Protocol’s products or offerings should not be viewed as
products or offerings provided by Wynd or the Website.

**You are expected to be familiar with the Protocol and the risks it
represents (including without limitation the possibility of your Digital
Assets being forfeited according to the Protocol’s encoded parameters or being
lost for any other reason) before accessing it (whether accessed via the
Application or otherwise). YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF OR
INTERACTION WITH THE PROTOCOL IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND WYND WAIVES ALL
LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY, AND MAKES NO WARRANTIES, RELATED TO THE PROTOCOL,
WHETHER OR NOT THE PROTOCOL IS ACCESSED VIA OUR SERVICES.**

Your full engagement with and benefits from the Services offered by Wynd,
including but not limited to the Application, may necessitate the payment of
transactional fees imposed by the underlying blockchain or distributed ledger
technology compatible with the Protocol, or directly by the Protocol itself.
These fees ("**Blockchain Fees**") are intended to facilitate and incentivize
proper utilization within the Protocol’s ecosystem. For instance, Blockchain
Fees may be applied when you redeem rewards, set up a blockchain-compatible
wallet, or transfer distributed rewards into your personal digital asset
wallet.

Please note that these Blockchain Fees are not directly charged by Wynd, but
rather are a result of your interaction with the Services and the governance
rules established by the Protocol and the broader blockchain community. Wynd
does not have any influence over Blockchain Fees, including but not limited to
their imposition, collection, amounts, or their operational execution and
effectiveness, whether they arise from your use of the Services or otherwise.
By using the Services, you agree that Wynd is not liable for any aspect of the
Blockchain Fees, including payment, reimbursement, refund, disbursement,
compensation, or any other related matter.

For additional details on blockchain technology, digital assets, and the risks
involved, please refer to the section titled: **Nature of Blockchain;
Assumption of Risk; Waiver of Claims.**

Accessing the Website and User Security

We reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Website (including the
Application), and any other Services or material we provide on the Website, in
our sole discretion without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason
all or any part of the Website, the Application, the Protocol, or any of the
Services are unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we
may restrict access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, to
Participants.

The User is responsible for both:

  * Making all arrangements necessary for the User to have access to the Website and the Services.
  * Ensuring that all persons who access the Website or the Services through the User’s internet connection are aware of these Terms of Use and comply with them.

To access certain Services or some of the resources offered on the Website,
the User may be asked to provide certain registration details or other
information. Other Services or resources offered on the Website (such as the
Application) may require the User to utilize certain Web3 capabilities, such a
Digital Asset wallet capable of interacting with the User’s web browser or
relevant blockchain nodes ("**Web3 Utilities**"). It is a condition of the
User’s use of the Website and the Services that the User only operate such
Web3 Utilities with a private key(s) that the User created or has the direct,
explicit permission of the party who created the relevant private key(s). The
User agrees that all information it provides to interact with the Website,
Application, Services, or otherwise, including, but not limited to, through
the use of any interactive features on the Website is correct, current, and
complete. The User consents to all actions we take with respect to the User’s
information as is consistent with these Terms of Use and all documents
referenced or incorporated herein.

If the User utilizes a Web3 Utility that relies on a separate username,
password, private key, or any other piece of information as part of its
security procedures, the User must treat such information as confidential, and
the User must not disclose that information to any other person or entity. The
User also acknowledges that any identity linked to its Web3 Utility is
personal to the User and agrees not to provide any other person with access to
such identity. The User also agrees to ensure that it will lock or otherwise
prevent its Web3 Utility from unauthorized use on this Website or the Services
at the end of each session. The User should use particular caution when
accessing the Website or the Services from a public or shared computer so that
others are not able to view or record the User’s username, password, private
key, or other personal information. In the event the User’s Web3 credentials
are compromised, the User acknowledges and understands that all of its related
Digital Assets may be compromised as well, and waives any and all
responsibility of and liability against Wynd related to any losses in any such
event.

Intellectual Property Rights

Except any open-source software or other material incorporated into the
Website or the Services, the Website and its entire contents, features, and
functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text,
displays, images, video, and audio, and the design, selection, and arrangement
thereof) are owned by the Company, its licensors, or other providers of such
material and are protected by international copyright, trademark, patent,
trade secret, and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. The
User must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of,
publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit
any of the material on the Website, except as follows:

  * The User’s computer may temporarily store copies of such materials in RAM incidental to the User’s accessing and viewing those materials.
  * The User may store files that are automatically cached by the User’s web browser for display enhancement purposes.
  * The User may print or download one copy of a reasonable number of pages of the Website for its own personal, non-commercial use and not for further reproduction, publication, or distribution.
  * If we provide desktop, mobile, or other applications for download, the User may download a single copy to its computer or mobile device, provided the User agrees to be bound by any applicable end user license agreement or other similar agreement for such applications.
  * For any open-source materials provided on the Website or through the Services, the User may perform any activities only as is consistent with the open-source license applicable to such materials.

The User must not:

  * Modify copies of any materials from this Website.
  * Use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences, or any graphics separately from the accompanying text.
  * Delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from this Website.

If the User prints, copies, modifies, downloads, or otherwise uses or provides
any other person with access to any part of the Website in breach of these
Terms of Use, the User’s right to access the Website will stop immediately and
the User must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of the materials
the User has made. No right, title, or interest in or to the Website or any
content on the Website is transferred to the User, and all rights not
expressly granted are reserved by Wynd.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Terms of Use, the User may
freely use any open-sourced materials up to the limits provided, but in
accordance with any requirements placed, by those materials’ open-source
licenses.

Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a
breach of these Terms of Use and may violate copyright, trademark, and other
laws.

Trademarks

The terms "Wynd", "Lower Tribeca Corp", "Get.Grass.io" and all related names,
logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of Lower
Tribeca Corp. or its affiliates or licensors. You must not use such marks
without the prior written permission of the Company; provided, however, the
User is hereby granted a limited, revocable, non-transferable permission and
license to use the term "Wynd" and any related names, logos (excluding the
Wynd logo), product and service names, designs, and slogans in any way that
they desire so long as such usage is not done in a way that: (1) is deceitful,
fraudulent, or manipulative; (2) implies any relationship between User and
Wynd beyond that reasonably typical of a website administrator and its users;
or (3) to cause confusion in any way to gain Digital Assets of, or personal
information about, another party other than that intended by the Services, the
Protocol, the Application or any related or interacting functionality (for
example but without limitation, you may not use the foregoing marks to execute
phishing attacks, spear-phishing attacks, social engineering, or in any way
that may cause a party to transmit Digital Assets to an unintended recipient
or to reveal private information, like a private key or password). All other
names, logos, product and service names, designs, and slogans on the Website
and Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.

Prohibited Uses

Users may access and utilize the Services and Protocol exclusively for lawful
purposes, in strict adherence to these Terms of Use. The User commits not to
deploy the Application or any future application developed by the Company in
manners that:

  * Contravene any federal, state, local, or international law or regulation. This encompasses, but is not limited to, regulations concerning data privacy, intellectual property rights, and the export of data or software to and from the United States or other nations.
  * Facilitate, incite, or result in unlawful or unethical manipulation or misuse of data, including but not limited to AI training datasets, violating copyright laws, AI, or IP rights.
  * Exploit, harm, or attempt to exploit or harm minors in any way, such as by exposing them to inappropriate content or soliciting personally identifiable information.
  * Transmit or facilitate the transmission of unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, or any other form of solicitation.
  * Impersonate Wynd, a Wynd user, or any other person or entity, or otherwise conduct fraudulent activities.
  * Engage in any activity that impedes or restricts anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Grass, or which may cause harm to WYND or its users, or expose them to liability.
  * Circumvent, or attempt to circumvent, any geographical restrictions, privacy measures, or other access controls, including the use of VPNs for such purposes.
  * Cause, or potentially cause, damage, disruption, or impairment to the operation of the Grass or DEPIN applications, or engage in any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent, or harmful behavior.
  * Extract data or perform any unauthorized form of data scraping, or interfere with the network or protocol operations in any manner not expressly permitted by Wynd.
  * Restrict or inhibit anyone’s use or enjoyment of the Website or the Services, or which, as determined by us, may harm the platform, other participants, or expose them to liability. This includes access from Burma (Myanmar), Cuba, Iran, Sudan, South Sudan, Syria, the Western Balkans, Belarus, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Iraq, Lebanon, Liberia, Libya, North Korea, the Crimea region, Somalia, Venezuela, Yemen, or Zimbabwe (collectively, "**Prohibited Jurisdictions**"), or if the user is listed as a Specially Designated National by the United States Office of Foreign Asset Control ("**OFAC**").

Furthermore, Users must not:

  * Misrepresent their identity or affiliation with any person or organization.
  * Engage in any behavior that violates applicable laws or regulations, infringes on any person’s legal rights, or promotes any illegal or immoral activities, including without limitation activities related to AI training or Copyright and Intellectual Property violations.
  * Use the network in a manner that could interfere with, disrupt, negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the network, or that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the network.
  * Attempt to bypass any content filtering techniques employed by Wynd or access any services or areas of the network for which they are not authorized.
  * Employ robots, spiders, crawlers, scrapers, or any other automated means or interfaces not provided by Wynd to access the network or extract data.

Monitoring and Enforcement; Termination

The Company reserves the right to:

  * Take any necessary legal action, including but not limited to, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the network.
  * Terminate or suspend access to all or part of the network for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
  * Without limiting the foregoing, the Company reserves the right to cooperate fully with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone using our network. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS WYND FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY WYND DURING, OR AS A CONSEQUENCE OF, INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER WYND OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

We cannot undertake to review all material before it is transmitted on the
network and cannot ensure immediate removal of objectionable material after it
has been sent. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction
regarding transmissions, communications, or content provided by any user or
third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance
or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER

Wynd develops open-source software and does not directly offer, operate, or
administer the Protocol. Our Services are designed to facilitate participants’
engagement with DEPIN applications, assisting in the decentralization of
internet bandwidth and AI data scraping networks. Users are responsible for
their engagement with the Services, including any transactions and the
application of information obtained through our platform. It is the User’s
responsibility to ensure compliance with all applicable laws and regulations
pertaining to their use of the Services, especially those concerning data
privacy, intellectual property rights, and international data transfer laws.

Users must acknowledge that Wynd is not affiliated with, nor has our platform,
services, or the software it contains been reviewed or approved by, any
regulatory authority concerned with data privacy or cybersecurity.

The User understands that Wynd cannot guarantee that files available for
download from the internet or through our Services will be free of viruses or
other destructive code. Users are responsible for implementing adequate
measures to fulfill their specific needs for: (1) ensuring the security and
integrity of their web activities; (2) anti-virus protection and accuracy of
data input and output; (3) engaging with DEPIN applications and related
blockchain technologies; and (4) maintaining external backups to recover any
lost data.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, WYND SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS
OR DAMAGE ARISING FROM DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACKS, MAN-IN-THE-
MIDDLE ATTACKS, VIRUSES, OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICAL HAZARDS THAT MAY INFECT USER’S
COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, SOFTWARE, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL AS A RESULT
OF USING THE WYND NETWORK, ITS SERVICES, OR DOWNLOADING MATERIAL POSTED ON IT,
OR ON ANY LINKED SITES.

THE USE OF THE WYND NETWORK, ITS DEPIN APPLICATIONS, AND ANY RELATED SERVICES
IS SOLELY AT THE USER’S RISK. THE NETWORK AND ITS SERVICES ARE PROVIDED ON AN
"AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

WYND MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY,
RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE NETWORK OR ITS
SERVICES. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT ACCESS TO THE WYND NETWORK WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR FREE FROM ERRORS; THAT THE INFORMATION
PROVIDED WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, OR CURRENT; OR THAT ANY DEFECTS IN THE
SERVICE WILL BE CORRECTED.

NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM WYND OR
THROUGH THE NETWORK, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. WE
DO NOT ENDORSE OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY CONTENT,
ADVERTISEMENTS, OR SERVICES PROVIDED THROUGH THE WYND NETWORK OR ANY LINKED
WEBSITES.

THESE DISCLAIMERS WILL NOT LIMIT OR EXCLUDE ANY WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE
EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL WYND, ITS AFFILIATES,
OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTRIBUTORS, AGENTS, OFFICERS, OR
DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USER’S USE, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE WYND
NETWORK, ITS APPLICATIONS, THE SERVICES, ANY WEBSITES LINKED THROUGH OUR
SERVICES, OR ANY CONTENT ON THE WYND NETWORK OR SUCH OTHER WEBSITES. THIS
INCLUDES ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PERSONAL INJURY, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS,
LOSS OF REVENUE, PROFITS, BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE,
GOODWILL, DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF
CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. THIS DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
EXTENDS TO ANY DAMAGES CAUSED BY ANY THIRD PARTY (INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, THOSE CAUSED BY FRAUD, DECEIT, OR MANIPULATION), OR ANY FAILURE,
EXPLOIT, OR VULNERABILITY OF THE NETWORK, SERVICES, THE DEPIN PROTOCOL, OR THE
UNDERLYING TECHNOLOGIES OR FUNCTIONALITIES. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE COLLECTIVE LIABILITY OF WYND AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES
AND AFFILIATES, AND THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTRIBUTORS, AGENTS,
OFFICERS, AND DIRECTORS, TO ANY PARTY (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE) EXCEED THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE
AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID DIRECTLY TO WYND FOR THE APPLICABLE CONTENT OR SERVICES
IN THE LAST SIX MONTHS OUT OF WHICH LIABILITY AROSE.

THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED
UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

Indemnification

The User agrees to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless WYND, its affiliates,
licensors, and service providers, and its and their respective officers,
directors, contributors, contractors, agents, licensors, suppliers,
successors, and assigns from and against any claims, liabilities, damages,
judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses, or fees (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees) arising out of or relating to: (1) the User’s violation of
these Terms of Use; (2) the User’s use of the Wynd Network, its applications,
or any other services provided by WYND, including, but not limited to, the
User’s interactions with any DEPIN functionalities or reliance on content,
services, and products accessed through the Wynd Network other than as
expressly authorized in these Terms of Use; (3) the User’s reliance on any
information obtained through the Website; or (4) any other party’s access and
use of the Wynd Network or its applications with the User’s assistance or by
using any device or account that the User owns or controls.

Arbitration; Class Arbitration Waiver

Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of, relating to, or in
connection with the User’s use of the Website or the Services, or in
connection with this Agreement, including disputes arising from or concerning
their interpretation, violation, invalidity, non-performance, or termination,
shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration administered in New York, New
York by the International Centre for Dispute Resolution under its applicable
Arbitration Rules. A single arbitrator shall preside, and proceedings shall be
conducted remotely to the maximum extent possible. Each Party shall pay its
own expenses in such arbitration, including its attorneys’ fees, subject to
reapportionment by the arbitrator in a final award. The language of the
arbitration shall be English. The prevailing Party shall be entitled to
recover reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs incurred in such proceeding
in addition to any other relief to which it may be entitled. Any interim or
provisional relief that would be available from a court of law shall be
available in accordance with the rules of ICDR, however, nothing in this
Agreement shall preclude the Parties from obtaining preliminary injunctive
relief in a court of competent jurisdiction located in New York, New York if
necessary to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any
arbitration. The final arbitration award may be confirmed in a state or
federal court located in New York, New York and the Parties agree to waive any
claim of improper venue or forum non conveniens. Except as may be required by
law, neither a party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or
results of any arbitration hereunder without the prior written consent of both
parties. The tribunal shall have the power to rule on any challenge to its own
jurisdiction or to the validity or enforceability of any portion of the
agreement to arbitrate. The parties agree to arbitrate solely on an individual
basis, and that these Terms of Use do not permit class arbitration or any
claims brought as a plaintiff or class member in any class or representative
arbitration proceeding. The arbitral tribunal may not consolidate more than
one person’s claims and may not otherwise preside over any form of a
representative or class proceeding. In the event the prohibition on class
arbitration is deemed invalid or unenforceable, then its remaining portions
will remain in force.

Limitation on Time to File Claims

ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM THE USER MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THESE TERMS OF USE OR A USER’S USE OF THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE
(1) YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES; OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR
CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY BARRED.

Waiver and Severability

No waiver by Wynd of any term or condition set out in these Terms of Use shall
be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a waiver
of any other term or condition, and any failure of Wynd to assert a right or
provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right
or provision.

If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any
reason, such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent
such that the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will continue in full
force and effect.

Entire Agreement

These Terms of Use, the [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy), and any other
document incorporated by reference herein constitute the sole and entire
agreement between the User and Wynd regarding the Website and supersede all
prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations, and
warranties, both written and oral, regarding the Website.

Changes to Terms

We may revise and update these Terms of Use from time to time at our sole
discretion. All changes are effective immediately when we post them and apply
to all access to and use of the Website thereafter. However, any changes to
the dispute resolution provisions set out in the Section entitled Governing
Law & Jurisdiction below will not apply to any disputes for which the parties
have actual notice before the date the change is posted on the Website.

Referral Program

Wynd may implement a referral program where Users can earn rewards by
introducing new Participants to the Services using a customized referral link
provided by Wynd, unique to each User (the "Referral Program"). This Terms of
Use applies to the Referral Program. Attempting to game or manipulate the
referral system may result in the cancellation of earned incentives and
possible exclusion from the Referral Program.

Governing Law and Jurisdiction

All matters relating to the Website and these Terms of Use, and any dispute or
claim arising therefrom or related thereto (in each case, including non-
contractual disputes or claims), shall be governed by and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without giving effect to any
law or rule that would cause the application of another jurisdiction’s law
(whether of the Bahamas or any other jurisdiction).

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms and Conditions, please contact us
at info@wynd.network.

[![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flogo%2Fgrass-primary-
logo.png&w=3840&q=75)](/)

[](https://twitter.com/getgrass_io)[](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN)

[Home](/)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)[Media
Kit](/media-kit)

* * *

All Rights Reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)

