  * [![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-logo.png&w=640&q=75)](/)
  * [Characters](/characters)
  * [Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Community](/community)
  * Menu

# Terms & Conditions

Last updated: 02.11.2023

These terms of use and the documents referenced by these terms of use
(collectively, these “Terms”) constitute a legal agreement between you and
Claynosaurz Inc. (“Claynosaurz”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) that governs your
access to and use of https://claynosaurz.com/ and its related web pages,
including any content, functionality, information, goods, or services
displayed, provided, offered, or ordered by you on or through the website
(collectively, the “Website”).

By using the Website (including, for the avoidance of doubt, to order goods or
services on or through the Website), you (a) acknowledge that you have read,
understand, accept, and agree to be bound by and comply with these Terms, and
(b) represent and warrant that you are at least 14 years of age or otherwise
the legal age of majority under applicable law to form a binding contract and
meet all of the eligibility requirements specified in these Terms. **If you do
not agree to these Terms, you must not use the Website.**

## Overview and modifications

We reserve the right to update, change, or replace any part of these Terms at
any time. Any such modifications are effective immediately upon posting and
apply to your continued use of the Website. You agree to periodically review
these Terms for modifications. Your continued use of the Website following the
posting of any modifications constitutes your acceptance of those
modifications.

The Website may be changed, withdrawn, or terminated at any time in our sole
discretion and without notice. You acknowledge and agree that we will not be
liable if, for any reason, all or any part of the Website is unavailable at
any time or for any period.

The Website is for use only by persons located in Canada. The Website is not
intended for use in any jurisdiction where its use is not permitted. If you
access the Website from outside Canada, you do so at your own risk and you are
responsible for compliance with local laws of your jurisdiction.

## Your use of the website

**GENERAL**

The Website is for your own personal and non-commercial use, and you are
responsible for obtaining your own access to the Website and for any related
expenses. Subject to your ongoing compliance with these Terms, we grant you a
non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, royalty-free, and revocable
license to access and read the Website for personal, non-commercial purposes.

You shall not directly or indirectly reproduce, compile for an internal
database, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display,
publicly perform, republish, download, store, or transmit any of the material
on our Website, in any form or medium whatsoever except your computer and
browser may temporarily store or cache copies of materials being accessed and
viewed.

You are prohibited from attempting to circumvent and from violating the
security of the Website in any way, including, without limitation: (a)
accessing content and data that is not intended for you; (b) attempting to
breach or breaching the security or authentication measures of the Website;
(c) restricting, disrupting, or disabling service to the Website’s users,
hosts, servers, or networks; (d) illicitly reproducing the Website’s TCP/IP
packet header; (e) disrupting network services or otherwise disrupting our
ability to monitor the Website; (f) using any robot, spider, or other
automatic device, process, or means to access the Website for any purpose,
including monitoring or copying the Website; (g) introducing to the Website
any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other material that is
malicious or technologically harmful; (h) attacking the Website via a denial-
of-service attack, distributed denial-of-service attack, flooding,
mailbombing, or crashing; and (i) otherwise attempting to interfere with the
proper working of the Website.

You may link to the Website, provided you do so in a way that is fair and
legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, and for non-
commercial purposes. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest
any form of association, approval, or endorsement on our part where none
exists. The Website must not be framed on any other site. We reserve the right
to withdraw linking permission without notice. You agree to cooperate with us
in causing any unauthorized framing or linking to immediately stop.

We reserve the right at any time to limit or prevent your use of the Website
for any reason, including for any breach of these Terms by you.

**NFT-RELATED FEATURES**

The Website may provide certain features usable in connection with non-
fungible tokens created and sold or otherwise distributed in the first
instance by Claynosaurz (“Clayno NFTs”). These features may require that you
validate your ownership of applicable Clayno NFTs, including by connecting a
Claynosaurz-supported blockchain-based digital wallet to the Website.

Digital wallets are provided by third parties, and not by Claynosaurz. The
ability to link your digital wallet to the Website is not an endorsement by
Claynosaurz of the third-party provider of the digital wallet or any other
attribute related to that third-party or digital wallet and your use of any
such digital wallet is at your own risk. You are solely responsible for
maintaining the security of and access to your digital wallet, and you
acknowledge that Claynosaurz is unable to access or otherwise retrieve Clayno
NFTs from your digital wallet, and your loss of access to your digital wallet
may result in the permanent loss of your Clayno NFTs. Claynosaurz is not
responsible for any such loss and is not under any obligation to replace or
reimburse you for your Clayno NFT.

Please see the section below titled Third-Party Websites for further
information on third-party websites and content.

All intellectual property rights in, to, and relating to Clayno NFTs are
retained by Claynosaurz in accordance with our intellectual property policy
accessible here.

## Online purchases

**APPLICATION**

This section applies to any orders you place for goods or services from the
Website.You must not order or otherwise obtain goods or services from the
Website if you: (a) do not agree to these Terms generally and this section in
particular; (b) are not the age of majority in your province or territory of
residence; or (c) are prohibited from accessing or using the Website by
applicable law.

**ACCEPTANCE OF ORDERS**

You agree that your order constitutes an offer to buy the goods and services
listed in your order. All orders must be accepted by us, and you acknowledge
that we have no obligation to sell the goods or services to you. We may choose
not to accept orders at our sole discretion, even after we send you a
confirmation email with your order number and details of the items you have
ordered. Without limiting the foregoing sentence, we may reject all or a
portion of your order because of the unavailability of the ordered goods,
errors in pricing information, or a product recall for one or more of the
goods you ordered. Shipment and processing of payment for each good in your
order will constitute our acceptance of that portion of your order.

**PRICE AND PAYMENT TERMS**

All prices, discounts, and promotions posted on the Website are subject to
change without notice. The price charged for a good or service will be the
price advertised on the Website at the time the order is placed, subject to
the terms of any promotions or discounts that may be applicable. The price
charged will be clearly stated in your order confirmation email. Price
increases will only apply to orders placed after the time of the increase.
Posted prices do not include taxes or charges for shipping and handling. All
such taxes and charges will be added to your total price and will be itemized
in your shopping cart and in your order confirmation email. We strive to
display accurate price information; however, we may, on occasion, make
inadvertent typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions related to
pricing and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors,
inaccuracies, or omissions at any time and to cancel any orders arising from
such occurrences.

Terms of payment are within our sole discretion and, unless otherwise agreed
by us in writing, payment must be received by us before our acceptance of an
order. We accept approved credit cards and certain other payment methods for
purchases that may be indicated as available to you at the time you make your
order. You acknowledge that we may use third-party payment processor services
on the Website, and that your use of those services may be subject to that
third-party’s terms and conditions. By electing to pay by credit card, you
represent and warrant that (a) the credit card information you supply to us is
true, correct, and complete, (b) you are duly authorized to use that credit
card for the purchase, (c) charges incurred by you will be honoured by your
credit card company, and (d) you will pay charges incurred by you at the
posted prices, including shipping and handling charges and all applicable
local taxes, if any, regardless of the amount quoted on the Website at the
time of your order.

By placing an order for goods on the Website, and specifically by confirming
your order at the conclusion of the check-out process, you agree to pay us the
total amount set out at the time you confirm your order. All prices quoted on
the Website, including the prices for goods and shipping, are in Canadian
dollars unless otherwise explicitly stated. Your provided method of payment
will be charged for your order or for each good in your order as each portion
of your order is accepted by us and shipped. You are required to pay for all
goods shipped to you by us, even where such good is shipped to you in error,
unless you return such good to us in accordance with these Terms. We reserve
the right to charge interest on any amounts owed but not paid by you when due
at the lower of 1.5% or the maximum rate permitted by law.

**SHIPPING**

We will arrange for shipment of your ordered goods to you. Please check the
individual product page for specific delivery options. You will pay all
shipping and handling charges unless otherwise specified in the order
confirmation. Title and risk of loss pass to you upon our transfer of the
goods to the carrier. You acknowledge that your recourse in the event your
shipment is lost or damaged is against the carrier, who may or may not accept
liability, and that we are not responsible for goods you order once provided
to the applicable carrier and are not responsible for ensuring at any time
that you receive any coverage for lost or damaged shipments. Shipping and
delivery dates are estimates only and cannot be guaranteed. We are not liable
for any delays in shipments.

We may use third-party carriers to ship and deliver the goods you order, and
we are not responsible for any loss or damage to any such goods after we have
delivered the goods to a third-party carrier. Goods you order may be shipped
in one or multiple packages. Shipping costs provided to you during the check-
out process are estimates only and are realized by us at the time of shipping.
You agree to pay all shipping costs, unless otherwise stated by us at the time
of your order, including without limitation any increase in the price of
shipping or any duties or other such taxes.

**RETURNS AND REFUNDS**

Except for any goods designated as non-returnable, we will accept a return of
the goods for a refund of your purchase price, less the original shipping and
handling costs, provided such return is made within 30 days of shipment with
valid proof of purchase and such goods are returned in their original
condition. You are responsible for all shipping and handling charges on
returned items unless otherwise specified. You bear the risk of loss during
shipment.

Click [here] to initiate a return.

Refunds are processed within approximately 45 days of our receipt of your
merchandise. Your refund will be credited back to the same payment method used
to make the original purchase on the Site. We do not offer refunds on goods
designated as non-returnable.

**NO WARRANTY**

WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR CONDITION WHATSOEVER WITH RESPECT TO THE GOODS OR
SERVICES PURCHASED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING (a) ANY WARRANTY OR
CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR TITLE; OR
(b) WARRANTY AGAINST INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD
PARTY; WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED BY LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF
PERFORMANCE, USAGE OF TRADE, OR OTHERWISE.

We do not represent or warrant that any goods description, image, or other
such content on the Website is accurate, complete, reliable, or current. If
you deem that a good you purchased on the Website is not as described on the
Website, your sole recourse is to return that good to us for a refund.

## Intellectual property rights and ownership

You understand and agree that the Website (including, for the avoidance of
doubt, its contents, features, functionality, information, software, code,
data text, displays, graphics, photographs, images, video, audio, music,
broadcast, design, presentation, website layout, selection, and arrangement)
is owned or licensed by the Claynosaurz and is protected in all forms by
intellectual property laws.

You agree that you will not:

  * distribute the Website for any purpose, including without limitation by compiling an internal database, or by redistributing or reproducing the Website by the press or media or through any commercial network, cable, or satellite system; or

  * create derivative works of, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, adapt, translate, transmit, distribute, download, store, arrange, modify, copy, bundle, sell, sub-license, export, merge, transfer, loan, rent, lease, assign, outsource, host, or make available to any person, either directly or indirectly, the Website in whole or in part, in any form or by any means whatsoever, be they physical, electronic, or otherwise.

Claynosaurz’s names, logos, good and service names, designs, images, and
slogans are trademarks of Claynosaurz or its affiliates or licensors. You must
not use any of those trademarks without the prior written permission of
Claynosaurz. Other names, logos, good and service names, designs, images, and
slogans mentioned, or which appear on the Website are the trademarks of their
respective owners. Use of any of those trademarks, except as expressly
authorized, may constitute an infringement or violation of the rights of their
owner, be a violation of federal or other laws, and could subject the
infringer to legal action.

You are not permitted to modify copies of any materials from the Website nor
delete or alter any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices
from the Website. You must not access or use for any commercial purposes any
part of the Website or any services or materials available through the
Website. You have no right, title, or interest in or to the Website
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any content on the Website), and any
and all rights not expressly granted to you under these Terms are reserved by
Claynosaurz. Any use of the Website not expressly permitted by these Terms is
a breach of these Terms, and may infringe or violate copyright, trademark, or
other intellectual property or other proprietary laws.

We may freely use, copy, disclose, license, distribute, and exploit any
comments, questions, ideas, suggestions, or other feedback you provide
relating to the Website in any manner without any obligation, royalty, or
restriction based on intellectual property rights or otherwise. No such
feedback will be considered your confidential information, and nothing in
these Terms or otherwise limits our right to independently use, develop,
evaluate, or market goods or services, whether incorporating such feedback or
otherwise.

## User-generated content

All content, material, and information a user makes available to the public or
to other users or persons on or in connection with the Website (collectively,
“**User-Generated Content** ”) must comply with all applicable federal,
provincial, local, and international laws, regulations, and these Terms, and
must not, in any manner:

  * violate or infringe, or promote the violation or infringement of, any applicable law, the rights of any other person, or these Terms;

  * include or contain any material that is false, inaccurate, or misleading, exploitive, obscene, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, hateful, defamatory, sexually explicit or pornographic, violent, or inflammatory, or discriminatory based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation, or age or any other legally prohibited ground, or that is otherwise objectionable to Claynosaurz;

  * transmit, or procure the sending of, any advertisements or promotions, sales, or encourage any other commercial activities, including, without limitation, any spam, junk mail, chain letter, contests, sweepstakes or other sales promotions, barter, or advertising or any other similar solicitation; or

  * encourage any other conduct that restricts, impairs, or inhibits anyone's use or enjoyment of the Website, or which, as determined by us, may harm Claynosaurz or users of the Website or expose them to liability.

By providing any User-Generated Content, you grant us the right to a world-
wide, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, assignable, sublicensable, non-
exclusive licence to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, and
otherwise disclose to third parties any such content for any purpose and to
incorporate such content into any form, medium, or technology throughout the
world without compensation to you. By submitting User-Generated Content, you
acknowledge and agree that you waive any moral rights or other rights of
authorship you may have in or to that User-Generated Content.

By submitting User-Generated Content, you represent and warrant that you have
the necessary rights to submit that User-Generated Content and grant us a
licence to it pursuant to these Terms. You represent and warrant that all
User-Generated Content complies with applicable law and these Terms.

You understand and agree that you are fully responsible for your User-
Generated Content. You acknowledge that we are not responsible or legally
liable to you or any third party for any User-Generated Content.

Claynosaurz may, for any reason and without providing notice**,** remove or
refuse any User-Generated Content or take such actions, including legal
action, we deem appropriate. We may fully cooperate with any law enforcement
authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity
or other information of anyone creating User-Generated Content.

We have no obligation nor responsibility to monitor the Website, and do not
and cannot undertake to review User-Generated Content. We cannot ensure prompt
removal of objectionable User-Generated Content after it has been created and
we have no liability for any action or inaction regarding User-Generated
Content, except to the minimum extent required by applicable law.

## Privacy

You acknowledge and agree that by providing us with your personal information
or otherwise interacting with us, you consent to the collection, use, and
disclosure of your personal information in accordance with our privacy policy,
accessible here, which is incorporated into these Terms by reference and forms
an integral part of these Terms.

## Disclaimers, warranties, and limitation on liability

**NO RELIANCE**

The Website is provided for general information purposes only. It is not
intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain
specific or professional advice before taking, or refraining from, any action
or inaction on the basis of the Website.

Although we make reasonable efforts to update the Website, we make no
representations, warranties, or guarantees, whether express or implied, that
the Website is accurate, complete, or up to date. Your use of the Website is
at your own risk and neither Claynosaurz, its affiliates, nor their respective
directors, officers, employees, agents, service providers, contractors,
licensors, licensees, suppliers, or successors have any responsibility or
liability whatsoever for your use of the Website.

**THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES**

The Website may include links or pointers to, or content provided by, third
parties. We make no representations about any other websites that may be
accessed from the Website. If you choose to access any such sites, you do so
at your own risk. We have no control over the content of any third-party
websites and accept no responsibility for such sites or for any loss or damage
that may arise from your use of them. You are subject to any terms and
conditions of such third-party sites.

All statements or opinions expressed in any third-party content are solely the
opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity providing that
content. Such content does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Claynosaurz.
Neither Claynosaurz and its affiliates nor their respective directors,
officers, employees, agents, service providers, contractors, licensors,
licensees, suppliers, or successors have any responsibility or liability
whatsoever to you, or any third party, for the content or accuracy of any
third-party materials.

**DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES**

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE
WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITHOUT ANY
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY
WARRANTIES THAT CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

NEITHER CLAYNOSAURZ, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS, OFFICERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTRACTORS, LICENSORS, LICENSEES,
SUPPLIERS, OR SUCCESSORS MAKE ANY WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION, OR ENDORSEMENT
WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, SUITABILITY,
ACCURACY, CURRENCY, OR AVAILABILITY OF THE WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE
FOREGOING, NEITHER CLAYNOSAURZ, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE
DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTRACTORS,
LICENSORS, LICENSEES, SUPPLIERS, OR SUCCESSORS REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE
WEBSITE IS OR WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE, OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT
DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, OR THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT
AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.

WE CANNOT AND DO NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT FILES OR DATA AVAILABLE FOR
DOWNLOADING FROM THE WEBSITE WILL BE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER DESTRUCTIVE
CODE. YOU ARE SOLELY AND ENTIRELY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE AND
YOUR COMPUTER, INTERNET, AND DATA SECURITY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY
LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY DENIAL-OF-SERVICE
ATTACK, DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-OF-SERVICE ATTACK, OVERLOADING, FLOODING,
MAILBOMBING, OR CRASHING, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, WORMS, LOGIC BOMBS, OR OTHER
TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT,
COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA, OR OTHER PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE
WEBSITE OR YOUR DOWNLOADING OF ANY MATERIAL POSTED ON THE WEBSITE, OR ON ANY
WEBSITE LINKED TO THE WEBSITE.

**LIMITATION ON LIABILITY**

EXCEPT WHERE SUCH EXCLUSIONS ARE PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, UNDER NO
CIRCUMSTANCE WILL CLAYNOSAURZ, ITS AFFILIATES, NOR THEIR RESPECTIVE DIRECTORS,
OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SERVICE PROVIDERS, CONTRACTORS, LICENSORS,
LICENSEES, SUPPLIERS, OR SUCCESSORS BE LIABLE FOR NEGLIGENCE, GROSS
NEGLIGENCE, NEGLIGENT MISREPRESENTATION, FUNDAMENTAL BREACH, OR DAMAGES OF ANY
KIND UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS
OF PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF
GOODWILL, OR LOSS OF DATA, AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT, BREACH OF CONTRACT,
BREACH OF PRIVACY, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY WAS ALLEGEDLY ADVISED OR
HAD REASON TO KNOW, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR
INABILITY TO USE, OR RELIANCE ON, THE WEBSITE OR ANY LINKED WEBSITES OR SUCH
OTHER THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES.

## Indemnification

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, you agree to defend,
indemnify, and hold harmless Claynosaurz and its affiliates, and their
respective directors, officers, employees, agents, service providers,
contractors, licensors, suppliers, successors, and assigns, from and against
any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, awards, losses, costs, expenses,
or fees (including reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to your
breach of these Terms or your use of the Website, including, but not limited
to, your User-Generated Content, third-party sites, or any use of the Website
other than as expressly authorized in these Terms.

## Miscellaneous

**GOVERNING LAW AND CHOICE OF FORUM**

These Terms are governed by and to be construed in accordance with the laws of
the Province of Ontario and the federal laws of Canada applicable therein,
without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision, principle,
or rule (whether of the laws of the Province of Ontario or any other
jurisdiction) and notwithstanding your domicile, residence, or physical
location.

Any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Website or these
Terms must be instituted in the courts of the Province of Ontario or the
Federal Court of Canada, as applicable, and each party irrevocably submits to
the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts in any such action or proceeding.
You waive all objections to the exercise of jurisdiction over you by such
courts and to the venue of such courts.

**WAIVERS**

No failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power, or
privilege arising from these Terms will operate, or should be construed, as a
waiver thereof; and no single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power,
or privilege hereunder precludes any other or further exercise thereof or the
exercise of any other right, remedy, power, or privilege.

**FORCE MAJEURE**

We will have no liability to you for any breach of these Terms caused by any
event or circumstances beyond our reasonable control including without
limitation strikes, lock-outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of
systems or network access, disease, flood, fire, explosion, or accident.

**SEVERABILITY**

If any term or provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction,
such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect any other
term or provision of these Terms or invalidate or render unenforceable such
term or provision in any other jurisdiction.

**ENTIRE AGREEMENT**

The Terms constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Claynosaurz
regarding your use of the Website and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and
oral, regarding such subject matter.

**CONTACT**

Questions about these Terms should be sent to us at **legal@claynosaurz.com**

  

**Our partners**

  * [![Metaplex](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fe96b2e29713066eb07ee829abc60187908282f6c-514x48.svg%3Frect%3D161%2C0%2C192%2C48%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.metaplex.com)
  * [![Solana org](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F4cd65b73b5fea76180d8d19bd5b4288ef41d562a-372x61.svg%3Frect%3D64%2C0%2C244%2C61%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.solana.org)
  * [![Tensor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2Fc81421bc08c270fa07dd946e7acbe67ea9adef7a-4421x992.svg%3Frect%3D227%2C0%2C3968%2C992%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://tensor.trade)
  * [![Conductor](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F0d841ce112bd359580f074ae104cd2db0bb5ae52-726x454.svg%3Frect%3D0%2C136%2C726%2C182%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.conductortech.com/coreweave)
  * [![CoreWeave](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.sanity.io%2Fimages%2F6ddd42dj%2Fproduction%2F59c99e0266a43add08e3640627df28afdee7f6b7-4578x619.svg%3Frect%3D1051%2C0%2C2476%2C619%26w%3D200%26h%3D50&w=400&q=75)](https://www.coreweave.com/)

**About**

  * [ Characters](/characters)
  * [Claynotopia](/claynotopia)
  * [Lore](/lore)

**Collectibles**

  * [ Claynosaurz](/collectibles/claynosaurz)
  * [Call Of Saga](/collectibles/call-of-saga)
  * [Dactyl](/collectibles/dactyl)
  * [Claymaker](/collectibles/claymaker)
  * [Clay](/collectibles/clay)

**Other pages**

  * [ Collectibles](/collectibles)
  * [Media](/media)
  * [Values & Team](/team)
  * [News](/news)

![Claynosaurz Logo](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fclaynosaurz-
logo.png&w=320&q=75)

  * © 2023 Claynosaurz
  * [Press](/press)
  * [Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)
  * [Privacy policy](/privacy-policy)

**Adventure is never really far...**

  * [](https://x.com/claynosaurz "twitter")
  * [](https://www.instagram.com/claynosaurz/ "instagram")
  * [](https://discord.gg/claynosaurz "discord")
  * [](https://www.youtube.com/@Claynosaurz_Official "youtube")
  * [](https://www.tiktok.com/@claynosaurz "tiktok")
  * [](https://www.linkedin.com/company/claynosaurz "linkedin")

