[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/63c7cbfb9c91231bd6350055/63c7cbfb9c9123160c350093_Step-Logotype-
White.svg)](/)[ Learn](/learn)[
Analytics](https://analytics.step.finance/)[See your
portfolio](https://app.step.finance/#/dashboard)

## Terms & Conditions

By using the Step Finance website, its subdomains, any information available
within the Site (collectively the "Website"), or supporting information made
available by the Company, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you
do not agree to the Terms of Use, do not use the Website. The Website is
provided by Crossroads Events Inc (âweâ, âusâ, âourâ, or âThe
Companyâ), a International Business Company in Panama.

The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to amend, change,
modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use at any time.

We may change these Terms of Use from time to time by notifying you of such
changes by any reasonable means, including by posting revised Terms of Use
through the Site and Website. Except as required by Panamanian law, or as
stipulated within the revised terms themselves, all terms are effective upon
their incorporation in a published update to the Terms of Use. Your continued
use of the Website following the published updates to the terms will mean that
you accept and agree to the changes. Users are encouraged to regularly review
the Terms of Use prior to using the Website to verify the current terms and
their willingness to be bound by said terms.

NOTICE ON PROHIBITED USE: Persons or entities who reside in, are citizens of,
are located in, are incorporated in, or have a registered office in any
restricted territory, may not use the Website. The following territories are
restricted: North Korea. Additionally, persons within non-restricted
territories are barred from using the Website in furtherance of illegal or
platform-disruptive activity, or where prior criminal conviction restricts
their engagement in financial transactions or limits their use of computers,
telephones, or other technologies essential to platform participation.
Utilizing a third-party actor or agent, to act or take actions on your behalf
to circumvent the restrictions set forth herein is prohibited.

By accessing or using the Website, you acknowledge that you have attained the
age of legal majority in your jurisdiction, are of sound and sober mind, and
are legally able to contract on your own behalf and on behalf of any entity on
whose behalf you are authorized to act.

By accessing or using the Website, you understand and agree that The Company
does not provide brokerage, custody, exchange, execution, settlement, or
clearing services of any kind and is not responsible for the brokerage,
custody, exchange, execution, settlement, or clearing of transaction. You
further acknowledge that The Company is not a fiduciary, and does not owe you
a fiduciary duty. Cryptocurrency asset prices displayed on the Website are not
guaranteed to represent market best pricing or best execution. Assets listed
on the Website have not been approved or endorsed by the Company. Any and all
information provided on the Website is provided as an aid to your own
independent research, and The Company makes no representation or warranty as
to the accuracy or completeness of said information.

THESE TERMS OF USE CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION PROVISION. ALL DISPUTES ARISING
UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL BE SETTLED IN INDIVIDUAL BINDING ARBITRATION.
ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS OF USE CONSTITUTES A WAIVER OF YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL
BY JURY, PARTICIPATION IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT, AND PARTICIPATION IN CLASS
ARBITRATION.

1\. Accessing the Website  
The Company grants you a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
license to view and use the Website in accordance with these Terms of Use.
This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this
license, you may not:

  * modify or copy the Website;
  * remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materialsâ¨

This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these
restrictions, and may otherwise be terminated by The Company at any time at
The Companyâs sole and non-reviewable discretion.

You are solely responsible for managing and maintaining the security of any
information relating to your use of the Website and agree that The Company
shall not be held responsible for any unauthorized access to the Website or
any resulting harm you may suffer.

We may close, terminate, enable, or disable, any or all of the Website, or
your access to the Website at any time, without liability, and for any reason.
Advanced notice may not be provided except as required under Panamanian law.

2\. Non-Custodial Nature of Step Finance and the Website  
The Company does not facilitate or provide brokerage, exchange, payment,
escrow, remittance or merchant services. The Company is not a broker/dealer or
a provider of securities services, and is not registered with the SEC or
similar securities regulators in other jurisdictions. The Company is not a
depository institution and is not registered with or insured by any
governmental agency. Your tokens are stored in a digital wallet you control,
and over which The Company exercises no control. Though multiple wallets are
supported, The Company does not recommend any particular wallet. The onus is
on the user to select an appropriate wallet to utilize in connection with Step
Finance, and to take all proper steps to ensure the security and integrity of
said wallet.

Step Finance is built upon the Solana blockchain. Step Finance utilizes a
permissionless system, meaning that user activity is not subject to review or
approval by The Company. The Company makes no representations as to the
liability or prudence of using third party services and is not responsible for
any technical shortcomings of third-party programs, errors arising from user
installation or configuration, or other security vulnerabilities caused by
software deployments or hardware environments controlled or configured by the
user. Any information provided by the Company are offered as-is, with no
representation that they are free from technical error. Users making use of
the Website do so at their own risk, and are advised to proceed with caution.

In connection with your use of the Website, you are required to pay all fees
necessary for interacting with certain blockchain networks, including, without
limitation, the Solana blockchain. Such fees may include âgasâ costs, as
well as all other fees reflected Website at the time of your activity,
including trading fees and network access fees. The Company cannot assist in
the recovery of fees from transactions you execute improperly, and/or any fees
paid to third parties for the use of resources said parties supply to the
blockchain.

3\. Disclaimer  
TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, THE Company DISCLAIMS
ANY AND ALL PROMISES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, DATA ACCURACY, SYSTEM
INTEGRATION, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND/OR QUIET ENJOYMENT, AND ANY WEBSITE
PROVIDED BY THE Company ARE PROVIDED âAS ISâ AND âAS AVAILABLE.â
EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED HEREIN, YOU HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ALL
DISCLAIMERS OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING IN THIS SECTION AND ELSEWHERE IN THESE
TERMS OF USE) ARE MADE FOR THE BENEFIT OF BOTH THE Company AND ITS AFFILIATES
AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES, AND
REPRESENTATIVES, AND THEIR RESPECTIVE SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS. BY ENTERING INTO
THESE TERMS OF USE, YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE NOT RELIED UPON ANY
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF THE Company OR ITS AFFILIATES, EXCEPT AS
EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THESE TERMS OF USE. WE DO NOT MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS
OR WARRANTIES THAT ACCESS TO THE WEBSITE SHALL BE CONTINUOUS, UNINTERRUPTED,
TIMELY, OR ERROR-FREE.

While the Company will try to maintain the timeliness, integrity, and security
of the Website, you understand that we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant
that the Website, and any files available for downloading from the Site will
be free of viruses or other destructive code. You are responsible for
implementing sufficient procedures and checkpoints to satisfy your particular
requirements for anti-virus protection and accuracy of data input and output,
and for maintaining a means external to our site for any reconstruction of any
lost data.

4\. Risk of Digital Assets and Decentralized Networks  
Please note that all transactions involving digital assets involve risks. You
should therefore carefully consider whether using the Website is suitable for
you in light of your financial condition. In considering whether to hold
digital assets, you should be aware that the price or value of digital assets
can change rapidly, decrease, and potentially even fall to zero. Past
performance is not an indicator of future performance. By utilizing the
Website, you acknowledge that you are able to incur a complete loss of monies
or amounts paid without impairing your financial condition, and you are able
to bear the entire economic risk of using the Website for an indefinite period
of time.

We are not responsible for any digital asset market and we make no
representations or warranties concerning the real or perceived value of
digital assets as denominated in any quoted currency. Although we may provide
historical and/or real-time data regarding the price of digital assets, we
make no representations regarding the quality, suitability, truth, usefulness,
accuracy, or completeness of such data, and you should not rely on such data
for any reason whatsoever. You understand and agree that the value of digital
assets can be volatile, and we are not in any way responsible or liable for
any losses you may incur by using or transferring digital assets in connection
with the Website. Digital assets which may be referenced on the Website have
not been reviewed by The Company, and The Company makes no representation as
to the quality, safety, legality, or any other aspect of any digital assets
that you may transfer to or from a third party. You acknowledge that The
Company, through the Website is not offering or executing exchange services
but is merely providing a digital interface through which you can engage with
the blockchain directly to exchange assets at your sole discretion and of your
own accord, subject to other limitations stipulated within these Terms of Use.

You acknowledge that it is your duty to ensure correct information is inputted
for any and all trades you initiate which you directly execute on the
blockchain. The Company is unable to assist in digital asset retrieval caused
by user error. You further acknowledge that we are not responsible for any
loss of your digital asset resulting from theft, loss, or mishandling of
digital asset private keys outside our control. You must take sufficient steps
to safeguard seed phrases, private keys, 2FA devices, and all other user-
controlled assets that are vulnerable to hacking or theft.

We do not provide investment advice and any content contained on the Website
should not be considered as a substitute for tailored investment advice. The
contents of the Website should not be used as a basis for making investment
decisions.

5\. Accuracy of Website and Third Party Content.  
We endeavor to verify the accuracy of any information displayed, supplied,
passing through, or originating from the Website, but such information may not
always be accurate or current. Accordingly, you should independently verify
all information before relying on it, and any decisions or actions taken based
upon such information are your sole responsibility.  
We make no representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied,
statutory, or otherwise, regarding the contents of the Website, information,
and functions made accessible through the Website any hyperlinks to third-
party websites, or the security associated with the transmission of
information through the Website or any website linked to the Website.  
In using the Website, you may view content provided by third parties,
including links to web pages of such parties (âThird Party Contentâ). We
do not control, endorse, or adopt any Third Party Content and have no
responsibility for Third Party Content, including, without limitation,
material that may, among other things, be inaccurate, misleading, incomplete,
erroneous, offensive, indecent, or otherwise objectionable in your
jurisdiction. In addition, your dealings or correspondence with such third
parties are solely between you and the third party. We are not responsible or
liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such
dealings, and your use of Third Party Content is at your own risk and is
subject to any additional terms, conditions, and policies applicable to such
Third Party Content (such as terms of use or privacy policies of the providers
of such Third Party Content). We have no obligation to monitor Third Party
Content, and we may block or disable access to any Third Party Content (in
whole or in part) through the Website at any time.

6\. Limitation of Liability  
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COMPANY, ITS AFFILIATES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS, OR ANY OF
THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, AGENTS, EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES, BE
LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, INTANGIBLE,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH AUTHORIZED OR UNAUTHORIZED USE
OF THE THE WEBISTE, OR THESE TERMS OF USE, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE Company HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW OF, OR SHOULD HAVE
KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FOR EXAMPLE (AND WITHOUT LIMITING
THE SCOPE OF THE PRECEDING SENTENCE), YOU MAY NOT RECOVER FOR LOST PROFITS,
LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, OR OTHER TYPES OF SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT,
INTANGIBLE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE
EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE
LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IN SAID JURISDICTIONS, ALL LIMITATIONS OF
LIABILITY PERMITTED BY LAW REMAIN IN EFFECT.  
YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH THE WEBSITE IS TO STOP
USING THE WEBSITE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL WE BE REQUIRED TO DELIVER TO
YOU ANY VIRTUAL CURRENCY AS DAMAGES, MAKE SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE OR ANY OTHER
REMEDY.

THE COMPANY SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES CAUSED IN WHOLE OR IN PART BY
(A) UNSUPPORTED SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE; (B)
THE MALFUNCTION, UNEXPECTED FUNCTION OR UNINTENDED FUNCTION OF ANY COMPUTER OR
CRYPTOCURRENCY NETWORK, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION LOSSES ASSOCIATED WITH
NETWORK FORKS, REPLAY ATTACKS, DOUBLE-SPEND ATTACKS, SYBIL ATTACKS, 51%
ATTACKS, GOVERNANCE DISPUTES, MINING DIFFICULTY, CHANGES IN CRYPTOGRAPHY OR
CONSENSUS RULES, HACKING OR CYBERSECURITY BREACHES; (C) THE CHANGE IN VALUE OF
ANY DIGITAL ASSET; (D) ANY CHANGE IN LAW, REGULATION OR POLICY; (E) FORCE
MAJEURE EVENT; OR (F) YOUR USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING
WITHOUT LIMITATION FROM ANY VIRUS THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED IN CONNECTION
THEREWITH. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS INTENDED TO APPLY WITHOUT REGARD TO
WHETHER OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS OF USE HAVE BEEN BREACHED OR HAVE
PROVEN INEFFECTIVE.

7\. Intellectual Property  
We and our licensors and suppliers own the Website, which is protected by
proprietary rights and laws. You may not use our tradenames, trademarks,
services marks, or logos in connection with any product or service that is not
ours, or in any manner that is likely to cause confusion or harm our
reputation or cause us financial or legal damages. Nothing contained on the
Website should be construed as granting any right to use any trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or logos without the express prior written consent
of The Company.  
You accept and acknowledge that the material and content contained in or
delivered by the Website is made available for your personal, lawful, non-
commercial use only and that you may only use such material and content for
the purpose of using the Website as set forth in these Terms of Use.  
You further acknowledge that any other use of content from the Website is
strictly prohibited and you agree not to infringe or enable others to infringe
upon our intellectual property rights.  
Any rights not expressly granted herein to use the materials contained on or
through the Website are reserved by The Company in full.

8\. Limitations on Usage  
You agree that the following conduct is not permitted on or through the
Website, even if technically possible. Therefore, you must not engage in any
of the following activities, and acknowledge doing so may lead to potential
civil and criminal liability:  
8.1. violate any applicable laws including, without limitation, any relevant
and applicable anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing laws and
sanctions programs;  
8.2 infringe or violate any copyright, trademark, right of publicity or
privacy, or any other proprietary right under applicable law;  
8.3 misuse the intellectual property, name, or logo, including use of The
Company's trademarks or service marks, without express consent from The
Company, or in a manner that otherwise harms The Company;  
8.4 engage in improper or abusive trading practices including (a) any
fraudulent act or scheme to defraud, deceive, trick or misled;  
8.5 use the Website in any manner that could interfere with, disrupt,
negatively affect, or inhibit other users from fully enjoying the Website, or
that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the functioning of the
Website in any manner;  
8.6 circumvent any content-filtering techniques, security measures or access
controls utilized by The Company for platform security, system integrity, or
legal compliance.  
8.7 use any robot, spider, crawler, scraper, or other automated means or
interface not provided by us, to collect platform data in an unauthorized or
unsupported fashion, or for any purpose outside of Step Finance Market's
intended use;  
8.8 introduce or attempt to introduce any malware, virus, Trojan horse, worm,
logic bomb, drop-dead device, backdoor, shutdown mechanism or other harmful
material into the Website, or to cause or attempt to cause a denial of
service, distributed denial of service, or other performance degrading and
disrupting system attacks;  
8.9 provide false, inaccurate, or misleading information to the Company about
your identity or otherwise seek to defraud the Company or any other person or
entity;  
8.10 impersonate another individual or entity, or make claims of agency on
behalf of any person or entity on whose behalf you lack agency;  
8.11 transmit or exchange the direct or indirect proceeds of any criminal or
fraudulent activity, including, without limitation, terrorism or tax evasion;  
8.12 buy, sell, or transfer digital assets that were stolen, fraudulently
obtained, taken without authorization, or otherwise illegally obtained; or  
8.13 use the Website for any other purpose that is otherwise tortious or
unlawful.  
The specific activities set forth in Sections 8.1 through 8.13 above are
representative, but not exhaustive, of limitations on usage.

9\. Indemnification  
To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you agree to indemnify,
defend, and hold harmless the Company, its affiliates, subsidiaries,
directors, managers, members, officers, and employees, and their respective
successors and assigns, from any and all claims, demands, actions, damages,
losses, judgments, awards, costs, fees, or expenses, including without
limitation, reasonable legal fees (collectively, âClaimsâ), arising out of
or relating to your or any other personâs use of your credentials or user
account in connection with: (a) your use of, or activities in connection with,
the Website; (b) your breach of these Terms of Use or any other policy; (c)
feedback or Submissions you provide; (d) false, incomplete, or misleading
information relied upon by us, where applicable; or (e) violation of any
rights of any other person or entity, in each of the foregoing cases, to the
extent such Claims do not arise out of The Companyâs gross negligence or
willful misconduct. This indemnity shall apply to your successors and assigns.

12\. Governing Law, Legal Disputes, and Jurisdiction  
These Terms of Use and any dispute or claim arising therefrom or related
thereto (in each case, including non-contractual disputes or claims), shall be
governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Panama. For
litigation arising from these Terms of Use, the parties submit to the
exclusive jurisdiction of Panama. Furthermore, if any arbitration is necessary
to enforce the terms of these Terms of Use, the prevailing party will be
entitled to reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.  
TO THE FULLEST PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM YOU
MAY HAVE AGAINST US SHALL BE BROUGHT INDIVIDUALLY AND YOU SHALL NOT JOIN SUCH
CLAIM WITH CLAIMS OF ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY OR BRING, JOIN, OR PARTICIPATE
IN A CLASS ACTION (LITIGATION OR ARBITRATION) AGAINST US. YOU FURTHER AGREE TO
EXPRESSLY WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY.  
ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE
TERMS OF USE OR THE WEBSITE MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE YEAR AFTER THE CAUSE
OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM IS PERMANENTLY
BARRED.

13\. Miscellaneous  
Force Majeure. If by reason in whole or in part of any Force Majeure Event,
either you or The Company is delayed or prevented from complying with these
Terms of Use, then such delay or non-compliance shall not be deemed to be a
breach and no loss or damage shall be claimed by you or The Company by reason
thereof. âForce Majeure Eventâ means any event beyond the partyâs
reasonable control, including, but not limited to, flood, extraordinary
weather conditions, pandemic, earthquake, or other act of God, fire, war,
insurrection, riot, labor dispute, accident, action of government,
communications, power failure, failure in bank performance, or equipment or
software malfunction including network splits or âforksâ or unexpected
changes in a computer network upon which the Website rely.By using the Step
Finance website, its subdomains, any information available within the Site
(collectively the "Website"), or supporting information made available by the
Company, you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you do not agree to
the Terms of Use, do not use the Website. The Website is provided by
Crossroads Events Inc (âweâ, âusâ, âourâ, or âThe Companyâ), a
International Business Company in Panama.

Taxes. It is your responsibility to determine what, if any, taxes apply due to
your use of the Website. Further, it is your responsibility to report and
remit the correct tax(es) to any and all tax authorities towards whom such an
obligation exists. The Company does not provide advice on tax liability in any
jurisdiction, nor does it withhold or remit funds for transmission to any tax
authority on your behalf.

Severability and Reformation. In the event that any provision of these Terms
of Use is unenforceable under applicable law, the validity or enforceability
of the remaining provisions will not be affected. To the extent any provision
of these Terms of Use is judicially determined to be unenforceable, a court of
competent jurisdiction may reform any such provision to make it enforceable.

Waiver. No waiver by The Company of any term or condition set forth in these
Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or
condition or a waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of The
Company to assert a right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not
constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  
Assignment. These Terms of Use shall be binding on your successors, heirs,
personal representatives, and assigns. You may not assign or transfer any of
your rights or obligations without the prior written consent of The Company,
which may be withheld at The Companyâs sole discretion. We may assign rights
or delegate duties under these Terms of Use at our sole discretion.

Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in these Terms of Use is intended to
create, nor shall it create, any partnership, joint venture, agency,
consultancy, or trusteeship. You and The Company are independent parties whose
relationship is limited to the provisioning of services on an at-will basis,
subject to restrictions provided by the Terms of Use.  
You may contact us via [support@step.finance](mailto:support@step.finance)

â

â

â

#### Try it now

### The front page of Solana

[See your portfolio](https://app.step.finance/#/dashboard)

[ Twitter](https://twitter.com/StepFinance_)[
Medium](https://stepfinance.medium.com/)[
Discord](https://discord.gg/ZWRd2ZxrdR)[ Github](https://github.com/step-
finance)[ Docs](https://docs.step.finance/)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-
policy)[Terms & Conditions](/terms-conditions)

