[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-stake-your-dydx-tokens-with-ledger-
live) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 11/29/2023 

# Manage & Stake Your DYDX Tokens With Ledger Live

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-stake-your-dydx-tokens-with-ledger-
live) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

  
Things to know:_  
_  
---  
  
– You can now seamlessly manage and stake your DYDX tokens through Ledger’s
secure ecosystem.  
  
– Building on our initial support for ethDYDX tokens, Ledger Live has expanded
its capabilities to include the dYdX chain and its native, Cosmos-based, DYDX
token.  
  
– dYdX is a decentralized exchange that offers perpetual trading options for
multiple cryptocurrencies. [This
article](https://support.ledger.com/hc/articles/14808093053597?docs=true)
explains how to migrate your ethDYDX tokens to the dYdX Chain. [You can also
click here](https://support.ledger.com/hc/articles/14553855333533?docs=true)
to learn how to set up your first dYdX account and stake the token.  
  
  
  
##### Manage and Stake your DYDX tokens securely

We’re glad to announce that your Ledger Live app now supports the dYdX chain
and DYDX token, which means you can now manage and stake your Cosmos-based
tokens with your private keys tightly secured in your Ledger device.

Owen Simonin, Founder & CEO at Meria:_“We are thrilled to play a key role in
facilitating the connection between two major actors of our industry, Ledger
and dYdX, by operating a validator that simplifies access to DYDX staking
directly through Ledger Live.”  _

“ _Users want more security and self-custody choices without compromising on
staking and trading options. The integration of dYdX Chain and Ledger allows
users to earn staking rewards directly through the Ledger ecosystem, ensuring
security for users and supporting the growth of the dYdX ecosystem_ ” [Charles
d’Haussy,](https://www.linkedin.com/in/charlesdhaussy/) CEO dYdX Foundation.

Ledger Live is one of the first wallets to support DYDX and the protocol’s
staking feature. Our staking validator, [operated by
Meria](https://www.meria.com/en/staking), has the lowest commission fees (5%).
On top of that, staking your digital assets through the Ledger ecosystem
brings the following benefits:

  * **Highly secure:** Grow your assets while holding them within [your Ledger device.](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * **Self-custody:** Your private keys never leave the secure element within your Ledger device.  

  * **All in one place:** With our partners, you can buy, swap, and stake through [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live). All your crypto needs in one app.

If you need help determining which type of staking is right for you, [look at
our comprehensive guide](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/13692339908893?docs=true).

##### What is DYDX (dYdX)?

The introduction of the dYdX Chain and the dYdX community’s endorsement of
DYDX as the primary Layer 1 (L1) token has significantly enhanced the DYDX
token’s utility. The [DYDX Governance token](https://dydx.community/dashboard)
now supports a variety of functions: it can be staked, contributing to the
network’s security, plays a role in the governance of the dYdX Chain, and
enables DYDX stakers to earn staking rewards.

On the dYdX Chain, all fees collected by the protocol are distributed to
Validators and Stakers. Trading on the dYdX Chain is gas-less (only maker and
taker trading fees in USDC apply).

With the adoption of dYdX Chain DYDX as the L1 token, you can bridge your
ethDYDX tokens using this [bridging guide](https://www.dydx.foundation/how-to-
bridge/overview). After bridging the new utility functionalities come into
effect.  

##### Explore Web3 securely with Ledger

Through Ledger Live, over 1.5 million active users can
[buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy),
[sell](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos/how-to-sell-
crypto-with-ledger), [swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap),
[stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking), and
[lend](https://www.ledger.com/lend) digital assets, and explore the Internet
of Value with ownership and security. With the Ledger Live app, you can also
access an ever-expanding list of DApps in the Discover section, with your
private keys automatically safeguarded on your Ledger device.

If you don’t have a Ledger device yet, [check this
article](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/360015259693-Choose-
your-Ledger-device?docs=true) out to see which Ledger device suits your needs,
or view our [comparison page](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison) for a side-by-side comparison. You can also stay updated on our
latest announcements and thought leadership publications [through our
blog](https://www.ledger.com/blogs).

_*Buy, sell, swap, lend or any other crypto transaction services are provided
by third-party service providers. Ledger provides no advice or recommendations
to use any of these third-party services.  _

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-from-
ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s
CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 05/28/2024 

Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gaut...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-
from-ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From
Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

