[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvcHJlc3M%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvcHJlc3M%3D)

[About](/en-GB/about)[Careers](/en-GB/careers)[Press](/en-
GB/press)[Community](/en-GB/community)

Binance Newsroom

Your source for the latest news from Binance. Get access to our official
announcements, blog posts, news updates, media assets and more. When it comes
to blockchain and crypto, Binance is always at the heart of the story.

![Community Join Group](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about-
us/press-header-bg.png)

Binance Blog

Announcements

Media Assets

About Binance

Binance is the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem and cryptocurrency
infrastructure provider with a financial product suite that includes the
largest digital asset exchange.

[Learn More](/en-GB/about)

Official Announcements

Stay up to date on Binance product updates, new listings, trading competitions
and other important announcements.

[View More >>](/en-GB/support/announcement)

Latest announcement

[Daily BNB Balance Calculation Mechanism Update](/en-
GB/support/announcement/360031505011)

Fellow Binancians,The calculation mechanism used to record daily BNB balance
has been changed from being recorded in a snapshot at 00:00 (UTC) each day to
Daily Average BNB Balance (including BNB held in normal Binance Accounts,
Trading Bots Accounts, Sub-Accounts, Margin Accounts, Binance Crypto Loans
Collateral, Binance Funding Wallet Accounts, and Launchpool Accounts).Total
Daily Average BNB Balance = Sum of the da…

By Binance Team, 10-03

Binance Blog

See what's happening across the Binance ecosystem.

[View More >>](blog)

[![Update on Binance for UK
users](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231016/00ee9da8-56a0-4ffd-
ae5a-260fa7ade716.png)Update on Binance for UK usersUpdate on Binance for UK
usersOct 16, 2023](/en-GB/blog/937596818854026589/Update on Binance for UK
users)[![Binance Launches UK Domain in Compliance with New Financial
Promotions
Rules](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231008/7f485652-24cb-4859-9e5c-35954b1e5039.png)Binance
Launches UK Domain in Compliance with New Financial Promotio...In compliance
with the updated Financial Promotions Regime, Binance has launched a new
domain for UK usersOct 08, 2023](/en-GB/blog/2903800236178709961/Binance
Launches UK Domain in Compliance with New Financial Promotions Rules)[![How
KYC Helps Keep Users Safe in the
UK](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/default.png)How KYC Helps
Keep Users Safe in the UKWhen it comes to regulatory and compliance
requirements, Binance takes its role very seriously. Apart from just
meeting...Apr 28, 2022](/en-GB/blog/421499824684903788/How KYC Helps Keep
Users Safe in the UK)[![​What Is KYC or Identity Verification, and How Is It
Increasingly Important for
Crypto?](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/default.png)​What Is
KYC or Identity Verification, and How Is It Increasingly Important for...Like
other financial institutions, major cryptocurrency exchanges across the globe
make KYC, or identity verificatio...Apr 28, 2022](/en-
GB/blog/421499824684903785/​What Is KYC or Identity Verification, and How Is
It Increasingly Important for Crypto?)

Media Assets

Visit our Binance Style Guide to download Binance logos and other brand
assets.

[Visit the Binance Style Guide
>>](https://design.binance.vision/882e92a34/p/001e0b-binance-style-guide)

Contact Us

The Binance Newsroom is available to journalists around the world. Contact us
at [pr@binance.com](mailto:pr@binance.com)  
Please note the Binance PR & Communications team is only able to respond to
media enquiries at this time. We strive to respond to valid enquiries as soon
as possible.  
  
Need Customer Support? Visit our [Support Center](/en-
GB/support/categories/115000056351).

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

Theme

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

Daily BNB Balance Calculation Mechanism Update

Fellow Binancians,The calculation mechanism used to record daily BNB balance
has been changed from being recorded in a snapshot at 00:00 (UTC) each day to
Daily Average BNB Balance (including BNB held in normal Binance Accounts,
Trading Bots Accounts, Sub-Accounts, Margin Accounts, Binance Crypto Loans
Collateral, Binance Funding Wallet Accounts, and Launchpool Accounts).Total
Daily Average BNB Balance = Sum of the da…

Update on Binance for UK users

Update on Binance for UK users

Binance Launches UK Domain in Compliance with New Financial Promotio...

In compliance with the updated Financial Promotions Regime, Binance has
launched a new domain for UK users

How KYC Helps Keep Users Safe in the UK

When it comes to regulatory and compliance requirements, Binance takes its
role very seriously. Apart from just meeting...

​What Is KYC or Identity Verification, and How Is It Increasingly Important
for...

Like other financial institutions, major cryptocurrency exchanges across the
globe make KYC, or identity verificatio...

