Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Sidechains

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), March
29, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * How do sidechains work?
    * Consensus algorithms
      * Block parameters
    * EVM compatibility
    * Asset movement
  * Pros and cons of sidechains
    * Use Sidechains
  * Further reading

A sidechain is a separate blockchain that runs independent of Ethereum and is
connected to Ethereum Mainnet by a two-way bridge. Sidechains can have
separate block parameters and [consensus
algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/), which are often
designed for efficient processing of transactions. Using a sidechain involves
trade-offs, though, as they do not inherit Ethereum's security properties.
Unlike [layer 2 scaling solutions](/en/layer-2/), sidechains do not post state
changes and transaction data back to Ethereum Mainnet.

Sidechains also sacrifice some measure of decentralization or security to
achieve high throughput ([scalability trilemma(opens in a new
tab)](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2021/05/23/scaling.html)). Ethereum is,
however, committed to scaling without compromising on decentralization and
security as outlined in its [vision statement](/en/roadmap/vision/) for
upgrades.

## How do sidechains work?

Sidechains are independent blockchains, with different histories, development
roadmaps, and design considerations. While a sidechain may share some surface-
level similarities with Ethereum, it has several distinctive features.

### Consensus algorithms

One of the qualities that make sidechains unique (i.e., different from
Ethereum) is the consensus algorithm used. Sidechains don't rely on Ethereum
for consensus and can choose alternative consensus protocols that suit their
needs. Some examples of consensus algorithms used on sidechains include:

  * [Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)
  * [Delegated proof-of-stake(opens in a new tab)](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Delegated_proof_of_stake)
  * [Byzantine fault tolerance(opens in a new tab)](https://decrypt.co/resources/byzantine-fault-tolerance-what-is-it-explained).

Like Ethereum, sidechains have validating nodes that verify and process
transactions, produce blocks, and store the blockchain state. Validators are
also responsible for maintaining consensus across the network and securing it
against malicious attacks.

#### Block parameters

Ethereum places limits on [block times](/en/developers/docs/blocks/#block-
time) (i.e., the time it takes to produce new blocks) and [block
sizes](/en/developers/docs/blocks/#block-size) (i.e., the amount of data
contained per block denominated in gas). Conversely, sidechains often adopt
different parameters, such as faster block times and higher gas limits, to
achieve high throughput, fast transactions, and low fees.

While this has some benefits, it has critical implications for network
decentralization and security. Block parameters, like fast block times and big
block sizes, increase the difficulty of running a full node—leaving a few
"supernodes" responsible for securing the chain. In such a scenario, the
possibility of validator collusion or a malicious takeover of the chain
increases.

For blockchains to scale without harming decentralization, running a node must
be open to everyone—not necessarily parties with specialized hardware. This is
why efforts are underway to ensure everyone can [run a full
node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/#why-should-i-run-an-ethereum-
node) on the Ethereum network.

### EVM compatibility

Some sidechains are EVM-compatible and are able to execute contracts developed
for the [Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/). EVM-
compatible sidechains support smart contracts [written in
Solidity](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/), as well as other
EVM smart contract languages, which means smart contracts written for Ethereum
Mainnet will also work on EVM-compatible sidechains.

This means if you want to use your [dapp](/en/developers/docs/dapps/) on a
sidechain, it's just a matter of deploying your [smart
contract](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/) to this sidechain. It looks,
feels, and acts just like Mainnet—you write contracts in Solidity, and
interact with the chain via the sidechains RPC.

Because sidechains are EVM-compatible, they are considered a useful [scaling
solution](/en/developers/docs/scaling/) for Ethereum-native dapps. With your
dapp on a sidechain, users can enjoy lower gas fees and faster transactions,
especially if Mainnet is congested.

However, as explained previously, using a sidechain involves significant
trade-offs. Each sidechain is responsible for its security and doesn't inherit
Ethereum's security properties. This increases the possibility of malicious
behavior which can affect your users or put their funds at risk.

### Asset movement

In order for a separate blockchain to become a sidechain to Ethereum Mainnet
it needs the ability to facilitate the transfer of assets from and to Ethereum
Mainnet. This interoperability with Ethereum is achieved using a blockchain
bridge. [Bridges](/en/bridges/) use smart contracts deployed on Ethereum
Mainnet and a sidechain to control the bridging of funds between them.

While bridges help users move funds between Ethereum and the sidechain, the
assets are not physically moved across the two chains. Instead, mechanisms
that typically involve minting and burning are used for transferring value
across chains. More on [how bridges work](/en/developers/docs/bridges/#how-do-
bridges-work).

## Pros and cons of sidechains

Pros| Cons  
---|---  
The technology underpinning sidechains is well-established and benefits from
extensive research and improvements in design.| Sidechains trade off some
measure of decentralization and trustlessness for scalability.  
Sidechains support general computation and offer EVM compatibility (they can
run Ethereum-native dapps).| A sidechain uses a separate consensus mechanism
and doesn't benefit from Ethereum's security guarantees.  
Sidechains use different consensus models to efficiently process transactions
and lower transaction fees for users.| Sidechains require higher trust
assumptions (e.g., a quorum of malicious sidechain validators can commit
fraud).  
EVM-compatible sidechains allow dapps to expand their ecosystem.|  
  
### Use Sidechains

Multiple projects provide implementations of sidechains that you can integrate
into your dapps:

  * [Polygon PoS(opens in a new tab)](https://polygon.technology/solutions/polygon-pos)
  * [Skale(opens in a new tab)](https://skale.network/)
  * [Gnosis Chain (formerly xDai)(opens in a new tab)](https://www.gnosischain.com/)
  * [Loom Network(opens in a new tab)](https://loomx.io/)
  * [Metis Andromeda(opens in a new tab)](https://www.metis.io/)

## Further reading

  * [Scaling Ethereum dapps through Sidechains(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/loom-network/dappchains-scaling-ethereum-dapps-through-sidechains-f99e51fff447) _Feb 8, 2018 - Georgios Konstantopoulos_

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/index.md)
  * On this page

    * How do sidechains work?
      * Consensus algorithms
        * Block parameters
      * EVM compatibility
      * Asset movement
    * Pros and cons of sidechains
      * Use Sidechains
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

