  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[What is Solana?](/blog/solana)

##### Blockchain

# What is Solana?

Published on: May 23, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Fundamentals of Solana**
  * **Technical Innovations of Solana**
  * **The Ecosystem and Applications**
  * **Solana's Role in the DeFi, NFT, and Meme Coins**
  * **Challenges and Future Prospects**

##### In Brief

Discover the Solana blockchain. Learn how it works, what makes it unique, and
why it’s become so popular in the crypto and Web3 space.

![What is Solana?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_solana_5ada0cf3e2.png&w=3840&q=75)

Solana is a third-generation blockchain focused on interoperability and
scalability. Since its inception in 2017, Solana has solidified its position
in the crypto market while its native token, SOL, at the time of writing, is
the 5th largest crypto asset by market capitalization.

Solana’s affordability, efficiency, and speed have made it an attractive
option for developers looking to build decentralized applications (dApps) and
issue tokens on this blockchain. Its strong user growth, despite numerous
outages, has made it a rival to top smart contract-enabled blockchain
platforms like Ethereum (ETH).

In this guide, we’ll delve deeper into what is Solana, the basics of Solana,
technical innovations, and its ecosystem. In addition, we’ll also look into
the blockchain’s role in decentralized finance (DeFi), non-fungible tokens
(NFTs), touch Solana meme coins, and examine its challenges and prospects.

Remember, you can use Trust Wallet as your [Solana
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet), as well as explore the Solana
ecosystem safely.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## The Fundamentals of Solana

Before we delve into other aspects of this blockchain, let’s start by
answering the basic question, “What is Solana?”

**[Solana](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide) is a blockchain-powered network that aims for mass adoption.
The protocol was created to solve two out of the three blockchain trilemma
issues by lowering transaction costs and improving scalability, all while
providing a secure platform for developers to build dApps.**

![what-is-solana-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_solana_4_cfd24a2550.png&w=3840&q=75)

The blockchain trilemma refers to the notion that it’s difficult to achieve
the highest levels of all three blockchain pillars - decentralization,
scalability, and security - simultaneously.

Solana utilizes the proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus mechanism, which is
supported by additional solutions such as the proof-of-history (PoH) method.
The combination allows Solana to process transactions much faster than, for
example, Ethereum.

The PoS consensus mechanism permits validators on the Solana blockchain to
confirm transactions that are being added to this blockchain. On the other
hand, the PoH feature enables those transactions to be verified and
timestamped quickly. We’ll go deeper into Solana’s unique consensus mechanism
shortly.

As a fast-growing blockchain, Solana stands out from other blockchain
technologies for various reasons:

  * **Gas Fees:** Solana is one of the fastest and cheapest blockchains. The blockchain can process thousands of transactions per second (TPS) with relatively low gas fees (at the time of writing, around 0.02 USD).

  * **Growing Ecosystem:** Solana’s blockchain ecosystem has rapidly grown to rival other blockchains since its inception, even surpassing Ethereum in daily trading volume on decentralized exchanges in May 2024. The blockchain is also home to hundreds of Solana meme coins and dApps. The Solana DeFi and NFT ecosystem also continues to burgeon (but still lagging behind several other major blockchains)

  * **Transactional Speed:** Solana claims it can process around 60,000 transactions per second. However, in reality, the actual number is much lower. At the time of writing, it stands at around 2,600. Moreover, the blockchain’s block time is 400 milliseconds, compared with Ethereum’s 12 seconds. This means that a new block can be added to Solana in that amount of time.

At the heart of the Solana blockchain is its native digital currency,
[SOL](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-sol). The SOL token
plays a crucial role in helping Solana power smart contract operations
utilized by dApps and pay transaction fees on the network.

Beyond its transactional role, SOL is also key in Solana’s governance model.
Token holders can [stake](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-staking) their
SOL and participate in the protocol’s consensus mechanism. By locking up a
specific amount of their tokens, holders of SOL can help verify transactions
and secure the blockchain. In exchange, stakers are incentivized with more SOL
tokens for upholding the network’s integrity. According to the developers of
the blockchain, there's no strict minimum amount of SOL needed to become a
validator.

## Technical Innovations of Solana

![what-is-solana-1.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_solana_1_42fa49877c.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

**Solana uses the PoS consensus mechanism that is supported by the PoH
feature. PoH, introduced by Solana's co-founder Anatoly Yakovenko in Solana's
2017 whitepaper, is a method designed to make blockchain transaction ordering
more efficient, thereby aiding in faster transaction processing.**

PoH allows a blockchain to attain consensus by verifying the order and passage
of time between transactions and recording that into a ledger. Every node on
the network relies on the encoded passage of time in the ledger, which is
important for the functioning of the blockchain network.

While Solana’s consensus mechanism plays a key part in helping it achieve its
high throughput speed and low latency, it’s not the only feature. The
blockchain incorporates other features that help it achieve its overall
mission. These features include:

  * **Cloudbreak:** An innovative feature on Solana that addresses the scalability issue of the blockchain. The Cloudbreak allows Solana to handle large transaction volumes and take on more load.

  * **Gulf Stream:** With Gulf Stream, Solana can run without a mempool, which is a usual space in other blockchains where transactions are waiting to be picked up and confirmed. It improves the overall network efficiency by optimizing transaction processing and reducing confirmation times.

  * **Pipeline:** To allow for faster transaction processing, Solana incorporates a pipelining technique that permits the parallel processing of transactions. Using the pipeline feature, transactions in Solana get separated into three stages - fetching, processing, and write-back.

  * **Sealevel:** Smart contracts on Solana can run simultaneously thanks to the Sealevel feature. This makes Solana a money and time-saving blockchain as many smart contracts can run in parallel.

  * **Tower Byzantine Fault Tolerance (BFT):** As a reminder, the BFT method helps a blockchain system operate even with some faulty nodes. Meanwhile, Tower BFT uses a practical implementation of BFT, PBFT, which also utilizes the aforementioned proof-of-history method to establish the order of transactions and blocks.

## The Ecosystem and Applications

Beyond being a blockchain, Solana’s growth and use amongst developers have
significantly contributed to its growing ecosystem which is abuzz with
activities. This has resulted in a wide range of applications being built atop
the Solana blockchain.

The Solana ecosystem is home to NFTs and various dApps that cut across
decentralized finance. This is because of its high throughput speed and low
transaction fees. Beyond the Solana DeFi and NFT ecosystems, the blockchain is
also home to numerous gaming projects.

With 264 dApps in the Solana ecosystem, below are the top five Solana dApps
according to data from DappRadar:

  * **Jupiter Exchange:** Jupiter is a decentralized exchange (DEX) aggregator that connects to all DEX markets and automated market maker (AMM) pools to compare the prices between markets on different DEXes.

  * **Raydium:** Raydium is an AMM that offers services such as trading, earning yield, and launching new Solana projects.

  * **MomoAI:** MomoAI is an AI-agents-driven Web3 social entertainment product platform that allows developers to focus more on creating and designing games while transferring the complexity of technical implementation to AI.

  * **Magic Eden:** Magic Eden is a leading community-centric NFT marketplace on the Solana blockchain that’s home to various NFT collections.

  * **Sol Incinerator:** The platform allows users to burn, or destroy, any of their unwanted NFTs and tokens.

With a burgeoning ecosystem, there are various ways that developers and
businesses are utilizing Solana. These include:

  * **dApp Development:** Developers are using the Solana blockchain to build decentralized applications. Given its fast speeds and low transaction fees, developers are building DeFi solutions atop Solana that resonate with businesses and users.

  * **Smart Contract Creation:** The Solana network supports smart contract creation, which allows developers and businesses to develop dApps with programmable logic using the Rust language which is considered to be more flexible than Ethereum’s Solidity language, for instance.

  * **Token Development:** Developers can leverage Solana’s token standards to create and manage tokens for numerous use cases, such as in the Defi and NFT sectors. Also, Solana meme coins are now leading this space.

## Solana's Role in the DeFi, NFT, and Meme Coins

![what-is-solana-3.jpg](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_solana_3_084b784d8e.jpg&w=3840&q=75)

Over the years, the decentralized finance space has experienced significant
growth with the emergence of various blockchain networks. Since its launch,
the Solana ecosystem has witnessed rapid growth, which has also impacted the
creation of DeFi projects and protocols on the platform. This growth has been
fueled by Solana’s scalability offering.

**Since Solana can process thousands of transactions per second, it has become
a popular choice for developers looking to build DeFi applications that need
high throughput speeds. Compared to blockchains like Ethereum, Solana also
offers low transaction fees.**

It makes it more cost-effective for people to access and interact with DeFi
protocols. But the DeFi sector isn’t the only space that blockchains like
Solana have had an impact on. Solana has also contributed to the growth of the
[NFT](https://trustwallet.com/blog/nft-collectibles-explained) market.

**Solana is home to a thriving NFT market that permits people to access and
explore different digital collectibles from various collections. At the time
of writing, Solana is third in NFT trading volume, following only Bitcoin and
Ethereum.**

Ethereum’s high gas fees make trading NFTs on its platform an expensive
affair. However, Solana’s low transaction costs make it a more affordable
alternative. Essentially, Solana lowers the barrier of entry for creators and
collectors.

Another area where Solana is making waves is in the meme coin space. **The[
Solana meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins) space,
similar to the Solana DeFi and NFT space, has been experiencing rapid
growth**. The creation of meme coins on Solana has helped to attract new
developers and investors and grow the crypto market. However, it has also
attracted numerous scam projects.

![what-is-solana-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_solana_2_7092a7f604.png&w=3840&q=75)

The development of Solana meme coins has also resulted in the creation of a
meme coin community that’s active and engaged. And because it supports various
programming languages, such as Rust, C, C++, developers have more options to
use Solana.

## Challenges and Future Prospects

Despite Solana’s positive contribution to the crypto space, the blockchain
hasn’t been flawless. Similar to other blockchains, Solana has also had its
fair share of challenges.

One such challenge has been **numerous network outages** which have raised
questions on its reliability. In February 2024, Solana had a major network
outage that lasted for five hours, rendering the blockchain unusable. Its
developers have attributed the network outages to a software bug. Solana has
so far had nine major and multiple partial network outages since its
inception.

Another challenge that Solana has faced is **network congestion** which has
over time, resulted in transactions failing. The blockchain attributes its
network congestion issues to increased demand for its block space and
negligence to execute patches associated with its networking stack promptly.

Solana has also had to deal with **centralization concerns** due to a
relatively low number of validators and their concentration.

Still, the team behind Solana has been responsive to the issues plaguing it
and is working on improvements and solutions. As Solana continues to innovate,
we can expect the introduction of new features that are geared towards
enhancing the network and by extension, the user experience.

### Conclusion

Solana’s high transaction speeds, low fees, and burgeoning ecosystem of
various applications make it a key player in the blockchain and crypto space.

The ongoing improvements might mean that the blockchain will fix its current
problems and secure its place among the top crypto networks. The platform also
offers a myriad of tools for developers and investors to use to explore and
unlock the capabilities of blockchain technology.

There’s no denying that Solana’s journey is one to watch as it’s at the
forefront of expanding the boundaries of blockchain technology.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

