[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * What Is a Crypto Faucet?

# What Is a Crypto Faucet?

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Feb 13, 2024 | **Updated Feb 22, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Crypto%20Faucet%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-crypto-faucet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet&title=What%20Is%20a%20Crypto%20Faucet%3F "Reddit")

![Blockchain on an orange background](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/02_Blockchain_Cover_Orange-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— A crypto faucet is a platform that gives users small amounts of
cryptocurrency as a reward for completing simple tasks.  
  
— It’s vital to exercise caution before signing up to use a crypto faucet, as
scammers frequently look to take advantage of interest in free crypto to set
up fraudulent platforms.  
  
— As long as users stick to reputable, established platforms, crypto faucets
can be a great way for beginners to dip their feet into crypto, or for crypto
holders to explore new token ecosystems.  
  
Ever wondered how many hours you’ve spent online watching those annoying ads
that pop up at the most inconvenient times? What if you could turn that time
into a rewarding opportunity? Enter crypto faucets — platforms that dispense
small amounts of cryptocurrency to users at regular intervals.

But don’t go thinking a crypto faucet can make you a millionaire. Yes, you can
collect some money, but realistically, it won’t make you rich. Rather, the
original idea behind crypto faucets was to generate your interest in a
cryptocurrency so you eventually start interacting with it more by trading or
investing. This is still the case today, though many crypto faucets have
expanded into standalone businesses at this point. There are even some web2
platforms that have crypto faucets attached to give users rewards.

In this article, you’ll learn what a crypto faucet is, how they work, popular
crypto faucets, and the benefits of using them. Let’s dive in.

## What Is a Crypto Faucet?

A crypto faucet is a website or application that rewards you with
cryptocurrency for completing simple tasks. These tasks could involve watching
an ad, participating in a survey, or completing a quiz. Some faucets don’t
even need you to complete tasks, you just need to prove you are a human by
completing a captcha.

But remember, crypto faucets are called ‘faucets’ because the rewards you earn
are teeny-tiny, just like the drops from the leaky kitchen faucet you’ve been
meaning to fix for a week.

If you’ve ever played an online game, you’ve probably come across the concept
behind crypto faucets, except the rewards may not have been crypto. For
example, when you run out of energy, life, gems, or other in-game resources on
an online game, you often get the option of earning more by watching an ad or
video. Crypto faucets are pretty much the same mechanism.

Some crypto faucets are for raising awareness and curiosity about a specific
cryptocurrency. Others are more of a straightforward business based on ad
revenue, much like mobile online gaming. Indeed, there are even non-crypto and
web2 platforms that employ crypto faucets as a way to entice users (like the
web browser, Brave, for example).

There are also crypto faucets specifically designed for providing gas fees to
new users, such as the Optimism ETH faucet. This faucet gives users 0.002 oETH
to pay gas fees on the Optimism layer 2 network. However, it does require
users to first bridge 1,500 USDC onto Optimism using the faucet.

## The Origin of Crypto Faucets

The first crypto faucet was created in 2010 for Bitcoin, the world’s first
cryptocurrency. Bitcoin developer Gavin Andresen created a crypto faucet
website where people could solve a simple captcha to earn 5 BTC every day.
Yes, 5 whole Bitcoins, not Satoshis. Of course, Bitcoin was only worth 20 to
30 cents that year. And yes, you might be fairly rich if you had collected
Bitcoins from Andresen’s website back then and held onto them for a few years,
but we don’t have time machines (yet).

Andresen wanted to promote Bitcoin and increase its adoption — he created the
website because he wanted “the Bitcoin project to succeed,” he wrote in a
[post](https://bitcointalk.org/index.php?topic=183.0) on the Bitcoin forum.
Andressen thought that if people could get a “handful of coins to try it out,”
Bitcoin adoption would increase. Remember, the best way to get Bitcoins back
then was to mine them, which required significant computing power. Similarly,
buying them was not easy as neither centralized nor decentralized [crypto
exchanges](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-crypto-exchange) existed.
Andresen funded the faucet rewards with his own holdings at first, then had
some community help later on.

Bitcoin adoption caught on pretty fast (probably faster than he anticipated),
and Andresen had to shut down the website in 2012. It simply became
unsustainable to keep giving out Bitcoin since the cryptocurrency’s price had
risen to nearly $30 by mid-2011.

Many other cryptocurrencies followed Andresen’s lead, but these faucets faced
the same sustainability issue as the prices of their cryptocurrencies rose. As
a result, crypto faucets started partnering with advertising networks and used
part of their revenue to fund the rewards to users.

## How Does a Crypto Faucet Work?

To earn rewards from a crypto faucet, you must first become a registered user.
You have to provide some basic information, like your name, email, or wallet
address, to sign up. You will also need a micro wallet for your rewards,
though most crypto faucets create one for you automatically upon signing up.
To explain, a micro wallet is just like a regular [crypto
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-
is-a-crypto-wallet), but for managing very small amounts of crypto.

Once you are a registered user, you can begin completing tasks for crypto.
What’s more, crypto faucets usually set rules and timelocks around the tasks.
For example, you might only be allowed to claim rewards once every hour or
day.

When you complete the tasks, your rewards are automatically added to your
micro wallet. It is important to note that on some crypto faucet platforms,
you may have to pay a fee to withdraw rewards to your main wallet.
Furthermore, many crypto faucets have a minimum amount of crypto that you need
in your account before you can make a withdrawal. For example, you might have
to amass $5 worth of tokens before you can withdraw them to your main wallet.

## Benefits of Using a Crypto Faucet

Now that you know what is a crypto faucet and how it works, let’s take a
minute to see how a crypto faucet can benefit you.  

### **Earning Crypto With Minimal Effort**

Crypto faucets are a great way of acquiring cryptocurrency without spending
money. In addition, they often require less effort than strategies like
airdrops. Plus, airdrops are often restricted to users who check all the boxes
on a criteria list, and crypto faucet rewards get dished out much more
frequently.

Crypto faucets do not require any technical knowledge, which makes them great
for beginners. They are accessible to everyone, and all it takes to earn
crypto is a bit of time and minimal effort.

## Risks of Using a Crypto Faucet

While crypto faucets are usually built by people with good intentions, there
are still some risks to interacting with them. Common risks include data
farming or possible scams. Let’s deep dive into the potential risks of using a
crypto faucet.

### **Possible Scams**

There are plenty of legitimate crypto faucet platforms that help you earn
crypto such as the ones listed above. But hackers and scammers can easily use
the allure of free crypto to trap unsuspecting victims. Malicious crypto
faucets can be used for an array of nefarious things. For example, some may
seek to infect your device with malware, while others may be phishing attempts
to steal your credentials. Alternatively, if it’s an Ethereum-based crypto
faucet managed by smart contracts, you could be fooled into signing a
[malicious smart contract approval](https://www.ledger.com/academy/smart-
contract-functions-essential-red-flags-to-know-about).

Therefore, it is important to research a crypto faucet platform properly
before you connect your wallet. If you learned about the platform from an
unsolicited email, it may have come from a scammer. If the platform is
offering unusually high rewards, it’s probably too good to be true. Be
cautious about which crypto faucets you use, and also [consider using a
different wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-burner-wallet) than
your main crypto wallet to be safer when withdrawing rewards.

### **Data Farming**

Remember how Andresen’s crypto faucet had to be shut down because of
unsustainability? Well, most crypto faucets now have better business models
than funding rewards from their pocket. Crypto faucets now sell ad space to
make money, part of which is doled out as rewards.

But sometimes, crypto faucets might also sell whatever data you provide them
to generate revenue. This could include things like your email and wallet
address or even device information.

### **Low Rewards**

It is worth repeating that crypto faucets dish out very low rewards. For
instance, completing one task might get you just one Satoshi, which is equal
to one-hundred-millionth of a BTC. In US dollars, that’s a tiny fraction of
one cent at current BTC prices. So, crypto faucets are not going to make you
much money.

Besides, you might find the tasks monotonous and tiresome after a while. How
many ads can you willingly watch anyway?

## Top Crypto Faucets

### **Bitcoin Crypto Faucets**

The oldest and most popular Bitcoin faucets include Freebitcoin, Cointiply,
and Firefaucet.

Freebitcoin claims to have over 50 million registered users who can win up to
$200 worth of Bitcoin every hour by playing games. It also advertises prizes
such as a jackpot of up to 1 BTC, a weekly lottery, and even Lamborghinis.
Similarly, Cointiply offers daily login bonuses and games that let you earn
Bitcoin. And on Firefaucet, you can earn Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies by
filling out surveys, watching videos, and more.  

### **Ethereum Crypto Faucets**

Some popular Ethereum faucets include Freeethereum, Firefaucet, and Allcoins.
On Freeethereum, you can earn ETH by playing simple games, and win up to $300
worth of Ethereum every hour. Meanwhile, Firefaucet goes beyond just payouts,
featuring daily bonuses and rank rewards along with games. All of these
features make earning free ETH a dynamic experience.

Other crypto faucets like Allcoins allow you to earn not just Ethereum but
also several other cryptocurrencies through mining and games. Some of the
games on Allcoins might require you to pay a fee, however.

### **Monero Crypto Faucets**

You can earn XMR tokens through Monero faucets like Allcoins and Firefaucet.
On Allcoins, you can earn Monero by simply filling in a captcha. The website
also has an Exchange Tool that allows you to convert your rewards tokens to
any token of your choice.

Firefaucet, on the other hand, presents a diverse array of options to earn
XMR. With a built-in referral system and a claim of the highest reward rates,
Firefaucet introduces a unique leveling system. In this system, your level
increases through task completions, which in turn increases the rewards you
can earn.

### **Other Crypto Faucets**

Various other crypto faucets offer easy ways to earn cryptocurrencies like
Dogecoin, Litecoin, Tron, Polygon, Solana, and more. This includes Faucet
Crypto, where you can earn crypto by clicking on links to ads, completing
surveys, and downloading games and apps. The platform also allows you to claim
free crypto every 20 minutes.

## Final Thoughts on Crypto Faucets

Crypto faucets are designed to get those new to the crypto realm acquainted
with cryptocurrencies and increase awareness and adoption. Beginners get to
learn about crypto without having to put any skin in the game. However, crypto
faucets are not some magical shortcut to achieving your dream of becoming a
millionaire. The faucet rewards are usually minuscule. That said, who doesn’t
like free stuff?

While dealing with crypto faucets, however, you must be vigilant and exercise
caution to avoid scams and other malicious attempts to steal your assets. As
much fun as it can be to earn crypto by playing games, security should always
remain your priority. If you enjoy your first forays into crypto and decide to
get seriously involved, don’t hesitate to get yourself a Ledger device.

Ledger devices give you the power of self-custody, helping you to keep your
private keys safe from any bad actors. Not to mention that [Ledger
Live’s](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) user-friendly platform makes it
easier than ever to navigate all that blockchain has to offer – even for
beginners.

Whether you’re a novice or a veteran, step into the Ledger ecosystem so you
can explore the wide world of web3 with the ultimate confidence.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Crypto%20Faucet%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-crypto-faucet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet&title=What%20Is%20a%20Crypto%20Faucet%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=e726e4ac-
ee3f-430f-8a05-65f00916066e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=3c900966-9e5d-45c0-afc6-2440f4be24ba&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-
faucet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=e726e4ac-
ee3f-430f-8a05-65f00916066e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=3c900966-9e5d-45c0-afc6-2440f4be24ba&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-
faucet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=3251dcf0-d4a1-4a18-8758-3e9b09a7c6a4&sid=2fc894701cfd11efa88467b63c3a5320&vid=2fc8d5b01cfd11ef9110cd494312abbb&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20a%20Crypto%20Faucet%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet&r=&lt=1988&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=892877)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A42%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20a%20Crypto%20Faucet%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-crypto-faucet&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

