Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![üìù](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4dd.svg)

Uses of Ethereum are always developing and evolving. Add any info you think
will make things clearer or more up to date. [Edit page(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/dao/index.md)

![ü§ù](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f91d.svg)

# Decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs)

  * Member-owned communities without centralized leadership.
  * A safe way to collaborate with internet strangers.
  * A safe place to commit funds to a specific cause.

On this page

  * What are DAOs?
  * Why do we need DAOs?
    * A comparison
    * DAO examples
  * How do DAOs work?
  * Ethereum and DAOs
  * DAO governance
    * Delegation
      * A famous example
    * Automatic transaction governance
      * A famous example
    * Multisig governance
  * DAO laws
    * A famous example
  * DAO membership
    * Token-based membership
      * A famous example
    * Share-based membership
      * A famous example
    * Reputation-based membership
      * A famous example
  * Join / start a DAO
    * Join a DAO
    * Start a DAO
  * Further reading
    * DAO Articles
    * Videos

![A representation of a DAO voting on a proposal.](/_next/image/?url=%2Fuse-
cases%2Fdao-2.png&w=1920&q=75)

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

## On this page

  * What are DAOs?
  * Why do we need DAOs?
  * How do DAOs work?
  * Ethereum and DAOs
  * DAO governance
  * DAO laws
  * DAO membership
  * Join / start a DAO
  * Further reading

## What are DAOs?

A DAO is a collectively-owned organization working towards a shared mission.

DAOs allow us to work with like-minded folks around the globe without trusting
a benevolent leader to manage the funds or operations. There is no CEO who can
spend funds on a whim or CFO who can manipulate the books. Instead,
blockchain-based rules baked into the code define how the organization works
and how funds are spent.

They have built-in treasuries that no one has the authority to access without
the approval of the group. Decisions are governed by proposals and voting to
ensure everyone in the organization has a voice, and everything happens
transparently _on-chain_.

## Why do we need DAOs?

Starting an organization with someone that involves funding and money requires
a lot of trust in the people you're working with. But it‚Äôs hard to trust
someone you‚Äôve only ever interacted with on the internet. With DAOs you don‚Äôt
need to trust anyone else in the group, just the DAO‚Äôs code, which is 100%
transparent and verifiable by anyone.

This opens up so many new opportunities for global collaboration and
coordination.

### A comparison

DAO| A traditional organization  
---|---  
Usually flat, and fully democratized.| Usually hierarchical.  
Voting required by members for any changes to be implemented.| Depending on
structure, changes can be demanded from a sole party, or voting may be
offered.  
Votes tallied, and outcome implemented automatically without trusted
intermediary.| If voting allowed, votes are tallied internally, and outcome of
voting must be handled manually.  
Services offered are handled automatically in a decentralized manner (for
example distribution of philanthropic funds).| Requires human handling, or
centrally controlled automation, prone to manipulation.  
All activity is transparent and fully public.| Activity is typically private,
and limited to the public.  
  
### DAO examples

To help this make more sense, here's a few examples of how you could use a
DAO:

  * **A charity** ‚Äì you could accept donations from anyone in the world and vote on which causes to fund.
  * **Collective ownership** ‚Äì you could purchase physical or digital assets and members can vote on how to use them.
  * **Ventures and grants** ‚Äì you could create a venture fund that pools investment capital and votes on ventures to back. Repaid money could later be redistributed amongst DAO-members.

## How do DAOs work?

The backbone of a DAO is its _smart contract_ , which defines the rules of the
organization and holds the group's treasury. Once the contract is live on
Ethereum, no one can change the rules except by a vote. If anyone tries to do
something that's not covered by the rules and logic in the code, it will fail.
And because the treasury is defined by the smart contract too that means no
one can spend the money without the group's approval either. This means that
DAOs don't need a central authority. Instead, the group makes decisions
collectively, and payments are automatically authorized when votes pass.

This is possible because smart contracts are tamper-proof once they go live on
Ethereum. You can't just edit the code (the DAOs rules) without people
noticing because everything is public.

## Ethereum and DAOs

Ethereum is the perfect foundation for DAOs for a number of reasons:

  * Ethereum‚Äôs own consensus is decentralized and established enough for organizations to trust the network.
  * Smart contract code can‚Äôt be modified once live, even by its owners. This allows the DAO to run by the rules it was programmed with.
  * Smart contracts can send/receive funds. Without this you'd need a trusted intermediary to manage group funds.
  * The Ethereum community has proven to be more collaborative than competitive, allowing for best practices and support systems to emerge quickly.

## DAO governance

There are many considerations when governing a DAO, such as how voting and
proposals work.

### Delegation

Delegation is like the DAO version of representative democracy. Token holders
delegate votes to users who nominate themselves and commit to stewarding the
protocol and staying informed.

#### A famous example

[ENS(opens in a new tab)](https://claim.ens.domains/delegate-ranking) ‚Äì ENS
holders can delegate their votes to engaged community members to represent
them.

### Automatic transaction governance

In many DAOs, transactions will be automatically executed if a quorum of
members votes affirmative.

#### A famous example

[Nouns(opens in a new tab)](https://nouns.wtf) ‚Äì In Nouns DAO, a transaction
is automatically executed if a quorum of votes is met and a majority votes
affirmative, as long as it is not vetoed by the founders.

### Multisig governance

While DAOs may have thousands of voting members, funds can live in a _wallet_
shared by 5-20 active community members who are trusted and usually doxxed
(public identities known to the community). After a vote, the _multisig_
signers execute the will of the community.

## DAO laws

In 1977, Wyoming invented the LLC, which protects entrepreneurs and limits
their liability. More recently, they pioneered the DAO law that establishes
legal status for DAOs. Currently Wyoming, Vermont, and the Virgin Islands have
DAO laws in some form.

### A famous example

[CityDAO(opens in a new tab)](https://citydao.io) ‚Äì CityDAO used Wyoming's DAO
law to buy 40 acres of land near Yellowstone National Park.

## DAO membership

There are different models for DAO membership. Membership can determine how
voting works and other key parts of the DAO.

### Token-based membership

Usually fully _permissionless_ , depending on the token used. Mostly these
governance tokens can be traded permissionlessly on a _decentralized
exchange_. Others must be earned through providing liquidity or some other
‚Äòproof-of-work‚Äô. Either way, simply holding the token grants access to voting.

_Typically used to govern broad decentralized protocols and/or tokens
themselves._

#### A famous example

[MakerDAO(opens in a new tab)](https://makerdao.com) ‚Äì MakerDAO's token MKR is
widely available on decentralized exchanges and anyone can buy into having
voting power on Maker protocol's future.

### Share-based membership

Share-based DAOs are more permissioned, but still quite open. Any prospective
members can submit a proposal to join the DAO, usually offering a tribute of
some value in the form of tokens or work. Shares represent direct voting power
and ownership. Members can exit at any time with their proportionate share of
the treasury.

_Typically used for more closer-knit, human-centric organizations like
charities, worker collectives, and investment clubs. Can also govern protocols
and tokens as well._

#### A famous example

[MolochDAO(opens in a new tab)](http://molochdao.com/) ‚Äì MolochDAO is focused
on funding Ethereum projects. They require a proposal for membership so the
group can assess whether you have the necessary expertise and capital to make
informed judgments about potential grantees. You can't just buy access to the
DAO on the open market.

### Reputation-based membership

Reputation represents proof of participation and grants voting power in the
DAO. Unlike token or share-based membership, reputation-based DAOs don't
transfer ownership to contributors. Reputation cannot be bought, transferred
or delegated; DAO members must earn reputation through participation. On-chain
voting is permissionless and prospective members can freely submit proposals
to join the DAO and request to receive reputation and tokens as a reward in
exchange for their contributions.

_Typically used for decentralized development and governance of protocols and
_dapps_ , but also well suited to a diverse set of organizations like
charities, worker collectives, investment clubs, etc._

#### A famous example

[DXdao(opens in a new tab)](https://DXdao.eth.limo) ‚Äì DXdao was a global
sovereign collective building and governing decentralized protocols and
applications since 2019. It leveraged reputation-based governance and
_holographic consensus_ to coordinate and manage funds, meaning no one could
buy their way into influencing its future or governance.

## Join / start a DAO

### Join a DAO

  * [Ethereum community DAOs](/en/community/get-involved/#decentralized-autonomous-organizations-daos)
  * [DAOHaus's list of DAOs(opens in a new tab)](https://app.daohaus.club/explore)
  * [Tally.xyz list of DAOs(opens in a new tab)](https://www.tally.xyz)

### Start a DAO

  * [Summon a DAO with DAOHaus(opens in a new tab)](https://app.daohaus.club/summon)
  * [Start a Governor DAO with Tally(opens in a new tab)](https://www.tally.xyz/add-a-dao)
  * [Create an Aragon-powered DAO(opens in a new tab)](https://aragon.org/product)
  * [Start a colony(opens in a new tab)](https://colony.io/)
  * [Create a DAO with DAOstack's holographic consensus(opens in a new tab)](https://alchemy.daostack.io/daos/create)

## Further reading

### DAO Articles

  * [What's a DAO?(opens in a new tab)](https://aragon.org/dao) ‚Äì [Aragon(opens in a new tab)](https://aragon.org/)
  * [House of DAOs(opens in a new tab)](https://wiki.metagame.wtf/docs/great-houses/house-of-daos) ‚Äì [Metagame(opens in a new tab)](https://wiki.metagame.wtf/)
  * [What is a DAO and what is it for?(opens in a new tab)](https://daohaus.substack.com/p/-what-is-a-dao-and-what-is-it-for) ‚Äì [DAOhaus(opens in a new tab)](https://daohaus.club/)
  * [How to Start a DAO-Powered Digital Community(opens in a new tab)](https://daohaus.substack.com/p/four-and-a-half-steps-to-start-a) ‚Äì [DAOhaus(opens in a new tab)](https://daohaus.club/)
  * [What is a DAO?(opens in a new tab)](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/what-is-a-dao) ‚Äì [Coinmarketcap(opens in a new tab)](https://coinmarketcap.com)
  * [What is Holographic Consensus?(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/daostack/holographic-consensus-part-1-116a73ba1e1c) \- [DAOstack(opens in a new tab)](https://daostack.io/)
  * [DAOs are not corporations: where decentralization in autonomous organizations matters by Vitalik(opens in a new tab)](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2022/09/20/daos.html)
  * [DAOs, DACs, DAs and More: An Incomplete Terminology Guide(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2014/05/06/daos-dacs-das-and-more-an-incomplete-terminology-guide) \- [Ethereum Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org)

### Videos

  * [What is a DAO in crypto?(opens in a new tab)](https://youtu.be/KHm0uUPqmVE)
  * [Can a DAO Build a City?(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ted.com/talks/scott_fitsimones_could_a_dao_build_the_next_great_city) ‚Äì [TED(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ted.com/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### On-chain

Refers to actions or transactions that happen on the blockchain and are
publicly available.

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### Multisig

Multisig (multi signature) refers to a digital wallet or account that requires
multiple signatures or approvals to execute transactions, enhancing security.

### Permissionless

No permission or approval is needed to use a system like Ethereum and nobody
can stop you from using it. It's open 24/7 for everyone to participate.

### Decentralized exchange (DEX)

A type of Ethereum app that lets you swap tokens with peers on the network.
DEXes are not subject to geographical restrictions like centralized exchanges
‚Äì anyone can participate.

### Dapp

A dApp is a decentralized application that runs on a blockchain network,
offering services without a central controlling authority. [More on
decentralized applications](/en/dapps/).

### Holographic consensus

Refers to how a big group decision is made by letting a smaller group of
representative people vote. Then everyone else agrees to go along with it, as
long as they trust the small group did a good job.

