[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions") __
  * ... __
  * Ledger Stax: The Next Generation of Crypto Security

# Ledger Stax: The Next Generation of Crypto Security

By **Ledger**

Jan 11, 2023 | **Updated May 14, 2024**

__Read 5 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Ledger%20Stax%3A%20The%20Next%20Generation%20of%20Crypto%20Security&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax&title=Ledger%20Stax%3A%20The%20Next%20Generation%20of%20Crypto%20Security
"Reddit")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/10_Ledger-
Ecosystem_Cover_White-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
— Ledger Stax is the cutting-edge new Ledger hardware device, designed by
iPhone co-creator, Tony Fadell.  
  
— Ledger Stax goes beyond securing your crypto assets: it redefines the Web3
user experience.  
  
— In this article, we take a deep dive into the innovative new features of
Ledger Stax and explain how each one raises the bar for Web3 users.  
  
_As technology evolves, new products emerge constantly – but not all gadgets
are equal. Most fit neatly within the state of the art, but a select few
redefine the limits of their whole space._

The iPhone is a great example. Can you remember the last time your phone was
just “a phone”? The likely answer is “no” because iPhone single-handedly
changes people’s expectations of their mobile device. It did that by offering
something we all wanted: combining multiple functionalities (phone, internet
connection, and music), with a user experience so intuitive that it made its
predecessors obsolete.

In short, the iPhone redefined telecommunications hardware; simultaneously
onboarding more than one billion new users to smartphone technology.

Sixteen years later, as Web3 reaches critical mass, Ledger found itself at the
same juncture, asking itself, “How could we improve the Web3 user experience
and bring our industry-grade crypto security to the widest possible audience?”

The answer was Ledger Stax – the cutting-edge new Ledger device leading the
charge to Web3 mass adoption. Helping Ledger achieve this goal is the co-
creator of the iPhone, Tony Fadell, who designed the Ledger Stax.

But what is Ledger Stax, what is it for and why is it different from the
crypto wallets that came before it?

## Ledger Stax: Unwavering Security, Next-Gen Hardware

Value lies at the heart of Web3. And as the space matures and expands, [crypto
wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-
is-a-crypto-wallet) have become much more than just security devices: they are
an interface with the burgeoning digital ecosystem.

To enable people to access these new options, it’s time for security hardware
to go beyond protecting your [private
keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key), and deliver a
better all-round user experience tailored to Web3. So how does it plan to do
this?

### Ledger Stax Integrates Crypto Security and Lifestyle

Stax aims to be the first step to integrating crypto security with your
lifestyle.

To achieve this, Ledger approached one of the world’s leading designers,
iPhone co-creator, Tony Fadell. Together, Ledger and Fadell aimed to create a
device that was easy to use and secure, while offering an uncompromising user
experience. With these elements working in tandem, the Stax offers a new
generation of crypto wallets without compromising on security. And that’s how
you drive digital asset’s mass adoption.

### “It’s Got To Be Iconic”

Fadell has a clear vision of what this entails, saying “It’s got to be
iconic”. To explain, he noticed that every device, no matter how big or small,
has a screen, but that screen is black when not in use. So, he wanted to
create something that gives the user a feel for the wallet’s contents.

But before accepting this challenge of reinventing the Ledger wallet, Tony
asked himself some important questions:

_“Does the Ledger wallet really matter? Will people want to use it? Will it
change the way I live my life?”_

He accepted the project because he answered “yes” to all three. So let’s
explore why.

## Key Reasons Tony Fadell Designed The Ledger Stax

### Why Do Ledger Wallets Matter?

Ledger hardware wallets are the most successful digital asset security
hardware wallet of all time. With more than 5 million sold, and not a single
hack (ever!), Ledger has become the _baseline_ for proper crypto security.
Tony Fadell knew that the Ledger Ecosystem already offered top-notch security
and great design he could work on top of.

### Will People Want To Use It?

As digital assets became increasingly entwined with our identities, there was
a need for a device that delivered on those changing expectations. The
challenge was to build on Ledger’s security platform while bringing the Web3
experience to life for new and existing users.

### Will It Change the Way I Live My Life?

While the answer to that is still yet to be seen, the Ledger Stax offers a
completely new way of interacting with crypto, plus it has a security system
that is second to none. But before we dive into Stax specifics, let’s look at
some security essentials that _aren’t_ changing.

## Ledger’s Trusted Security Components

Ledger prides itself on security by design; If your design is not secure,
neither is your device. Thus, Ledger’s security components aren’t changing.
Stax will benefit from all of the security of previous Ledger devices such as;

### Secure Element Chip

[Secure Element](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-secure-element-
whistanding-security-attacks) is a key component of every Ledger device, and
that includes Ledger Stax.

For any hardware wallet, the chip is where your most critical data, such as
your secret recovery phrase, is generated and stored. So naturally, there
should be no compromise on the quality of that component.

The Secure Element is a computer chip that provides institutional grade
security for your digital assets. The smart card technology it’s based on is
actually more than 40 years old. However, the Secure Element chip available
today is much more advanced, and much more secure. The Secure Element chip’s
strength comes from its specialization in cryptography. The reason the Secure
Element keeps your keys so secure is that it separates the encrypted
information from any application the device touches.

Actually, this is the same Secure Element chip used in passports, credit and
debit cards, and payment systems. That means your Ledger Stax is secured with
the same chip that protects your most precious assets. Banks and governments
use this technology, and it’s that same level of security Ledger devices
offer.

And of course, you’ll find that same Secure Element chip inside every Ledger
Stax device.

### Custom Operating System BOLOS

Crypto wallets have a very specific objective, and for that, they require a
bespoke operating system. That’s why Ledger developed its custom operating
system [BOLOS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/our-custom-operating-
system-bolos), another key feature of every Ledger Stax.

[BOLOS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/our-custom-operating-system-
bolos) means that every application in your device exists in isolation from
the other apps: there is no single point of failure in your crypto security
infrastructure and the impact of any potential attack is mitigated.
[BOLOS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/our-custom-operating-system-
bolos) also ensures that every transaction must be physically confirmed on
your wallet, meaning no one can transact with your wallet remotely or without
your knowledge.

### Secure Touchscreen

Like all Ledger devices, the Ledger Stax benefits from a Trusted Display, more
specifically your Ledger Stax device is fitted with a Secure Touchscreen, the
first of its kind.

To explain, the screen of your Ledger Stax is controlled directly by the
Secure Element chip. This is as opposed to most hardware wallets, which use a
Microcontroller Unit (MCU) chip to control their screens. The problem with
using an MCU is that they are easily hackable: bad actors can easily replace
their firmware and take full control of your hardware wallet’s screen, making
it unfit for its purpose.

The screen of your Ledger Stax is controlled directly by the Secure Element
chip, the same ultra-secure chip that protects your private keys. This removes
the possibility of malware, as the Secure Element can always verify the
operating system, BOLOS, is legitimate. With these components working
together, you can be sure the screen of your Ledger Stax hasn’t been tampered
with. In other words, Malware doesn’t stand a chance against your Ledger Stax.

## What Does The Ledger Stax Offer?

Now we’ve checked out the inner workings of Ledger, and why they’re so
important, it’s time to tackle the question on everyone’s mind: how is the
design of Ledger Stax changing the Web3 playing field?

### Larger Screen, Faster Verification

Ledger Stax re-imagines the crypto wallet, starting with the very dimensions
of the device itself.

One of Ledger’s most valuable offerings is Clear Signing: the ability to
verify details of each transaction on your Trusted Display to know exactly
what you’re signing. USB-sized devices pose some practical challenges in this
regard: a small display can make it tricky to see and verify your transaction
details, and the small buttons may not suit all hands.

Ledger Stax changes that.

The device is larger than the Ledger Nano – around the size of a credit card –
and has a secure E-ink Touchscreen.

This brings two big improvements: the larger display makes it easier to see
and verify your transaction details; and the touchscreen functionality
transforms the whole device into a control interface, enabling seamless
navigation and transactions.

### Wrap-Around Display, Customizable Device

NFTs brought the crypto space to life, adding an inherently “personal” element
to the world of digital assets. But although NFTs are commonly secured by a
hardware wallet, there has been no way of _visualizing_ your tokens on the
device.

This too becomes a thing of the past, with Ledger Stax. The large curved
display screen, powered by E Ink®, functions as a completely customizable
wallet interface. This screen can display any NFT or chosen image, as well as
your name or any detail you choose, as the digital cover of the device – even
when it’s powered off.

With more and more people using multiple devices for their different Web3
activities, your security hardware can now offer both a personalized
experience and a practical way of identifying each individual device.

### Stackable Hardware

And finally, if you’re wondering how we chose the name Ledger Stax, the answer
is simple – the devices are stackable. Each Ledger Stax is embedded with
magnets, enabling your different devices to be satisfyingly “snapped”
together.

Goodbye to generic USB sticks, hello to fully customized devices, and totally
unique bundles

## Ledger Stax Paves The Way For The Next Chapter of Crypto

Ledger Stax is bringing the possibilities of Web3 to the widest audience ever,
by doing something simple: building a dynamic, practical, and personal Web3
interface, atop the impenetrable security foundation already offered by Ledger
– and trusted by millions.

As the undisputed security baseline for anyone who owns crypto, Ledger’s role
is evolving. Beyond securing your crypto assets, it’s Ledger’s responsibility
to redefine our hardware in tandem with new developments, raising the bar for
the space – and its users.

With Ledger Stax, we take the first step on that journey.

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Ledger%20Stax%3A%20The%20Next%20Generation%20of%20Crypto%20Security&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fledgersolutions%2Fledger-
stax&title=Ledger%20Stax%3A%20The%20Next%20Generation%20of%20Crypto%20Security
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Why Choose Ledger Hardware Wallets?
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/why-you-should-choose-ledger-
hardware-wallets "Why Choose Ledger Hardware Wallets?")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

