![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/bg/)

  * ÐÑÐ²ÐµÐ´ÐµÐ½Ð¸Ðµ
    * [Ð§Ð°ÑÑÐ½Ð¸ Ð»Ð¸ÑÐ°](/bg/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Ð¤Ð¸ÑÐ¼Ð¸](/bg/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Ð Ð°Ð·ÑÐ°Ð±Ð¾ÑÑÐ¸ÑÐ¸](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [ÐÑÑÐ²Ð¸ ÑÑÑÐ¿ÐºÐ¸](/bg/getting-started)
    * [ÐÐ°Ðº ÑÐ°Ð±Ð¾ÑÐ¸](/bg/how-it-works)
  * Ð ÐµÑÑÑÑÐ¸
    * [Ð ÐµÑÑÑÑÐ¸](/bg/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/bg/exchanges)
    * [ÐÐ±ÑÐ½Ð¾ÑÑ](/bg/community)
    * [Ð ÐµÑÐ½Ð¸Ðº](/bg/vocabulary)
    * [Ð¡ÑÐ±Ð¸ÑÐ¸Ñ](/bg/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/bg/download)
  * [ÐÐ½Ð¾Ð²Ð°ÑÐ¸Ñ](/bg/innovation)
  * Ð£ÑÐ°ÑÑÐ²Ð°Ð¹ÑÐµ
    * [ÐÐ¾Ð¿ÑÐ¸Ð½ÐµÑÐµÑÐµ ÐºÑÐ¼ ÐÐ¸ÑÐºÐ¾Ð¹Ð½](/bg/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/bg/buy)
    * [Ð Ð°Ð·Ð²Ð¸ÑÐ¸Ðµ](/bg/development)
  * [Ð§ÐÐ](/bg/faq)

  * Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/privasi)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/privacitat)
      * [Dansk](/da/privatliv)
      * [Deutsch](/de/privatsphaere)
      * [English](/en/privacy)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/confidentialite)
      * [Italiano](/it/privacy)
      * [Magyar](/hu/adatvedelem)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/privacy)
      * [Polski](/pl/prywatnosc)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/privacidade)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/confidentialitate)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/privatnost)
      * [Svenska](/sv/integritet)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/gizlilik)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/privacy)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/privacy)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/privacy)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/privacy)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/privacy)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/privacy)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/privacy)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/privacy)
      * [ááááá](/km/privacy)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/privacy)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/privacy)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/privacy)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: bg

# Privacy Policy

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and
disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our site
(https://bitcoin.org). We use your personal information to better understand
your usage of the site, and to collect traffic statistics.

By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in
accordance with this policy.

## Log Data

Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends
whenever you visit our site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include
information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address (with
replaced last byte), browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that
you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and
other statistics.

## Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous
unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored
on your computer's hard drive. You can instruct your browser to refuse all
cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not
accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.

We use cookies for the following purposes:

  * To keep track of whether you have pressed the "OK" button on the cookie disclaimer, so we don't bother you with the notification if you have.
  * Our Analytics software (Google Analytics) uses cookies to measure and better understand user-interactions on our Site. You can read more about how Google Analytics uses cookies [here](https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage).

## Google Analytics

We use a third-party JavaScript plug-in provided by Google called "Google
Analytics" to provide us with useful traffic statistics and to better
understand how you use our site. We do not have direct access to the
information obtained from Google Analytics, but Google provides us with a
summary through their dashboard.

We may share the information obtained from Google Analytics with business
partners who are interested in advertising on our website. The information
shared with these business partners will not contain any personally
identifying information (Google does not provide us with direct access to the
data and therefore we cannot see this information).

You can opt-out of having your information collected by Google Analytics by
downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on provided by Google.
This will prevent your information being used by Google Analytics. Doing this
will not affect your ability to use our Site in any way. You can download the
opt-out browser add-on [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). We
also honor the Do Not Track header and will not track visitors who have Do Not
Track switched on.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new privacy policy on the Site. You are advised to
review this privacy policy periodically for any changes.

This Privacy Policy was last updated: 5th July, 2016.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about our privacy policy, or how your data is being
collected and processed, please e-mail
[privacy@bitcoin.org](mailto:privacy@bitcoin.org?Subject=Privacy).

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/bg/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

ÐÑÐ²ÐµÐ´ÐµÐ½Ð¸Ðµ:

  * [Ð§Ð°ÑÑÐ½Ð¸ Ð»Ð¸ÑÐ°](/bg/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Ð¤Ð¸ÑÐ¼Ð¸](/bg/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Ð Ð°Ð·ÑÐ°Ð±Ð¾ÑÑÐ¸ÑÐ¸](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [ÐÑÑÐ²Ð¸ ÑÑÑÐ¿ÐºÐ¸](/bg/getting-started)
  * [ÐÐ°Ðº ÑÐ°Ð±Ð¾ÑÐ¸](/bg/how-it-works)
  * [Ð¢ÑÑÐ±Ð²Ð° Ð´Ð° Ð·Ð½Ð°ÐµÑÐµ](/bg/you-need-to-know)

Ð ÐµÑÑÑÑÐ¸:

  * [Ð ÐµÑÑÑÑÐ¸](/bg/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/bg/exchanges)
  * [ÐÐ±ÑÐ½Ð¾ÑÑ](/bg/community)
  * [Ð ÐµÑÐ½Ð¸Ðº ](/bg/vocabulary)
  * [Ð¡ÑÐ±Ð¸ÑÐ¸Ñ](/bg/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/bg/download)

Ð£ÑÐ°ÑÑÐ²Ð°Ð¹ÑÐµ:

  * [ÐÐ¾Ð¿ÑÐ¸Ð½ÐµÑÐµÑÐµ ÐºÑÐ¼ ÐÐ¸ÑÐºÐ¾Ð¹Ð½](/bg/support-bitcoin)
  * [Ð Ð°Ð·Ð²Ð¸ÑÐ¸Ðµ](/bg/development)

Other:

[ÐÑÐ°Ð²Ð½Ð¸](/bg/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[ÐÑÐµÑÐ°](/bg/press) [ÐÑÐ½Ð¾ÑÐ½Ð¾ bitcoin.org](/bg/about-us)
[Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 ÑÐ°Ð·Ð¿ÑÐ¾ÑÑÑÐ°Ð½ÐµÐ½ Ð¿Ð¾Ð´ [Ð»Ð¸ÑÐµÐ½Ð·Ð°
Ð½Ð° ÐÐ°ÑÐ°ÑÑÐ·ÐµÑÑÐºÐ¸Ñ ÑÐµÑ Ð½Ð¾Ð»Ð¾Ð³Ð¸ÑÐµÐ½
Ð¸Ð½ÑÑÐ¸ÑÑÑ](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/privasi)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/privacitat)
      * [Dansk](/da/privatliv)
      * [Deutsch](/de/privatsphaere)
      * [English](/en/privacy)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/confidentialite)
      * [Italiano](/it/privacy)
      * [Magyar](/hu/adatvedelem)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/privacy)
      * [Polski](/pl/prywatnosc)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/privacidade)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/confidentialitate)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/privatnost)
      * [Svenska](/sv/integritet)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/gizlilik)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/privacy)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/privacy)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/privacy)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/privacy)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/privacy)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/privacy)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/privacy)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/privacy)
      * [ááááá](/km/privacy)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/privacy)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/privacy)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/privacy)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ bg

