[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

# Be one of the first  
to play  
Parallel

Free to play digital trading card game

[Play Parallel](/download)

### Battle for your Parallel Faction

Futuristic, fast-paced and fun

[Game manual](/game-manual/world-of-parallel)[Play](/download)[Gameplay
FAQ](/faq/gameplay)

Build a unique deck

Stand with a Parallel and fight for home. Build a deck, strategize, express
your style of play.

Compete worldwide

Bank cards to build up powerful combos. Deploy units to overwhelm your
opponent. Use abilities to force a retreat.

Claim victory

Win PRIME to expand your deck and compete at higher levels. Dominate the
leaderboards.

![](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/bgEarth.webp)

Humanity, depleting the Earth of its resources, hastily began experimenting
with fission and anti-matter.

Catastrophe was unleashed, leading to a mass exodus from their home.  
Five Parallel civilizations rose from the remnants of humanity.

After 10,000 years, Earth had healed, and a new energy source beckoned the
Parallels back as they vied for control of their ancestral home.

[Explore the lore](/story)

earthen

Guardians of Life

Protect the Earth with unrivaled Defensive capabilities! Enforce peace, or use
the strength gifted by the cataclysmic priming to dictate the flow of battle.

[Story of earthen](/story/earthen)

augencore

Keepers of the Engine

Utilize the iconic war machines of the Augencore. Pilot mechs into combat or
bionically enhance your Units through Upgrades until none can withstand.

[Story of augencore](/story/augencore)

marcolian

The Crimson Fleet

Fight for the glory of Mars! Wield lightning fast aggression as well as a
plethora of devastating fire support and armored vehicles in your relentless
assault.

[Story of marcolian](/story/marcolian)

kathari

The Children of Europa

Witness the unending tide of the Kathari. Copy and clone your way to victory
with overwhelming numbers. Field cutting edge genetic science to unleash a
whole host of symbiotic Units.

[Story of kathari](/story/kathari)

shroud

Harbingers of the Void

Give in to the corrupting powers of the Shroud. Devastate those who oppose
through manipulating the battlefield and unleashing powerful late game Units.

[Story of shroud](/story/shroud)

earthen

Guardians of Life

Protect the Earth with unrivaled Defensive capabilities! Enforce peace, or use
the strength gifted by the cataclysmic priming to dictate the flow of battle.

View Cards

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Ert_EarthenInterfaceCB/Ert_EarthenInterfaceCB_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Earthen/Earth_01.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Ert_EarthenInterfaceCB/Ert_EarthenInterfaceCB_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Earthen/Earth_02.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Ert_EarthenInterfaceCB/Ert_EarthenInterfaceCB_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Earthen/Earth_03.webp)

augencore

Keepers of the Engine

Utilize the iconic war machines of the Augencore. Pilot mechs into combat or
bionically enhance your Units through Upgrades until none can withstand.

View Cards

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Agc_IconOfIngenuity/Agc_IconOfIngenuity_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Augencore/Augen_01.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Agc_IconOfIngenuity/Agc_IconOfIngenuity_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Augencore/Augen_02.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Agc_IconOfIngenuity/Agc_IconOfIngenuity_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Augencore/Augen_03.webp)

marcolian

The Crimson Fleet

Fight for the glory of Mars! Wield lightning fast aggression as well as a
plethora of devastating fire support and armored vehicles in your relentless
assault.

View Cards

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Mcl_IconOfStrength/Mcl_IconOfStrength_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Marcolian/Marc_01.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Mcl_IconOfStrength/Mcl_IconOfStrength_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Marcolian/Marc_02.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Mcl_IconOfStrength/Mcl_IconOfStrength_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Marcolian/Marc_03.webp)

kathari

The Children of Europa

Witness the unending tide of the Kathari. Copy and clone your way to victory
with overwhelming numbers. Field cutting edge genetic science to unleash a
whole host of symbiotic Units.

View Cards

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Kat_IconOfUnity/Kat_IconOfUnity_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Kathari/Kath_01.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Kat_IconOfUnity/Kat_IconOfUnity_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Kathari/Kath_02.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Kat_IconOfUnity/Kat_IconOfUnity_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Kathari/Kath_03.webp)

shroud

Harbingers of the Void

Give in to the corrupting powers of the Shroud. Devastate those who oppose
through manipulating the battlefield and unleashing powerful late game Units.

View Cards

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Shr_IconOfFate/Shr_IconOfFate_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Shroud/Shro_01-19.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Shr_IconOfFate/Shr_IconOfFate_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Shroud/Shro_01-20.webp)

![Faction Card](https://cdn.parallelnft.com/unsafe/600x900/https://prl-
content-publish-
prod.s3.amazonaws.com/Cards/Shr_IconOfFate/Shr_IconOfFate_Non_Prm_Cb_Img.png)![Card
Back](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/billboard-
assets/Parallel_WebCards2/Shroud/Shro_01-21.webp)

Brought to you by the artists & developers from

![Riot
Games](/_next/static/media/002_RG_2021_FULL_LOCKUP_OFFWHITE.49d66775.png)![Blizzard](/_next/static/media/Blizz_Corp_RGB_DarkBkgd.24ca3401.png)![Xbox
Game
Studios](/_next/static/media/Xbox_Game_Studios_\(2021\)-white.1787820b.png)![Wizards
of the Coast](/_next/static/media/wotc-logo.299cbb70.png)![Epic
Games](/_next/static/media/Epic_Games_logo.df909917.png)

Discover more

Parallel

[Game Manual](/game-manual/world-of-parallel)[Shop our merch](/shop)[Blog and
news](/blog)

# Sign up to  
Play

Create An  
Account

  1. Cookie Policy

We use and store cookies to improve your browsing experience, analyze usage
and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline to refuse non essential
cookies.

[Cookie Policy](/privacy-policy).

Accept All

Decline

Notification Cookie PolicyWe use and store cookies to improve your browsing
experience, analyze usage and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline
to refuse non essential cookies. Cookie Policy.Accept All
Cookies![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=53cf9ceb-3cd0-4ffa-8dcb-c93938ef9b82&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c137098c-4d7c-40c2-8a0c-d10decc9bc45&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fgame&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=53cf9ceb-3cd0-4ffa-8dcb-c93938ef9b82&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c137098c-4d7c-40c2-8a0c-d10decc9bc45&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fgame&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

