Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/consumer-brands/)

Consumer brands

## Start your brand’s seamless transition into web3

Transition your business into the next era of engagement with profitable web3
initiatives, user safety, and trusted insights.

[ Learn more ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)

![industry-consumer-brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/industry-consumer-brands.jpg)

  * Overview 
  * Capabilities 
  * Services 
  * Resources 

## Overview

Fuel customer demand and next-level engagement

Redefine customer interactions and focus your web3 growth strategies to
maximize ROI.

Increase brand loyalty using web3

Strengthen customer trust through transparency and deepen brand attachment
with new reward options.

Protect your customers and reputation

Proactively uncover, investigate and help prosecute illicit vendors selling
counterfeits of your product in exchange for crypto.

Build premier web3 products and services

Make informed decisions, proactively address potential churn, and quickly
adapt new strategic web3 offerings to align with market trends and demands.

Podcast

### Innovation in Sound and Art: The Bang & Olufsen NFT Journey

[ Listen to the episode ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/podcast-ep-50-bang-
and-olufsen-nft-journey/)

![bang-and-olufsen](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/bang-and-olufsen.jpg)

Capabilities

## Shape your web3 strategy and optimize market engagement with blockchain
analytics

![icon-entity-risking-2](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-entity-risking-1.svg)

### Trust and safety management

Programmatically assess address risk before interaction for a secure and
uncompromised user experience.

![icon-defi](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-
defi.svg)

### Anti-counterfeiting and trademark enforcement

Investigate addresses linked to counterfeit goods or enforce protection of
trademark violations.

![icon-transaction-tracing](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-transaction-tracing.svg)

### Community management

Know where to focus community-building and nurturing efforts for maximum
impact with automated customer segmentation and simplified visual workflows
that minimize resources and save user acquisition costs.

![icon-user-insights](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/icon-user-insights.svg)

### Transaction tracing

Trace the flow of NFTs with cross-chain visual analytics and graphing tools to
pinpoint the source and destination of funds.

Request a demo

Services

## Education, training, and support

**Upskill your knowledge of web3 and metaverse**  
Conquer the web3 learning curve with a curated learning path of courses,
certifications, and on-demand education.

**Prepare for the unpredictable**  
Recover lost cryptocurrency funds in the event of an incident such as a cyber
attack or unauthorized network intrusion with our rapid response retainer
service.

[ Visit the Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

### By incorporating regulatory tools, such as anti-money laundering and sales
tax, we have built an inclusive solution where both veteran and new NFT
collectors can feel secure in transacting with Christie’s 3.0.

![photo-giles.jpg](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/10/photo-giles.jpg)

Nicole Sales Giles, VP, Director, Digital Art Sales, Christie’s

### Web3 Resources

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/resource-
podcast-25-christies.png) Podcast Christie’s 3.0: from fine art to fully on-
Chain NFT sales ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-podcast-
episode-25-christies-3-0-nft/)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/report-on-chain-
user-segmentation.png) Report Guide to on-chain user segmentation for crypto
exchanges ](https://go.chainalysis.com/user-segmentation-guide.html)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/webinar-on-chain-
user-segmentation.jpg) Webinar How to grow your business with on-chain user
segmentation ](https://go.chainalysis.com/grow-your-business-with-on-chain-
user-segmentation.html)

## Get started with Chainalysis

Request a demo

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=ab657558-0bc3-49a8-ba09-fabca7f482b2&sid=c785dcb01cfe11efb38f698cd6660adf&vid=c78616601cfe11efa09c7396026817e3&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Consumer%20Brand%20Crypto%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fconsumer-
brands%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=554898)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e17c7e6c-7d3f-4c65-aca7-81a7892bb00c&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7cea0e8a-5487-4b1f-b738-ad221e2781d5&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fconsumer-
brands%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e17c7e6c-7d3f-4c65-aca7-81a7892bb00c&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7cea0e8a-5487-4b1f-b738-ad221e2781d5&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fconsumer-
brands%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)
![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=39f7a4479e824eb08ef0d7fd58c76233&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fconsumer-
brands%2F&_biz_t=1716906606743&_biz_i=Consumer%20Brand%20Crypto%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=663397&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906606743)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=39f7a4479e824eb08ef0d7fd58c76233&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fconsumer-
brands%2F&_biz_t=1716906606745&_biz_i=Consumer%20Brand%20Crypto%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=267304&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906606745)

