[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

news

### W is Now Natively Multichain on Ethereum and Layer-2s with Wormhole Native
Token Transfers (NTT)

Apr 25, 2024

·

3 min read

![https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3Ozj78rAQvhp7JUnGWMWYp/5d86c9adf00c21603c83e1bf2ad7a2c8/W-NTT-
Launch-
Graphic.png](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3Ozj78rAQvhp7JUnGWMWYp/5d86c9adf00c21603c83e1bf2ad7a2c8/W-NTT-
Launch-Graphic.png?w=1080&q=75)

Native W tokens are now available on Solana, Ethereum, Arbitrum, Optimism, and
Base through Wormhole Native Token Transfers (NTT). With NTT, users can
seamlessly transfer W across Solana, Ethereum mainnet, and EVM L2s without the
complications of liquidity fragmentation or liquidity pools, while preserving
the unique utility of W within the Wormhole ecosystem. On Solana, W is an SPL
token, and W is an ERC20 token on EVM chains.

Making W natively multichain completes the second phase of the W launch
roadmap. This launch will lead to an industry-first multichain governance
system, MultiGov, and W staking for governance. These advancements lay the
groundwork for future token functionality, which is only possible with NTT and
a native multichain token.

##### Broader access and more functionality

By making W natively multichain, Wormhole enhances the token's functionality
and broadens its access to a wider range of users and developers across
diverse blockchain ecosystems. A multichain token enables more efficient and
flexible use of W, enabling more innovation and participation in the Wormhole
ecosystem.

This launch aligns with Wormhole's roadmap and amplifies the commitment to an
accessible, secure, and decentralized platform. The future of W is not just
about multichain capabilities; it's about building new blockchain
interoperability technologies and innovative governance systems.

##### Learn More about W

Anyone looking to learn more about W can view the [W token
webpage](https://wormhole.com/w/?ref=wormhole.ghost.io) or [W
tokenomics](https://wormhole.com/wormhole-w-
tokenomics/?ref=wormhole.ghost.io).

##### What is NTT?

[NTT](https://wormhole.com/native-token-transfers?ref=wormhole.ghost.io) is an
open source framework that enables projects to transfer tokens natively across
blockchains without the need for liquidity pools. This flexibility allows
projects to dictate how their tokens function on each chain, from the token
standard to metadata, ownership/upgradeability, and custom features. NTT also
ensures projects retain full control over their security measures, including
rate-limiting, pausing, access control, and balance accounting.

##### Key Features of NTT

  * **Unified user experience:** Tokens maintain their inherent properties on each chain, resulting in a natively multichain token that ensures a consistent and unified experience across chains.
  * **No liquidity pools:** Token transfers occur without the need for liquidity pools, eliminating LP fees, slippage, and MEV risks.
  * **Integrator flexibility:** Projects building with NTT retain ownership, upgrade authority, and customizability over their tokens. NTT can integrate with any token contract or standard and any protocol governance processes.
  * **Enhanced security measures:** Projects can implement tailored security measures including rate limiting and cross-chain balance checks, supported by the Wormhole Guardian infrastructure.
  * **Composability:** NTT is designed as an open source, extensible token transfer framework built to be adopted widely across the interoperability ecosystem.
  * **Custom attestation:** NTT is extensible and allows integrators to optionally elect additional verifiers, such as their own smart contracts or off-chain processes, to provide custom validation parameters or logic.

Learn more about NTT at [wormhole.com/native-token-
transfers](https://wormhole.com/native-token-transfers?ref=wormhole.ghost.io).

![launch-
roadmap-1](//images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/5O2YjcXDRZ8pukUU21605i/56976105981a994a2973a647c11d0b00/launch-
roadmap-1.jpg?w=1080&q=75)

##### Safety Notice

Users and readers are advised to be cautious and remain vigilant against
potential scams. Verifying that any webpage linked to Wormhole is hosted under
the wormhole.com domain is crucial to staying safe from scams and phishing
attempts. All official community and social channels are also listed on
official web pages. Wormhole-affiliated moderators and team members will never
reach out to you first or solicit any kind of personal information.

* * *

THIS IS NOT AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE ANY
W, AND IS NOT AN OFFERING, ADVERTISEMENT, SOLICITATION, CONFIRMATION,
STATEMENT OR ANY FINANCIAL PROMOTION THAT CAN BE CONSTRUED AS AN INVITATION OR
INDUCEMENT TO ENGAGE IN ANY INVESTMENT ACTIVITY OR SIMILAR. YOU SHOULD NOT
RELY ON THE CONTENT HEREIN FOR ADVICE OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING LEGAL,
INVESTMENT, FINANCIAL, TAX OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL ADVICE, AND SUCH CONTENT IS
NOT A SUBSTITUTE FOR ADVICE FROM A QUALIFIED PROFESSIONAL.

THIS DOCUMENT CONTAINS HYPOTHETICAL, FORWARD-LOOKING AND/OR PROJECTED FIGURES
WHICH ARE NOT GUARANTEED AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE; ACTUAL NUMBERS MAY VARY.
WORMHOLE MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE
COMPLETENESS, RELIABILITY, VALIDITY, OR ACCURACY OF THIS INFORMATION. THE
CONTENT HEREIN IS NOT ERROR-FREE AND MAY CONTAIN INCORRECT INFORMATION. YOU
AGREE AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT ANY INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN IS SUBJECT TO
CHANGE WITHOUT NOTICE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN,
OBTAINED FROM WORMHOLE FOUNDATION, WILL BE CONSTRUED TO CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATION NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION, PLEASE
REFER TO THE [TERMS OF SERVICE](https://wormhole.com/pages/terms-of-use) AND
THE [AIRDROP TERMS](http://airdrop.wormhole.com/).

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

