  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

# Careers at Trust

We believe that the services and opportunities Web3 provides can transform the
lives of millions. Join our mission to build a seamless Web3 hub and open
ecosystem that enables a fully decentralized world for everyone.

[See Open Roles](https://careers.smartrecruiters.com/B6/trustwallet)

![People
Working](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.4527f639.png&w=3840&q=75)[See
Open Roles](https://careers.smartrecruiters.com/B6/trustwallet)

## Join us as we empower millions through Trust

We work towards the vision to help everyone thrive through the freedom to own
and to access opportunities, without limits.

  * ### Purpose

#### To give everyone the freedom to truly own, by building the foundations
for the future of the free web.

  * ### Vision

#### To become the most trusted hub for Web3 experiences.

  * ### Mission

#### Our mission is to build a seamless Web3 hub and open ecosystem that
enables a fully decentralized world.

  * ### Values

#### We are user-obsessed. We are humble. We act with integrity. We are open.
We are owners.

### A message from our CEO

**Hey there, thanks for your interest in joining our team.**  
**We are a team that supports each other.** We aim to enable and empower
teammates for better work. We are a team that supports each other to maximize
our true potential; to constantly learn new skills and build knowledge,
conquer challenges, deliver value, and build character.  
  
Since our start in 2017, we’ve been all about opening doors and empowering
people around the world to explore the ever-growing blockchain world. Our
mission? To build a seamless Web3 gateway and open ecosystem that enables a
fully decentralized world. We began as an Ethereum- only mobile wallet, making
it super easy for users to hold all their ICO tokens in one handy place. And
as the industry expanded, so did we! Trust Wallet now supports 100+
blockchains and a whopping 10 million+ assets and NFTs, making it the go-to
Web3 platform for millions worldwide.  
  
Just like we're all about enabling and empowering people, we're super
committed to supporting our team members too! We're a tight-knit group that
strives to help each other reach our full potential. Together, we learn,
conquer challenges, deliver value, and grow as individuals. We're a diverse
bunch with different backgrounds, but we all share these important traits:

  1. 1

Belief in the power of crypto and blockchain to make positive changes, without
obsessing over market prices.

  2. 2

Passion for learning, stepping outside our comfort zones, and taking extreme
ownership (no finger-pointing or excuses here!).

  3. 3

Staying grounded and humble - egos need not apply.

  4. 4

Flexibility, adaptability, and resilience - rigidity just won't cut it.

  5. 5

A laser focus on solving users' problems with a result-oriented mindset - it's
all about delivering value and excellence.

  6. 6

High standards for integrity and principles - no room for shortcuts or selfish
actions.

  7. 7

Empathy for non-crypto natives and potential partners - we're not just about
the crypto diehards.

![Eowyn
CEO](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.c6c12c6e.png&w=828&q=100)

If our vision and mission get you fired up, and you're on the same wavelength
with the traits above, we'd absolutely love to chat, work, and grow with you!  
With excitement,  
Eowyn

[See Open Roles](https://careers.smartrecruiters.com/B6/trustwallet)

## Learn more about our teams

  * ![Luis Head of Engineering](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.c7861544.png&w=828&q=100)

### Engineering

Trust Wallet's engineering team is all about building cutting-edge technology
for a decentralised experience. We dive into numerous domains, tackling the
toughest challenges in crypto. With a focus on high-performance and user-
friendly experiences, it's an exhilarating journey for passionate problem-
solvers!

  * ![Eric Head of Product](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.88089bd2.png&w=3840&q=100)

### Product

The product team operates at the crossroads of user-centric design,
engineering, and business, focusing on multidisciplinary problem-solving. We
drive alignment on user problems and business goals, employing a mix of
strategy and tactics. We seek passionate, communicative, and scrappy
individuals with a love for crypto and a strong product sense.

  * ![Eve Head of Security](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.2d3f8f5d.png&w=828&q=100)

### Security

The security team is focused on making Web3 safe for everyone that uses our
products. They diligently develop and implement robust security strategies,
continuously monitor potential risks, and adapt to emerging technologies -
striving to provide a secure and reliable experience for Trust Wallet's 100M+
users.

  * ![Sami Head of Marketing](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.44ac562d.png&w=828&q=100)

### Marketing

The marketing team is dedicated to sharing our story through impactful
storytelling and focused strategies. With a diverse group of creative
individuals, we work together to simplify Web3, shape the future of
cryptocurrency, and create meaningful marketing experiences.

  * ![Pierre Business Development Manager](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.fc06aa5e.png&w=828&q=100)

### Business Development

Our business development team focuses on creating vital partnerships,
exploring new opportunities, and fueling growth. We embrace the future of
crypto daily, making a real impact in the industry.

[See Open Roles](https://careers.smartrecruiters.com/B6/trustwallet)

## Our people commitment

**We cultivate a growth mindset and don't set limits**

  * A wide range of career advancement opportunities.
  * Learning and development programmes.
  * Resourceful e-learning platforms.
  * New on-job challenges and initiatives.

**We offer competitive compensations and prioritize your well being**

  * Competitive compensation.
  * Paid time off.
  * Various employee wellbeing schemes.

**We foster a working culture that unlocks your full potential**

  * Remote and flexible working arrangements.
  * Inclusive and diverse working environment.
  * Fully agile and collaborative.
  * A flat structure without traditional hierarchies.

## Our hiring process

  * ### Meet the acquisition team

We’ll reach out to learn more about your experience and motivation for joining
our team. This is also your chance to ask questions and get to know us better!

  * ### Meeting the manager

During your interview with the hiring manager and team, we’ll assess your
behavioural and technical competencies. This is also an opportunity for you to
get to know our team and culture.

  * ### Function focused test

Depending on the role you apply for, we’ll assign you a test that assesses
your technical abilities and industry knowledge. You’ll also learn about the
type of work you’ll do and the challenges you’ll be tackling.

  * ### Final round

Congratulations, you made it to the final round! We want you to succeed, so
this is where you’ll meet our senior management team and ensure we’re a good
fit for each other.

## Frequently asked questions

  * ##### Do I need to interview in person?

  * ##### How long does it take to complete the selection process?

  * ##### Do I have to have prior experience in Web3?

  * ##### How do I know if I’m a good fit?

  * ##### What benefits do you provide?

  * ##### What’s the working culture?

  * ##### A message from our CEO

  * ##### Learn more about our teams

  * ##### Our people commitment

  * ##### Our hiring process

  * ##### Frequently asked questions

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

