[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L2FsdGNvaW4tc2Vhc29uLXdoYXQtd2hlbi1hbmQtd2h5LTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzcxMj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L2FsdGNvaW4tc2Vhc29uLXdoYXQtd2hlbi1hbmQtd2h5LTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzcxMj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Altcoin Season: What, When, And Why

2022-04-20

## Main Takeaways:

  * The term ‘altcoin season’ refers to a period where altcoins steadily outperform Bitcoin.

  * While there’s no such thing as guaranteed profits due to market volatility, altcoin season may be a good time for traders and investors to diversify their portfolios.

  * It’s also good to learn how to spot an altcoin season as it tends to affect Bitcoin dominance.

  * Find out why and when an altcoin season begins and how to buy altcoins on Binance.

_What’s an altcoin season? How does it affect crypto investors and traders?
Learn about altcoin season and how you can add altcoins to your portfolio on
Binance._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220420/a1d03675-900a-4c1b-83c7-158789d8c2a3.png)

The term ‘altcoin season’ isn’t just a fancy phrase used to impress your
crypto friends; it’s also an important period for traders who are looking to
capitalize on market opportunities. Find out how to spot an altcoin season and
how you can add altcoins to your portfolio on Binance.

Binance is the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem and cryptocurrency
platform. Offering an unmatched financial product suite with hundreds of
altcoins, the platform is trusted by millions of investors and traders
worldwide. Start diversifying your portfolio by registering for a [Binance
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4) today.

## What Is an Altcoin Season?

Altcoin season refers to a period where non-bitcoin cryptocurrencies, known as
[altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable), outperform BTC.

We all know that
[Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin?ref=VJ9G6UC4), the world’s
largest cryptocurrency by [market
capitalization](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/market-
capitalization), or market cap, is widely traded across the globe. In fact, it
commands such a significant portion of the trading volume in [cryptocurrency
markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets) that there is a well-known metric
that compares BTC to non-BTC cryptocurrencies. This metric, aptly named
‘[Bitcoin dominance](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/bitcoin-
dominance)’, is described as the ratio between the market cap of Bitcoin to
the rest of the cryptocurrency markets.

While Bitcoin dominance used to be close to 100%, the presence and rising
popularity of altcoins has led to a fall in the dominance of Bitcoin. When
multiple altcoins gain significant market cap that overtakes Bitcoin’s market
cap, it may signal the start of an altcoin season.

During an altcoin season, altcoins tend to outperform Bitcoin, causing Bitcoin
to lose dominance in the crypto market. Because of this, seasoned traders and
investors with [diversified
portfolios](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/altcoins-to-diversify-
your-portfolio) take note of altcoin seasons to adjust their portfolios
accordingly.

## Why Does an Altcoin Season Happen?

While we cannot pinpoint the exact cause of an altcoin season, there are
factors that contribute to it. Below are two potential factors that could lead
to an altcoin season.

### Moving funds from Bitcoin to other crypto

After a significant upward price movement, the price of Bitcoin will tend to
become more stable. As a result, investors seeking more profitable investment
opportunities might sell their bitcoin for altcoins eventually triggering an
altcoin season. To learn more about market dynamics, you may read [our
explanation of the Wyckoff
Method](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/the-wyckoff-method-explained).

### Changing trends like NFTs and DeFi that involve altcoins

2020 was the year for [DeFi](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/defi). In
2021, it was [NFTs](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/non-fungible-
token-nft). And presently, [Web 3.0 is gaining
popularity](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/web-30-coin-the-newest-
crypto-trend-in-2022-421499824684903194), along with Web 3.0 tokens. The
blockchain space is constantly innovating and evolving – it’s precisely this
never-ending evolution that has given rise to the current pool of altcoins
with strong utility cases today.

Thanks to the ever-evolving nature of the industry, some altcoins might get
more attention than Bitcoin. When traders and investors trade with trends that
feature certain altcoins, the market cap tends to increase. In time, this
could cause an altcoin season.

## 3 Indicators to Spot an Upcoming Altcoin Season

Due to the volatile nature of cryptocurrency, there is no perfect indicator of
an upcoming altcoin season. From historical data, however, there are some
indicators that can possibly signal an altcoin season.

### When Bitcoin is enjoying a bull market run

In the past years, Bitcoin’s [bull
market](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-bull-market) has
often ended with altcoins performing well. This phenomenon can be attributed
to new investors purchasing altcoins because they are more affordable than
Bitcoin, thus making their growth potential more attractive.

### When the prices of large market cap altcoins start to increase

Other than Bitcoin (BTC), there are other popular cryptocurrencies that have
[large market capitalizations](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/most-
visited) as well. When altcoins like BNB and Ether (ETH) enjoy upward price
movements that surpass that of Bitcoin, profits may sometimes flow to other
altcoins as well. This is similar to the logic of investors moving funds from
Bitcoin to other potentially profitable altcoin investments.

### When there are new blockchain trends

The power of blockchain trends has been a strong factor in the performance of
specific altcoins. For example, during the peak of DeFi in 2020, [DeFi
altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-DeFi-tokens) started (and are still)
experiencing growth. The [metaverse
trend](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/investing-in-the-metaverse-crypto-
stocks-gaming--land-421499824684903526) is another trend that spurred the
interest of gamers, fans, and other communities outside of the crypto world.
Since altcoins are fundamental to [accessing the
metaverse](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/why-nfts-are-the-keys-to-
accessing-the-metaverse-421499824684903085), it is no wonder that their
popularity rose when the metaverse took the world by storm. As new [blockchain
trends and milestones](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/6-cryptocurrency-
market-milestones-of-2021-421499824684903265) continue to emerge, the hype
around altcoins involved in these trends will likely follow suit.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220420/69359254-5c5f-48d6-8789-8f76baee9ba5.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/top-10-popular-
altcoins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684902711)

## When is the perfect time to buy altcoins?

There is no right time to buy or sell altcoins. Due to the volatility of
cryptocurrency markets, no one can perfectly time an altcoin season nor
accurately predict how long it will last.

Instead, you should always do your own research
([DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-own-research)) about
the altcoins that you are interested in. It is important to understand their
value within the crypto ecosystem and the risks that may accompany them. Other
than [fundamental analysis](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-
fundamental-analysis-fa), traders that have a shorter time horizon for trading
can also use different [technical
indicators](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-technical-
analysis) to monitor altcoins’ [price
movements](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/price-action) and
[patterns](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/beginners-candlestick-
patterns).

## How to buy altcoins on Binance

Interested in buying altcoins before altcoin season? You can do so on Binance
within minutes. Binance offers a range of payment options for smooth and easy
transactions. Here’s how you can buy altcoins and other crypto while enjoying
lower fees on Binance in two simple steps:

**Step 1:** Make a [fiat
deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD?ref=VJ9G6UC4) via an
e-wallet transfer or bank transfer on Binance. Make sure to check the
available fiat channels for desired currencies. For more information, see our
in-depth guide on [How to Deposit USD via SWIFT](https://www.binance.com/en-
IN/support/faq/f84427e36de641f59ed16e78fcc85679).

**Optional:** Convert the fiat currencies to BUSD or USDT so that you can
trade a greater variety of tokens.

**Step 2:** Purchase your preferred altcoins through a user wallet purchase or
directly with a credit/debit card.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220420/2a9228d6-7554-4541-8f1c-b4d16d0c8b70.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

## Conclusion

For investors and traders looking to [diversify their
portfolios](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/6-cryptocurrency-market-
milestones-of-2021-421499824684903265), altcoins are a good alternative to
Bitcoin. Armed with the knowledge of altcoin season, you can DYOR more
thoroughly before investing in an altcoin of your preference. Register for a
[Binance account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4) to buy
your first altcoin today.

**Ready to start your crypto journey with Binance?**

Sign up for a[ Binance
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the[ Binance
crypto trading
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Next,[ verify your
account](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile) today. Once your
account is verified, there are three main ways to buy cryptocurrencies on
Binance using fiat: you can buy crypto with fiat from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels, or e-wallets options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto).

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to [buy
Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-bitcoin) and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.  

_The article was edited on July 27, 2022._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220420/b0d6da6f-28dd-4654-b4c2-0074c786ec7f.png)

_Disclaimer: Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk. Binance
is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and statements
made in this blog should not be considered financial advice and are not
intended to serve as an investment recommendation.  _

Read the following articles for more information:

  * (Support) [How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the[ App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [Top 10 Popular Altcoins & How To Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/top-10-popular-altcoins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684902711)

  * (Blog) [5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684903486)

  * (Blog) [Web 3.0 Coin: The Newest Crypto Trend in 2022](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/web-30-coin-the-newest-crypto-trend-in-2022-421499824684903194)

  * (Blog) [Metaverse Tokens: What, Why and How To Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/metaverse-tokens-what-why-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903124)

  * (Blog) [Investing In The Metaverse: Crypto, Stocks, Gaming & Land](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/investing-in-the-metaverse-crypto-stocks-gaming--land-421499824684903526)

  * (Academy) [What Is the Metaverse?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-the-metaverse)

195,042,088 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Altcoin Season: What, When, And Why

Main Takeaways:

What Is an Altcoin Season?

Why Does an Altcoin Season Happen?

3 Indicators to Spot an Upcoming Altcoin Season

When is the perfect time to buy altcoins?

How to buy altcoins on Binance

Conclusion

195,042,088 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

