[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ products ](/products)

##  Build complex  
blockchain products  
from scratch

We have been developing smart contracts and building complex blockchain
products.

We speak Rust, GO, Solidity, and other languages — and **we can build things
for you.**

RPC Gateway

Blockchain

Wormhole

CSR

RPC Gateway

Blockchain

Wormhole

CSR

##  extrnode:  
an RPC gateway

Fault-tolerant and disaster-resistant access to RPC nodes are vital for the
ecosystem. We are developing our own battle-tested decentralized RPC gateway
called Extrnode so that any dApp developer can connect to dApp to a
decentralized cluster of RPC nodes and automatically reroute responses if any
node is down.

[Visit extrnode ](https://extrnode.com/)

##  extrnode:  
an RPC gateway

Fault-tolerant and disaster-resistant access to RPC nodes are vital for the
ecosystem. We are developing our own battle-tested decentralized RPC gateway
called Extrnode so that any dApp developer can connect to dApp to a
decentralized cluster of RPC nodes and automatically reroute responses if any
node is down.

[Visit extrnode ](https://extrnode.com/)

##  Blockchain explorer

Everstake is a responsible validator, so transparency is paramount to us. To
ensure this core feature of blockchain tech is maintained properly, we
developed explorers for five major blockchains. Now accurate, on-chain data is
open for everyone to see.

[Visit oasis monitor ](https://oasismonitor.com/)

## Blockchain explorer

Everstake is a responsible validator, so transparency is paramount to us. To
ensure this core feature of blockchain tech is maintained properly, we
developed explorers for five major blockchains. Now accurate, on-chain data is
open for everyone to see.

[Visit oasis monitor ](https://oasismonitor.com/)

##  Wormhole

Wormhole ensures profound cross-chain functionality for numerous blockchains,
including Ethereum and Solana.

Wormhole has turned a blockchain bridge into a flourishing ecosystem and a
developer platform consisting of **modular components** that can be used
independently and swapped at any time to suit the needs of a particular
application.

Everstake has been working with and actively involved in the development of
Wormhole **since 2020**.

[Visit Wormhole ](https://wormhole.com/)

## Wormhole

Wormhole ensures profound cross-chain functionality for numerous blockchains,
including Ethereum and Solana.

Wormhole has turned a blockchain bridge into a flourishing ecosystem and a
developer platform consisting of **modular components** that can be used
independently and swapped at any time to suit the needs of a particular
application.

Everstake has been working with and actively involved in the development of
Wormhole **since 2020**.

[Visit Wormhole ](https://wormhole.com/)

##  CSR products

Everstake is a proud Ukrainian company and a socially responsible business.
Together with Ukraine’s Ministry of Digital Transformation, we co-initiated
**Aid For Ukraine** , a charitable organization that raised over **$60M in
crypto** for the benefit of Ukraine. Thanks to the high proficiency of our
DevOps, the fundraising website withstood all Russian DDoS attacks, of which
there were many.

Aid For Ukraine marks the first-ever instance of a cryptocurrency exchange
directly cooperating with a public financial entity to provide a conduit for
crypto donations.

[MORE ABOUT THIS PROJECT ](/aid-for-ukraine)

## Want to start partnership?

## Let’s talk!

Everstake’s Business Development team is always in search of new ways to be
useful to our partners and exceed their expectations.

[Book a Call ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

## faq

###  What is smart contract development?

+

Smart contract development involves creating self-executing contracts with the
terms of the agreement directly written into lines of code. They automatically
execute transactions without needing an intermediary once predefined
conditions are met. Smart contracts are primarily used on the blockchain,
especially within the realm of decentralized finance (DeFi). Solidity is a
common programming language used for developing smart contracts on the
Ethereum blockchain.

###  How to use blockchain in web development?

+

Incorporating blockchain into web development often involves creating
decentralized applications (dApps). These applications run on a blockchain
network, utilizing its features of transparency, immutability, and
decentralization. To use blockchain in web development, one might need to
leverage tools and frameworks designed for blockchain integration, such as
Truffle Suite for Ethereum. The development involves writing smart contracts,
testing them, deploying them onto a blockchain network, and then creating a
frontend that interacts with these smart contracts.

###  What is blockchain development?

+

Blockchain development involves creating and implementing blockchain
protocols, crafting the architecture of blockchain systems, developing dApps
and smart contracts. This process requires a deep understanding of blockchain
principles, cryptography, and certain programming languages like Solidity,
Rust, or Go. A blockchain developer also needs to understand how consensus
mechanisms work, as they are crucial to maintaining the integrity and security
of the blockchain network.

###  What language is used for blockchain development?

+

The choice of language for blockchain development often depends on the
particular blockchain platform in use. For instance, Solidity is typically
used for creating smart contracts on Ethereum. Other languages commonly used
for blockchain development include:

  * Go and Rust: which are used by many blockchain platforms due to their efficiency and control over system resources;
  * JavaScript: which, with its numerous frameworks and libraries, can be used in blockchain development, especially for creating front-end user interfaces;
  * Python: which is prized for its simplicity and readability, making it a good choice for blockchain development, particularly for educational and experimental projects.

## Trust engineers with a proven

## track record and long-term vision

Everstake was founded in 2018 by [ Sergey Vasylchuk
](https://twitter.com/sergattic), an engineer with 15 years of experience
involved in the blockchain industry since 2014. Out of 125+ people currently
onboard, 75% are devs and engineers.

[about us ](/about)

128

people currently onboard

[Sergey Vasylchuk CEO 1,980 followers ![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)](https://twitter.com/sergattic)[Bohdan
Opryshko COO 1,355 followers ![photo of Bohdan Opryshko, COO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/bohdan_opryshko.b6d22d7.webp)](https://twitter.com/bo_opryshko)[Alina
Tielnova Head of Staking 6,358 followers ![photo of Alina Tielnova, Head of
Staking in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/alina_tielnova.14b5731.webp)](https://twitter.com/ATielnova)[Anna
Petrenko R&D Lead 1,110 followers ![photo of Anna Petrenko, R&D Lead in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/anna_petrenko.f168aad.webp)](https://twitter.com/anna_petrenkoo)[Ryan
Lukas Head of Business Development book a call followers ![photo of Ryan
Lukas, Head of Business Development in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/ryan_lukas.6ebec41.webp)](https://calendly.com/everstake-
meeting/30min)

[Sergey Vasylchuk CEO  1,980 followers ![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)](https://twitter.com/sergattic)[Bohdan
Opryshko COO  1,355 followers ![photo of Bohdan Opryshko, COO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/bohdan_opryshko.b6d22d7.webp)](https://twitter.com/bo_opryshko)[Alina
Tielnova Head of Staking  6,358 followers ![photo of Alina Tielnova, Head of
Staking in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/alina_tielnova.14b5731.webp)](https://twitter.com/ATielnova)[Anna
Petrenko R&D Lead  1,110 followers ![photo of Anna Petrenko, R&D Lead in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/anna_petrenko.f168aad.webp)](https://twitter.com/anna_petrenkoo)[Ryan
Lukas Head of Business Development  book a call followers ![photo of Ryan
Lukas, Head of Business Development in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/ryan_lukas.6ebec41.webp)](https://calendly.com/everstake-
meeting/30min)

#  Blockchain & Smart Contract Development

#### Table of Contents

  1. Full Guide on Blockchain and Smart Contract Development
    1. Overview of Blockchain Development
    2. Importance of Smart Contract Development
  2. Benefits of Blockchain and Smart Contract Development with Everstake
    1. Key Offerings from Trusted Blockchain Development Company
    2. The Role of Security and Automation
    3. Exploring Non-custodial Services Offered by Everstake
  3. The Importance of Secure Development
    1. The Critical Need for Security in Blockchain Development
    2. Ensuring Secure Development: Strategies Adopted by Top Blockchain Platforms
  4. Getting Started with Blockchain and Smart Contract Development
    1. A Step-by-step Guide to Blockchain and Smart Contract Development
  5. Conclusion
    1. Summarizing the Offerings of Leading Development Platforms
  6. FAQ
    1. What is smart contract development?
    2. How to use blockchain in web development?
    3. What is blockchain development?
    4. What language is used for blockchain development?

As a reputable name in the staking space, Everstake has also established a
strong foothold in the field of Blockchain and Smart Contract development.

The company specializes in providing a wide range of blockchain solutions,
covering everything from the development of custom blockchain platforms to the
creation and deployment of advanced smart contracts.

##  Full Guide on Blockchain and Smart Contract Development

The growing interest in decentralized systems has put Blockchain and Smart
Contract Development in the spotlight. This guide provides an overview of
these critical areas and sheds light on their importance in the contemporary
tech landscape.

###  Overview of Blockchain Development

Blockchain Development involves creating and implementing a decentralized,
distributed ledger system that can securely record digital transactions across
multiple computers. This ensures transparency, eliminates the risk of data
tampering, and reduces the need for intermediaries. It can be applied to a
myriad of industries, including finance, supply chain, healthcare, and more.

Blockchain development can range from developing new cryptocurrencies to
creating decentralized applications (dApps), among other services. A
blockchain developer typically works with a specific blockchain platform like
Ethereum, Solana, or Polkadot and uses programming languages such as Solidity,
Rust, or Go to develop these applications.

As a leading blockchain development company, Everstake offers blockchain
development services that are customizable and use cutting-edge technology.
Staking service platform Everstake's team of blockchain developers is adept at
developing highly secure and scalable solutions tailored to the clients'
needs.

###  Importance of Smart Contract Development

Smart contracts are self-executing contracts with the terms of the agreement
directly written into lines of code. These contracts run on blockchain, making
them transparent, traceable, and irreversible. They help automate the
execution of processes, reduce the possibility of errors, and eliminate the
need for trusted intermediaries.

Smart contract development has become essential in various industries,
especially in decentralized finance (DeFi). They enable the creation of
decentralized exchanges, lending platforms, yield farming, and more.

Solidity is the most widely used programming language for writing smart
contracts, especially for applications on the Ethereum blockchain. Staking
platform Everstake offers smart contract development services, including DeFi
smart contract development.

Its developers use Solidity to create secure and reliable smart contracts for
various applications. Their services are designed to cater to the evolving
demands of the blockchain ecosystem, thereby contributing to the progression
and growth of the DeFi space.

##  Benefits of Blockchain and Smart Contract Development with Everstake

### Key Offerings from Trusted Blockchain Development Company

Everstake is a reputable entity in the blockchain development landscape, well-
known for its comprehensive range of offerings. As a full-service blockchain
development company, Everstake specializes in providing customized solutions,
from crafting new blockchain systems to the development of decentralized
applications (dApps). The company employs a team of seasoned blockchain
developers who are adept at working with various blockchain protocols,
including Ethereum, Solana, and Polkadot.

The versatility of Everstake extends to smart contract development as well.
Using Solidity, a popular language for writing smart contracts on the Ethereum
blockchain, Everstake's developers create secure and reliable smart contracts.
These contracts are designed to automate processes, reduce the chance of human
errors, and improve efficiency. Everstake's smart contract development
services cater to various sectors, including decentralized finance (DeFi),
where smart contracts form the backbone of many applications.

### The Role of Security and Automation

The security of blockchain systems and the automation brought about by smart
contracts are two of the crucial benefits provided by Everstake. In terms of
security, Everstake's blockchain solutions are designed to be tamper-
resistant, ensuring that the data stored on the blockchain remains unalterable
and trustworthy. This high level of security is essential for many industries,
such as finance and healthcare, where data integrity is paramount.

Everstake's smart contracts bring a high level of automation, minimizing the
need for manual processes and reducing the potential for errors. These
contracts automatically execute transactions when predefined conditions are
met, eliminating the need for intermediaries and improving efficiency. This
automation is particularly beneficial in sectors like DeFi, where smart
contracts drive most of the functionalities of protocols.

### Wide Network Compatibility

The top liquid staking platforms provide extensive network compatibility,
enabling users to stake multiple types of cryptocurrencies. Everstake, for
instance, supports a variety of Proof of Stake (PoS) chains. This wide network
compatibility offers users an unmatched level of flexibility and choice in
their staking activities, allowing them to diversify their portfolio and
reduce potential risks.

### Exploring Non-custodial Services Offered by Everstake

Emphasizing the ethos of decentralization, Everstake offers non-custodial
services. This means that users retain complete control over their private
keys, and by extension, their funds. Non-custodial services are critical in
maintaining users' control and privacy, two principles that are at the heart
of blockchain technology.

In offering these non-custodial services, Everstake ensures that users can
enjoy all the benefits of blockchain technology, such as transparency,
immutability, and security, while retaining full control over their digital
assets. This strikes a balance between providing advanced blockchain solutions
and respecting the principles of decentralization and user autonomy, making
Everstake a preferred choice for many seeking blockchain and smart contract
development services.

##  The Importance of Secure Development

Security stands at the forefront of any blockchain development project. The
decentralized and immutable nature of blockchain makes it a potentially
attractive target for various security threats. Therefore, ensuring the secure
development of blockchain platforms and smart contracts is critical.

###  The Critical Need for Security in Blockchain Development

The importance of security in blockchain development cannot be overstated.
Blockchain networks, by their very nature, are decentralized and distribute
data across multiple nodes. While this design provides robustness against data
tampering and single points of failure, it also exposes the system to
potential threats.

A breach in a blockchain network could lead to irreversible damage, given the
immutable nature of blockchain transactions. This makes securing blockchain
systems a top priority. Moreover, as blockchain finds more applications across
industries like finance, supply chain, and healthcare, the need for secure
development becomes even more crucial.

Specifically, for smart contract development, security is paramount. Smart
contracts, being self-executing pieces of code, could be exploited if not
properly developed and audited. An error in a smart contract could potentially
lead to significant financial losses.

###  Ensuring Secure Development: Strategies Adopted by Top Blockchain
Platforms

Top blockchain staking platforms like Everstake prioritize secure development
through various strategies. This typically involves the following steps:

  * **Secure Coding Practices:** Developers adhere to secure coding guidelines to minimize the risk of errors that could lead to security vulnerabilities. This often involves the use of programming languages specifically designed for blockchain and smart contract development, like Solidity. 
  * **Thorough Testing:** Extensive testing is carried out to identify and rectify any potential security issues. This includes unit testing, integration testing, and also specialized testing techniques like fuzzing. 
  * **Smart Contract Auditing:** In the case of smart contract development, auditing the contracts is a crucial step. This involves examining the smart contract code to identify any potential vulnerabilities that could be exploited. 
  * **Continual Updates and Patches:** Secure development is an ongoing process. As new threats emerge, blockchain platforms need to be updated and patched accordingly. 

##  Getting Started with Blockchain and Smart Contract Development

Whether you're aiming to develop a new blockchain system or implement smart
contracts, getting started with blockchain and smart contract development
requires careful planning and execution.

###  A Step-by-step Guide to Blockchain and Smart Contract Development

  1. **Identify the Use Case:** The first step is to identify the problem you are trying to solve and how blockchain technology can help. Is it a problem that can benefit from decentralization and transparency? Could smart contracts automate complex processes? 
  2. **Choose the Right Blockchain Platform:** Depending on your use case, you might choose different blockchain platforms. Ethereum is popular for its smart contract functionality, while Solana offers high throughput and low fees. 
  3. **Learn the Blockchain Development Language:** Learn a programming language that is commonly used for blockchain development. Solidity is the most used language for Ethereum smart contracts, while Rust and C are used for Solana. 
  4. **Start Developing:** Begin your development process. This may involve writing smart contracts or developing your blockchain's architecture. Remember to follow best coding practices to ensure the security and efficiency of your code. 
  5. **Test Rigorously:** Test your smart contracts or blockchain thoroughly. Look out for any security vulnerabilities or inefficiencies. Consider employing a third party to conduct an audit of your code. 
  6. **Deploy and Maintain:** Once you've tested your code thoroughly, you can deploy your blockchain or smart contract. But your job isn't over. You'll need to provide regular updates and maintenance to ensure ongoing security and efficiency. 

It's also important to note that the world of blockchain and smart contract
development is ever-evolving, and staying updated on the latest trends and
advancements is crucial.

Engaging a seasoned blockchain development service provider like Everstake can
ensure a streamlined and updated approach to your blockchain development
journey.

* * *

## Conclusion

###  Summarizing the Offerings of Leading Development Platforms

In the dynamic and ever-evolving landscape of blockchain technology, choosing
the right development platform can make a significant difference. A leading
blockchain development company like Everstake provides a suite of services
that cater to diverse needs, from the development of new blockchain systems to
the creation of robust smart contracts.

Everstake's key offerings as a trusted blockchain development company ensure
customized and innovative blockchain solutions for businesses across various
sectors. The team of seasoned blockchain developers at Everstake is adept at
working with various blockchain protocols and languages, offering versatile
solutions to their clients.

Staking service platform Everstake stands out in the industry with its strong
emphasis on security and automation. The company offers secure, tamper-
resistant blockchain solutions and develops smart contracts that automate
transaction processes, thereby improving efficiency and reducing potential
errors.

Furthermore, Everstake provides non-custodial services, ensuring that users
retain full control over their digital assets while enjoying the benefits of
blockchain technology, like transparency, immutability, and security.

To get started with blockchain and smart contract development, businesses can
follow a methodical approach that involves identifying the use case, choosing
the right blockchain platform, learning the required languages, developing,
testing, and finally, deploying and maintaining the solutions.

With a robust portfolio and a commitment to security, customization, and user
empowerment, Everstake remains an excellent choice for businesses seeking to
leverage the power of blockchain and smart contract development.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

Everstake

642 subscribers

[Invest In Peace, Bro. That's What We Coo (Doves of Peace feat. Vice Prime
Minister of Ukraine)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwaL7CJOaqg)

[]()

Everstake

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwaL7CJOaqg&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Feverstake.one%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 2:47•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwaL7CJOaqg "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwaL7CJOaqg), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

