[](/)

[Projects](/projects) [Member Perks](/member-perks) [Collab with us
](/collaborate)

[Projects](/projects) [Member Perks](/member-perks) [Collab with us
](/collaborate)

![](data:image/webp;base64,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)

# Exclusive Perks for Members

being a superteam member comes with many perks, check them out below.

Live Now

## Hrdalo & Krnic Legal Services

Up to 100% discounts on legal services and consulting sessions from Hrdalo &
Krnic law firm. DM @josipvolarevic on Telegram for more details.

[ ](https://www.hkod.hr/post/hrdalo-krnic-law-firm-partners-with-superteam-
balkan-to-bring-relaxed-legal-to-solana)

## Preferential Access to Instagrants

We will recommend high quality applications from Superteam Members to the
grantor teams.

[ ](https://earn.superteam.fun/grants/)

## w3.hub

15% discount on Flex Desks for the first 3 months.

[ ](https://twitter.com/w3_fund/status/1751939077148979375)

## Sec3

Discounted access (code: SUPERTEAM) + extra scans for open sourced projects

[ ](https://www.sec3.dev/)

## Crypto Tax Calculator

Discounted access (code: SUPERTEAM15) on your tax calculation.

[ ](https://cryptotaxcalculator.io/)

## Webacy

50% lifetime discount on the Webacy Pro Plan. Discount Code: SUPERTEAM24

[ ](https://dapp.webacy.com/)

## Exclusive Earning with RFPs

Preferential access for Members with high XP for RFPs put out by Superteam and
our partners (like Solana Foundation, Backpack, etc.)

[ ](https://in.superteam.fun/open-rfps)

## FYEO

40% off on audits, threat monitoring, and dynamic wallet testing

[ ](https://www.fyeo.io/superteam-partnership)

## Preferential Access to Fellowships

Expedited application process for cohorts and fellowships held through
Superteam (e.g: Solana India Fellowship, Taptive Writers' Cohort, etc.)

## Community Calls

Invite-only weekly events with the rest of the Superteam community.

[ ](https://lu.ma/superteam)

## Job Placements

Members with high XP get bespoke career consulting and recruiting support by
our partners at BEExperience.

[ ](https://beexperience.io/)

## Pizza Fund - Events and Workshops

Microgrants of up to $200 USDC to organize Solana and Superteam adjacent meet-
ups.

[ ](https://earn.superteam.fun/listings/grants/superteam-pizza-fund/)

## Cudis

Members get a special discount for the CUDIS AI-empowered smart ring. To
claim, connect the wallet with your Member NFT.

[ ](https://www.cudis.xyz/)

## Orange DAO

Expedited Review for the Orange DAO Fellowship S24

[ ](https://fam.orangedao.xyz/superteam)

## Ironforge

Free access to the Ironforge Pro Tier plan for 2 months (code: SUPERTEAM)

[ ](https://www.ironforge.cloud/)

## SpringX Solana Accelerator

We will recommend our best teams to the SpringX Accelerator Program kicking
off at the Solana APAC Summit in Malaysia in June 2024.

[ ](https://www.springx.net/join)

## Project Advisory

Get mentorship and support as you build your project across development,
product, and fundraising.

Completed

## Code Wallet

Early Access to Code, the simplest way to send money. (code: superteam)

[ ](https://www.getcode.com)

## Breakpoint Tickets

Members with high XP got a free ticket to Breakpoint 2023 held in Amsterdam,
Netherlands in November 2023.

[ ](https://solana.com/breakpoint)

## $DEAN Airdrop

500 $DEAN (Native token of the Deanslist community)

[ ](https://deanmachine.medium.com/wen-one-of-us-sir-deans-list-token-
airdrop-9436d01bb447)

## Mad Lads WL

1 Mad Lads WL spot

[ ](https://www.madlads.com)

## Holaplex

5000 credits for Holaplex's HUB product that you can use to easily launch NFT
campaigns, mint digital collectibles, run loyalty programs, and more.

[ ](https://www.holaplex.com/)

## Helius Access

30% off on Helius' RPC services (Open a ticket in their discord and show your
member NFT to claim)

[ ](https://www.helius.dev/)

## $BERN Airdrop

10,000 $BERN, the first coin built on the Solana Token-2022 standard.

[
](https://twitter.com/bonkearn/status/1662481195064541189?s=46&t=iQOfgRYukk1lwbkNIGAzrw)

## Shyft

Free access to the Shyft Launch plan for 2 months.

[ ](https://shyft.to/)

## $DWH Airdrop

4606 $DWH

[ ](https://www.devwifhat.xyz/)

## $SAROS Airdrop

50k $SAROS

[ ](https://blog.saros.finance/saros-community-airdrop-first-wave/)

## .superteam Domain

.superteam domain name through AllDomains, the decentralized protocol for your
Web3 ID

[ ](https://twitter.com/AllDomains_/status/1692161236719321263)

## Backpack Invite Codes

Early access to Backpack, the next generation crypto wallet.

[ ](https://www.backpack.app)

## $BLAZE Airdrop

6200 $BLZE

[ ](https://solblaze.org/)

## $L Airdrop

11389 $L

[ ](https://lorm.wtf/)

## Flash Beasts WL

1 Flash Beasts WL spot for Superteam India Members (Top 20 by XP)

[ ](https://twitter.com/FlashTrade_/status/1735388315501863347)

## Juno Finance Invite Codes

Exclusive access to a US bank account setup through Juno

[ ](https://juno.finance/)

## Chainstack

Free access to the Chainstack Growth Plan for 2 months.

[ ](https://chainstack.com)

## Descrypt

30% off on crypto tax filing services (code: SUPERTEAM30)

[ ](https://www.descrypt.com/)

## $BONK Airdrop

25 Billion $BONK

[ ](https://www.bonkcoin.com/)

Coming Soon

## Irys (prev. Bundlr)

Irys enables users to scale permanent data. Data storage with Irys is
permanent, precise, and unconstrained.

[ ](https://irys.xyz/)

## Superteam Dealflow

Global Superteam members seeking venture capital are featured in a weekly
newsletter sent to our network of investing partners.

[ ](https://airtable.com/appKu5Z2R3sxR16hK/shrPPmeQSLVZH5b0S)

## Merch

Ridiculously comfortable. Ludicrously goodlooking. Only available for Members.

## Business Incorporation

The Superteam community will support you in getting your company incorporated,
obtain a business license, and all the essentials to launch your crypto
business successfully.

![](/_app/immutable/assets/superteam_footer.f45ab4df.svg)

superteam

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/SuperteamDAO)
[Email](mailto:hello@superteam.fun) [Blog](https://superteam.substack.com/)
[Podcast](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCi-pkXLbm7sqXFhV1NBLUfQ)

[SuperteamIN](https://in.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamDE](https://de.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamTR](https://tr.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamVN](https://vn.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamMX](https://mx.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamUK](https://uk.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamUAE](https://uae.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamNG](https://ng.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamBR](https://br.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamBLKN](https://blkn.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamMY](https://my.superteam.fun/)
[SuperteamPHL](https://phl.superteam.fun/)

