![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/amankan-wallet-anda)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/assegura-el-teu-moneder)
      * [Dansk](/da/sikr-din-tegnebog)
      * [Deutsch](/de/sichern-sie-ihre-wallet)
      * [English](/en/secure-your-wallet)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/asegure-su-monedero)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/securiser-porte-monnaie)
      * [Italiano](/it/proteggi-il-portafoglio)
      * [Magyar](/hu/vedje-meg-penztarcajat)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/beveilig-uw-portemonnee)
      * [Polski](/pl/zabezpiecz-swoj-portfel)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/proteja-sua-carteira)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/securizeaza-portofelul)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/zavarujte-svojo-denarnico)
      * [Srpski](/sr/sigurnost-vaseg-novcanik)
      * [Svenska](/sv/sakra-din-planbok)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/cuzdaninizi-guvenceye-almak)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/secure-your-wallet)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/secure-your-wallet)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/secure-your-wallet)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ááááá](/km/secure-your-wallet)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/secure-your-wallet)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Securing your wallet

Like in real life, your wallet must be secured. Bitcoin makes it possible to
transfer value anywhere in a very easy way and it allows you to be in control
of your money. Such great features also come with great security concerns. At
the same time, Bitcoin can provide very high levels of security if used
correctly. **Always remember that it is your responsibility to adopt good
practices in order to protect your money**.

View All

  * Be careful with online services
  * Small amounts for everyday uses
  * Backup your wallet
    * Backup your entire wallet
    * Encrypt online backups
    * Use many secure locations
    * Make regular backups
  * Encrypt your wallet
    * Never forget your password
    * Use a strong password
  * Offline wallet for savings
    * Offline transaction signing
    * Hardware wallets
  * Keep your software up to date
  * Multi-signature to protect against theft
  * Think about your testament

## Be careful with online services

You should be wary of any service designed to store your money online. Many
exchanges and online wallets suffered from security breaches in the past and
such services generally still do not provide enough insurance and security to
be used to store money like a bank. Accordingly, you might want to use other
types of [Bitcoin wallets](/en/choose-your-wallet). Otherwise, you should
choose such services very carefully. Additionally, using two-factor
authentication is recommended.

## Small amounts for everyday uses

A Bitcoin wallet is like a wallet with cash. If you wouldn't keep a thousand
dollars in your pocket, you might want to have the same consideration for your
Bitcoin wallet. In general, it is a good practice to keep only small amounts
of bitcoins on your computer, mobile, or server for everyday uses and to keep
the remaining part of your funds in a safer environment.

## Backup your wallet

Stored in a safe place, a backup of your wallet can protect you against
computer failures and many human mistakes. It can also allow you to recover
your wallet after your mobile or computer was stolen if you keep your wallet
encrypted.

### Backup your entire wallet

Some wallets use many hidden private keys internally. If you only have a
backup of the private keys for your visible Bitcoin addresses, you might not
be able to recover a great part of your funds with your backup.

### Encrypt online backups

Any backup that is stored online is highly vulnerable to theft. Even a
computer that is connected to the Internet is vulnerable to malicious
software. As such, encrypting any backup that is exposed to the network is a
good security practice.

### Use many secure locations

Single points of failure are bad for security. If your backup is not dependent
of a single location, it is less likely that any bad event will prevent you to
recover your wallet. You might also want to consider using different medias
like USB keys, papers and CDs.

### Make regular backups

You need to backup your wallet on a regular basis to make sure that all recent
Bitcoin change addresses and all new Bitcoin addresses you created are
included in your backup. However, all applications will be soon using wallets
that only need to be backed up once.

## Encrypt your wallet

Encrypting your wallet or your smartphone allows you to set a password for
anyone trying to withdraw any funds. This helps protect against thieves,
though it cannot protect against keylogging hardware or software.

### Never forget your password

You should make sure you never forget the password or your funds will be
permanently lost. Unlike your bank, there are very limited password recovery
options with Bitcoin. In fact, you should be able to remember your password
even after many years without using it. In doubt, you might want to keep a
paper copy of your password in a safe place like a vault.

### Use a strong password

Any password that contains only letters or recognizable words can be
considered very weak and easy to break. A strong password must contain
letters, numbers, punctuation marks and must be at least 16 characters long.
The most secure passwords are those generated by programs designed
specifically for that purpose. Strong passwords are usually harder to
remember, so you should take care in memorizing it.

## Offline wallet for savings

An offline wallet, also known as cold storage, provides the highest level of
security for savings. It involves storing a wallet in a secured place that is
not connected to the network. When done properly, it can offer a very good
protection against computer vulnerabilities. Using an offline wallet in
conjunction with backups and encryption is also a good practice. Here is an
overview of some approaches.

### Offline transaction signing

This approach involves having two computers sharing some parts of the same
wallet. The first one must be disconnected from any network. It is the only
one that holds the entire wallet and is able to sign transactions. The second
computer is connected to the network and only has a watching wallet that can
only create unsigned transactions. This way, you can securely issue new
transactions with the following steps.

  1. Create a new transaction on the online computer and save it on an USB key.
  2. Sign the transaction with the offline computer.
  3. Send the signed transaction with the online computer.

Because the computer that is connected to the network cannot sign
transactions, it cannot be used to withdraw any funds if it is compromised.
[Armory](https://bitcoinarmory.com/tutorials/armory-advanced-features/offline-
wallets/) can be used to do offline transaction signature.

### Hardware wallets

Hardware wallets are the best balance between very high security and ease of
use. These are little devices that are designed from the root to be a wallet
and nothing else. No software can be installed on them, making them very
secure against computer vulnerabilities and online thieves. Because they can
allow backup, you can recover your funds if you lose the device.

## Keep your software up to date

Using the latest version of your Bitcoin software allows you to receive
important stability and security fixes. Updates can prevent problems of
various severity, include new useful features and help keep your wallet safe.
Installing updates for all other software on your computer or mobile is also
important to keep your wallet environment safer.

## Multi-signature to protect against theft

Bitcoin includes a multi-signature feature that allows a transaction to
require multiple independent approvals to be spent. This can be used by an
organization to give its members access to its treasury while only allowing a
withdrawal if 3 of 5 members sign the transaction. Some web wallets also
provide multi-signature wallets, allowing the user to keep control over their
money while preventing a thief from stealing funds by compromising a single
device or server.

## Think about your testament

Your bitcoins can be lost forever if you don't have a backup plan for your
peers and family. If the location of your wallets or your passwords are not
known by anyone when you are gone, there is no hope that your funds will ever
be recovered. Taking a bit of time on these matters can make a huge
difference.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/amankan-wallet-anda)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/assegura-el-teu-moneder)
      * [Dansk](/da/sikr-din-tegnebog)
      * [Deutsch](/de/sichern-sie-ihre-wallet)
      * [English](/en/secure-your-wallet)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/asegure-su-monedero)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/securiser-porte-monnaie)
      * [Italiano](/it/proteggi-il-portafoglio)
      * [Magyar](/hu/vedje-meg-penztarcajat)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/beveilig-uw-portemonnee)
      * [Polski](/pl/zabezpiecz-swoj-portfel)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/proteja-sua-carteira)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/securizeaza-portofelul)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/zavarujte-svojo-denarnico)
      * [Srpski](/sr/sigurnost-vaseg-novcanik)
      * [Svenska](/sv/sakra-din-planbok)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/cuzdaninizi-guvenceye-almak)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/secure-your-wallet)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/secure-your-wallet)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/secure-your-wallet)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/secure-your-wallet)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ááááá](/km/secure-your-wallet)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/secure-your-wallet)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/secure-your-wallet)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

