  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Security](/blog?category=Security)  >  [What
Are Passkeys?](/blog/what-are-passkeys)

##### Security

# What Are Passkeys?

Published on: Feb 23, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What Are Passkeys and How Are They Used in Crypto Wallets Like SWIFT?**
  * **The Benefits of Passkeys**
  * **The Benefits of Using Passkeys**
  * **Creating a Passkey for Your SWIFT Wallet**
  * **Where are SWIFT Wallet Passkeys Stored?**
  * **Frequently Asked Questions**

##### In Brief

Learn how passkeys enhance security for Trust Wallet SWIFT users. Discover how
passkeys work and how to recover your wallet using one.

![What Are Passkeys?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FWhat_Are_Passkeys_8b25eccd87.png&w=3840&q=75)

In this guide, you’ll learn why passkeys are important, how to create a
passkey for your SWIFT wallet, and how to recover your wallet in the event
that you lose your device, wallet or cloud account.

### Key Takeaways:

  * In Trust Wallet SWIFT, **a passkey is used instead of a password or 12-word secret phrase** to secure and recover your wallet.

  * Your passkey is **linked** to your iCloud or Google account.

  * Passkeys are end-to-end encrypted so Apple, Google and other third-parties can’t read them.

  * To access Trust Wallet SWIFT ensure you have the most updated version of Trust Wallet, and use [these instructions](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-trust-wallet-swift) to get started.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What Are Passkeys and How Are They Used in Crypto Wallets Like SWIFT?

Passkeys offer an alternative to traditional passwords and cryptographic
secret phrases, delivering quicker, simpler, and more secure access to
websites, as well as apps like Trust Wallet SWIFT, across various devices.
Based on FIDO Alliance (which includes Google, Apple, Microsoft, and more) and
W3C standards, passkeys operate through the use of cryptographic key pairs.
The private key is securely stored on your device or in a password manager and
verifies your identity, while the public key is communicated to the app or
website's server. This allows for immediate setup and access to your accounts.

With Trust Wallet's SWIFT feature, a passkey replaces the traditional password
or 12-word secret phrase for wallet protection and recovery. This eliminates
the need for users to remember or manage these complex passwords and phrases,
which can be easily lost, forgotten, or compromised. The main advantage here
is the simplified access and recovery process, ensuring the security of your
data and assets.

## The Benefits of Passkeys

Passkeys come with key benefits including ease-of-use and safety.
Additionally, in the case of Trust Wallet SWIFT, Passkeys take the complexity
out of managing and recovering your wallet. Passkeys allow you to access and
recover your wallet without needing a password or a 12-word secret phrase. You
just need to use your fingerprint, face recognition, PIN, or swipe pattern to
verify your identity and create a passkey. This is revolutionary for Web3
because often, people new to the space are sidelined by the complexity and
risk of managing secret phrases.

![Group 1424358411.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358411_0a4b85f92d.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The Benefits of Using Passkeys

**End-to-end encryption:** Passkeys are end-to-end encrypted, meaning that not
even Apple and Google can access them. This ensures a secure, private
connection between an individual and your app or website.

**Improved security:** The security is enhanced because each key is uniquely
associated with the app or website for which it was created. This prevents
accidental sign-ins to fraudulent apps or websites. Furthermore, with servers
only storing public keys, the likelihood of hacking is significantly reduced.

**Strong credentials:** Passkeys are inherently robust. They cannot be
guessed, reused, or compromised.

**Safe from server leaks:** Since servers only store public keys, they are
less appealing targets for hackers.

**Safe from phishing:** Passkeys are directly linked to the specific app or
website they were created for, eliminating the risk of being deceived into
using a passkey on a fraudulent app or website.

**Convenient storage and backup options:** Passkeys can be stored in your
browser (Chrome), on Apple, Google, or Microsoft devices, in a password
manager, or on iCloud/Microsoft/Google cloud. With Trust Wallet SWIFT, the
passkey is stored under "Passwords" within your Settings for Apple iOS
devices, and in your Google Password Manager for Android devices.

Generally speaking, Passkeys can be stored in your, Browser (chrome), Apple,
Google, or Microsoft device, Password manager, iCloud/Microsoft/Google cloud.
With Trust Wallet SWIFT passkey is saved under
[Passwords](https://support.apple.com/en-sg/HT211146) within your Settings for
Apple iOS devices, and to your Google Password Manager for Android devices.

## Creating a Passkey for Your SWIFT Wallet

A passkey is **automatically created when you create a SWIFT Wallet**.
Passkeys are encrypted digital keys which you create using your fingerprint or
face biometrics. The process is seamless and the passkey is securely saved to
your password manager so you can access or [recover your SWIFT
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/trust-wallet-swift-understanding-
passkeys-and-recoverability) from other devices.

![Group 1424358413.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGroup_1424358413_b37ca0a41e.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Where are SWIFT Wallet Passkeys Stored?

Your passkey is associated with the iCloud or Google account you're signed
into when creating your SWIFT wallet.

  * **For Apple devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved under Passwords within your Settings.

  * **For Android devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved to your Google Password Manager.

We don’t recommend editing or deleting your passkey. If you do, you could lose
access to your wallet and all funds.

**Note on Apple devices:** Ensure your Password and Keychain is turned “ON”.
This will ensure your passkey is saved to your iCloud account, making
recoverability possible on other devices. To do this, go to:

**Settings → Your Name → iCloud → Password and Keychain (turn this ON)**

## Frequently Asked Questions

### Why use passkeys instead of a secret phrase or password?

Passkeys are more secure than passwords and safer than traditional secret
phrases. This is because they are less vulnerable to phishing attacks, and
less prone to getting lost—as they are associated with your device and
biometric data.

Passkeys are protected on your device by your fingerprint or face biometrics,
and uses your cloud account to sync across devices you sign into with your
cloud account. This makes your SWIFT secure and recoverable. In short,
passkeys streamline access and recoverability to your SWIFT wallet.

### What happens if I lose access to my device or my iCloud/Google account?

If you lose access to your device, you can recover your SWIFT wallet on
another device as long as you have access to your iCloud or Google account. If
not, please use the recovery process for [Apple](https://support.apple.com/en-
sg/HT204921) or
[Google](https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/7682439?hl=en), and be
sure to follow up with their appropriate support teams for assistance.

### Can I import a wallet from my Apple device to an Android device and vice
versa?

Not currently, as passkeys created on either Apple or Android devices are not
cross-ecosystem compatible. Apple and Google are reported to be working on a
solution, however, until then users would have to use the identical ecosystem
they used for creation to import the wallet.

### Where is the passkey stored on my device?

  * **For Apple devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved under saved Passwords.

  * **For Android devices:** Your SWIFT wallet passkey is saved to your Google Password Manager.

### Do I need to back up my passkey?

Your passkey is automatically saved to your device's password manager, so they
are backed up by default. You can however, take further steps to export your
passkey on Android or share passkeys from iCloud Keychain with your trusted
contacts—keeping in mind that only your biometrics can decrypt your passkey,
keeping it safe.

  

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

