Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Staking](/en/staking/)/
  3. [Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)

# Pooled staking

  * Stake and earn rewards with any amount of ETH by joining forces with others
  * Skip the hard part and entrust validator operation to a third-party
  * Hold staking tokens in your own wallet

On this page

  * What are staking pools?
  * Why stake with a pool?
  * What to consider
  * Explore staking pools
  * Frequently asked questions
  * Further reading

![Leslie the rhino swimming in the
pool.](/_next/image/?url=%2Fstaking%2Fleslie-pool.png&w=828&q=75)

Staking Options

[Staking home](/en/staking/)[Solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)[Staking as a
service](/en/staking/saas/)[Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)[About
withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

## On this page

  * What are staking pools?
  * Why stake with a pool?
  * What to consider
  * Explore staking pools
  * Frequently asked questions
  * Further reading

## What are staking pools?

Staking pools are a collaborative approach to allow many with smaller amounts
of ETH to obtain the 32 ETH required to activate a set of validator keys.
Pooling functionality is not natively supported within the protocol, so
solutions were built out separately to address this need.

Some pools operate using smart contracts, where funds can be deposited to a
contract, which trustlessly manages and tracks your stake, and issues you a
token that represents this value. Other pools may not involve smart contracts
and are instead mediated off-chain.

## Why stake with a pool?

In addition to the benefits we outlined in our [intro to
staking](/en/staking/), staking with a pool comes with a number of distinct
benefits.

![üêü](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f41f.svg)

### Low barrier to entry

Not a whale? No problem. Most staking pools let you stake virtually any amount
of ETH by joining forces with other stakers, unlike staking solo which
requires 32 ETH.

![‚è±Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/23f1.svg)

### Stake today

Staking with a pool is as easy as a token swap. No need to worry about
hardware setup and node maintenance. Pools allow you to deposit your ETH which
enables node operators to run validators. Rewards are then distributed to
contributors minus a fee for node operations.

![üíß](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4a7.svg)

### Staking tokens

Many staking pools provide a token that represents a claim on your staked ETH
and the rewards it generates. This allows you to make use of your staked ETH,
e.g. as collateral in DeFi applications.

## Comparison with other options

### Solo staking

Pooled staking has a significantly lower barrier to entry when compared to
solo staking, but comes with additional risk by delegating all node operations
to a third-party, and with a fee. Solo staking gives full sovereignty and
control over the choices that go into choosing a staking setup. Stakers never
have to hand over their keys, and they earn full rewards without any middlemen
taking a cut.

[Learn more about solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)

### Staking as a service (SaaS)

These are similar in that stakers do not run the validator software
themselves, but unlike pooling options, SaaS requires a full 32 ETH deposit to
activate a validator. Rewards accumulate to the staker, and usually involve a
monthly fee or other stake to use the service. If you'd prefer your own
validator keys and are looking to stake at least 32 ETH, using a SaaS provider
may be a good option for you.

[Learn more about staking as a service](/en/staking/saas/)

## What to consider

Pooled or delegated staking is not natively supported by the Ethereum
protocol, but given the demand for users to stake less than 32 ETH a growing
number of solutions have been built out to serve this demand.

Each pool and the tools or smart contracts they use have been built out by
different teams, and each comes with benefits and risks. Pools enable users to
swap their ETH for a token representing staked ETH. The token is useful
because it allows users to swap any amount of ETH to an equivalent amount of a
yield-bearing token that generates a return from the staking rewards applied
to the underlying staked ETH (and vice versa) on decentralized exchanges even
though the actual ETH stays staked on the consensus layer. This means swaps
back and forth from a yield-bearing staked-ETH product and "raw ETH" is quick,
easy and not only available in multiples of 32 ETH.

However, these staked-ETH tokens tend to create cartel-like behaviors where a
large amount of staked ETH ends up under the control of a few centralized
organizations rather than spread across many independent individuals. This
creates conditions for censorship or value extraction. The gold standard for
staking should always be individuals running validators on their own hardware
whenever possible.

[More on risks of staking tokens(opens in a new
tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/@djrtwo/risks-of-lsd).

Attribute indicators are used below to signal notable strengths or weaknesses
a listed staking pool may have. Use this section as a reference for how we
define these attributes while you're choosing a pool to join.

Staking Considerations

Open sourceAuditedBug bountyBattle testedTrustlessPermissionless
nodesExecution diversityConsensus diversityLiquidity token

  * Open source
  * Audited
  * Bug bounty
  * Battle tested
  * Trustless
  * Permissionless nodes
  * Execution diversity
  * Consensus diversity
  * Liquidity token

### Open source

Essential code is 100% open source and available to the public to fork and use

Open source

Closed source

## Explore staking pools

There are a variety of options available to help you with your setup. Use the
above indicators to help guide you through the tools below.

![‚ö†Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/26a0.svg)

Products and services are listed as a convenience for the Ethereum community.
Inclusion of a product or service **does not represent an endorsement** from
the ethereum.org website team, or the Ethereum Foundation.

#### Rocket Pool

From 0.01 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://rocketpool.net/)

#### Lido

Any amount

BrowserWalletGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://lido.fi/)

#### StakeWise

Any amount

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://app.stakewise.io/)

#### Everstake

From 0.1 ETH

BrowserWalletGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/)

#### Bedrock

Any amount

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://bedrock.rockx.com/)

#### Ankr Staking

Any amount

BrowserWalletGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://stakefi.ankr.com/liquid-staking)

#### StaFi

From 0.01 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Trustless

Permissionless nodes

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Liquidity token

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://stafi.io)

Please note the importance of choosing a service that takes [client
diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/) seriously,
as it improves the security of the network, and limits your risk. Services
that have evidence of limiting majority client use are indicated with
_"execution client diversity"_ and _"consensus client diversity."_

Have a suggestion for a staking tool we missed? Check out our [product listing
policy](/en/contributing/adding-staking-products/) to see if it would be a
good fit, and to submit it for review.

## Frequently asked questions

###

How do I earn rewards?

More

Typically ERC-20 staking tokens are issued to stakers and represent the value
of their staked ETH plus rewards. Keep in mind that different pools will
distribute staking rewards to their users via slightly different methods, but
this is the common theme.

###

When can I withdraw my stake?

More

Right now! The Shanghai/Capella network upgrade occurred in April 2023, and
introduced staking withdrawals. Validator accounts that back staking pools now
have the ability to exit and withdraw ETH to their designated withdrawal
address. This enables the ability to redeem your portion of stake for the
underlying ETH. Check with your provider to see how they support this
functionality.

Alternatively, pools that utilize an ERC-20 staking token allow users to trade
this token in the open market, allowing you to sell your staking position,
effectively "withdrawing" without actually removing ETH from the staking
contract.

[More on staking withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

###

Is this different from staking with my exchange?

More

There are many similarities between these pooled staking options and
centralized exchanges, such as the ability to stake small amounts of ETH and
have them bundled together to activate validators.

Unlike centralized exchanges, many other pooled staking options utilize smart
contracts and/or staking tokens, which are usually ERC-20 tokens that can be
held in your own wallet, and bought or sold just like any other token. This
offers a layer of sovereignty and security by giving you control over your
tokens, but still does not give you direct control over the validator client
attesting on your behalf in the background.

Some pooling options are more decentralized than others when it comes to the
nodes that back them. To promote the health and decentralization of the
network, stakers are always encouraged to select a pooling service that
enables a permissionless decentralized set of node operators.

## Further reading

  * [The Ethereum Staking Directory(opens in a new tab)](https://www.staking.directory/) \- _Eridian and Spacesider_
  * [Staking with Rocket Pool - Staking Overview(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.rocketpool.net/guides/staking/overview.html) \- _RocketPool docs_
  * [Staking Ethereum With Lido(opens in a new tab)](https://help.lido.fi/en/collections/2947324-staking-ethereum-with-lido) \- _Lido help docs_

![Image of the Rhino mascot for the staking
launchpad.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fenterprise-
eth.d2a3f314.png&w=750&q=75)

## Join the staker community

EthStaker is a community for everyone to discuss and learn about staking on
Ethereum. Join tens of thousands of members from around the globe for advice,
support, and to talk all things staking.

[Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethstaker)[Reddit(opens in a
new tab)](https://reddit.com/r/ethstaker)[Website(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethstaker.cc)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Staking Options

[Staking home](/en/staking/)[Solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)[Staking as a
service](/en/staking/saas/)[Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)[About
withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

