Skip to content

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

  * [Staking __](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?__](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH __](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians __](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator __](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products __](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app __](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs __](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators __](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage __](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data __](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking __](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs __](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions __](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management __](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces __](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets __](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company __](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About __](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog __](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers __](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events __](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press __](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security __](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

  * [Meet With Us __](https://figment.io/company/meet-with-us/)

  * [Sign In __](https://auth0.figment.io/u/login?state=hKFo2SBaVXI3VlhEUmNOVHZzR0E3OVVFZDBUN21uMlRlUVNXTqFur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIHdtYTBFS29FQmRqQmFRTzFtakdaZHQtVW1KSkwxNE1Po2NpZNkgMFl4YzNDVk9Iakd3Tzc4RDJEbzVoT1pHUlM4V1A3WEs)

  * [Staking ____](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?______](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH ______](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians ______](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator ______](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products ____](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs ______](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators ______](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage ______](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking ______](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs ______](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions ____](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management ______](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ______](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets ______](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company ____](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About ______](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog ______](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers ______](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events ______](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press ______](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security ______](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

[Research](https://figment.io/insights/category/research/)

## An Analysis: Maximum Extractable Value (MEV) Relay Strategies for Ethereum

November 16, 2023

![Reza
Sabernia](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Reza
Sabernia](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/TB8V36MDY-U05CDPYP7GU-9f589c616a00-512.png)

Reza Sabernia

![Emerick
Mary](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![Emerick
Mary](https://figment.io/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/emerick.png)

Emerick Mary

_This article was co-written by Reza Sabernia and Émerick Mary._

Since the [Merge](https://figment.io/insights/ethereum-post-merge-status-
update/), Proof-of-Stake (PoS) **Ethereum** has grown significantly, with over
20% of its total supply now staked. Among the many focal points, **Maximal
Extractable Value (MEV)** has captured significant attention.

_For those seeking a quick refresher, check out our previous articles on MEV:
_

  * [_Ethereum: MEV – What is it and Why is it Such a Good Thing?_](https://figment.io/insights/ethereum-mev-what-is-it-and-why-is-it-such-a-good-thing/)_   _
  * [_Ethereum: Brief History of MEV_](https://figment.io/insights/ethereum-brief-history-of-mev/) _.  _

There are several actors within the MEV supply chain: searchers, block
builders, relays, and validators. As shown in Figure 1, block builders
construct new blocks and send them to intermediaries known as relays.
Validators select which relays to connect in order to receive the blocks from
different builders and propose the most profitable one to be added to the
blockchain. The selection of relays is an important decision, as they vary
considerably in their capabilities and offerings.

![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/chart_overview_of_mev_supply_chain_chart.png)

### Guiding Principles for Adopting MEV Relays

MEV Relays play a crucial role in the block supply-chain, with over 90% of all
proposed blocks being passed through them. For Figment, the factors that set
relays apart go beyond solely performance. We also assess the compatibility of
the relay with our infrastructure, the nature of partnerships, the operational
dynamics of the relay’s business, and compliance with regulatory standards. We
determined that opting for a thoroughly curated selection of relays proves
more advantageous than a random assortment.  

Let’s break down these key considerations:

**#1 Performance and Reliability**

Evaluating for performance is a key consideration and involves an
understanding of various factors that directly or indirectly affect the
relay’s performance. For instance, a closer geographic proximity between the
relay’s infrastructure and that of the builders reduces the latency,
potentially granting builders additional time to prepare more profitable
blocks for the validators. The reliability of an MEV relay is typically
measured by its uptime, latency, and bid faults. For example, delays in
delivering the header or payload of a block adversely impact reliability of a
relay, possibly leading to MEV-Boost timeouts or missed proposals for
validators.

**#2 Relay-Specific Optimization**

Choosing the right MEV relays hinges on their integration with the staking
provider’s tech stack and infrastructure. Consider scalability, particularly
in scenarios where thousands of validators use a single node. Some relays are
not scalable, rendering them incompatible with such architecture. That being
said, it can be possible to fine-tune MEV-Boost code for specific relays,
enhancing the performance and potentially increasing the rewards that
customers earn.

**#3 Trusted Relationships**

Creating a strong partnership with reputable MEV relays involves establishing
direct relationships with technical and management teams to evaluate their
claims about their performance and operations. It is necessary to do due
diligence regarding the organization and its operational jurisdiction.
Preference is often given to MEV relays that are open-source or have undergone
third-party audits.

**#4 Business Model Alignment**

For staking providers, examining beyond a surface-level understanding of
relays is essential.

There needs to be a deep understanding of the architecture of MEV relays and
the inherent operational costs. Certain design and architectural choices may
not be scalable, potentially leading to prohibitive and costly operations as
demand increases. Additionally, certain business models may not be financially
sustainable, posing risks to the longevity and future of the relays.

**#5 Regulation and Compliance**

Customers often find themselves subject to certain regulatory frameworks based
on the nature of their business, operational jurisdictions, and client base.
These considerations are important when deciding what relays to connect with.

### MEV Relay Strategies for Validators

Considering these factors, there is a range of strategies that can be applied.
At Figment, we have developed the MEV Relay Triangle model (see Figure 2
below), taking into account  the top three most widely used strategies and
their potential trade-offs.

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/triangle_overview_of_mev_supply_chain_triangle.png)

#### Plug-and-Play

This strategy involves swiftly integrating as many relays as possible, thereby
permitting the relay with the highest MEV reward to win the block proposal. It
is an out-of-the-box configuration that expedites the integration of emerging
relays, offering a rapid route to market. However, it may entail oversights in
compliance and security, and potentially overloading MEV-boost with marginal
increase in rewards.

#### Compliance-Centric

Staking providers employing this strategy prioritize adherence to
jurisdictional regulations or ethical standards. This means proposing blocks
with transactions that comply with the relevant regulations and/or are free
from market manipulations and market abuse  (e.g., sandwich attacks and front-
running). This strategy safeguards customers from potential liabilities
stemming from non-compliant transactions or not upholding ethical standards.
However, executing this strategy requires substantial collaboration among
legal, compliance, and security teams of staking providers during vendor
assessment.

#### Optimization-Focused

This strategy involves the selection of specific MEV relays and enhancing
their performance and rewards through careful configuration and optimization.
This ranges from fine-tuning MEV boost parameters to optimizing the underlying
infrastructure, such as employing optimistic relays, refining factors such as
latency and geographic proximity to the builders and relays. This approach may
increase potential MEV rewards and even lead to improvements in overall
performance, however it demands a significant investment of time and
resources. Depending on the specific implementation, this investment can
include analyzing relay data to continually enhance performance as well as
testing every MEV-Boost update to ensure its safety and compatibility with the
existing setup.

#### In Closing

When it comes to staking strategies, there is no one-size-fits-all solution.
Staking providers typically adopt a tailored blend of strategies, aligning
with the specific requirements and preferences of their customers.

Our comprehensive MEV strategy is guided by principles, emphasizing careful
integration of established as well as emerging relays. We conduct rigorous due
diligence, including extensive testing on testnets, to confirm compatibility
with our infrastructure and maintain performance. We continue to monitor and
optimize the performance of the MEV relay after integration.

Figment is dedicated to tailoring a thoughtful approach focused on optimizing
MEV rewards and ensuring compliance to meet the unique needs of financial
institutions, marketplaces, custodians, and asset managers. As the leading
staking infrastructure provider, we prioritize compliance with jurisdictional
regulations and ethical standards. If you’d like to learn more about our MEV
strategies or have questions about our services, please [meet with
us](https://figment.io/company/meet-with-us/).

## SHARE POST

__

__

__

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Renzo-768x432.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/figments-renzo-operator-simplifies-your-
restaking-strategy/)

###  [ Figment’s Renzo Operator Simplifies Your Restaking Strategy
](https://figment.io/insights/figments-renzo-operator-simplifies-your-
restaking-strategy/)

Colton Campbell  May 22, 2024

Earlier this year Figment was announced as the primary node

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Rakkar_May2024_2155x1437-wecompress.com_-768x512.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/rakkar-digital-a-leading-apac-custodian-in-
figments-ecosystem/)

###  [ Rakkar Digital: A Leading APAC Custodian in Figment’s Ecosystem
](https://figment.io/insights/rakkar-digital-a-leading-apac-custodian-in-
figments-ecosystem/)

Max Webster-Dowsing  May 16, 2024

Rakkar Digital, Asia’s leading qualified digital asset custodian, is enhancing

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Ad-banner.png)

[Start Now](https://app.figment.io/sign-
up?utm_source=Website&utm_medium=Blog&utm_content=signup&utm_campaign=stickyCTA)

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/)

[__](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

#### Meet with us

### Bring the Complete Staking Solution to Your Organization

First Name(Required)

Last Name

Email(Required)

Company

Region

RegionAPACEMEALATAMNorth America

Approximate_Staking_Volume

Approximate Staking VolumeUnder $5,000,000Between $5,000,000-$9,999,999Over
$10,000,000

Alternative:

WPA

Figment respects your privacy. By submitting this form, you are acknowledging
that you have read and agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/), which
details how we collect and use your information.

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

## Sign up for our newsletter

Email(Required)

Alternative:

Alternative:

Alternative:

WPA

Figment respects your privacy. By submitting this form, you are acknowledging
that you have read and agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/), which
details how we collect and use your information.

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/)

[](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

#### Staking

  * [What is Staking?____](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
  * [ Stake ETH ____](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
  * [ Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [ Custodians ____](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
  * [ Rewards Calculator ____](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)

#### Protocols

  * [Ethereum ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
  * [ Solana ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
  * [ Celestia ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
  * [ Polkadot ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
  * [ Polygon ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
  * [ Sui ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/sui/)
  * [ All ____](https://figment.io/?page_id=93994)

#### Products

  * [Staking app ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
  * [ APIs ____](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
  * [ Validators ____](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
  * [ Slashing Coverage ____](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
  * [ Staking Data ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
  * [ Liquid Staking ____](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
  * [ Developer Docs ____](https://docs.figment.io/)

#### Solutions

  * [Asset Management ____](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
  * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ____](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
  * [ Custodians & Wallets ____](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)

#### Company

  * [About ____](https://figment.io/company/about/)
  * [ Blog ____](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
  * [ Careers ____](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
  * [ Press ____](https://figment.io/company/press/)
  * [ Infrastructure & Security ____](https://trustpage.figment.io/)
  * [ Events ____](https://figment.io/resources/events/)

© 2024 Figment

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

  *   * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  *   * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)
  * 

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

__ Go to Top

Notifications

