  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [Runes Vs
Ordinals](/blog/runes-vs-ordinals)

##### Guides

# Runes Vs Ordinals

Published on: Apr 30, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Brief Overview of Runes and Ordinals**
  * **What are Runes?**
  * **What are Ordinals?**
  * **Key Differences Between Runes and Ordinals**

##### In Brief

Compare Runes and Ordinals head-to-head. Discover what sets them apart in this
detailed comparison.

![Runes Vs Ordinals](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Frunes_vs_ordinals_a1e427174b.png&w=3840&q=75)

Runes and Ordinals are two groundbreaking, yes competing developments in the
Bitcoin space, so this article explores the intricacies of each protocol.
We'll dissect their core functionalities, uncover their strengths and
weaknesses, and explore how they differ in their approach to fungibility,
scalability, and security. By the end of the article, you'll gain a clear
understanding of the differences between Runes and Ordinals, and how they
might redefine the landscape of Bitcoin-based digital assets.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore the difference between Runes and Ordinals, it’s important
to remember that you can [buy Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-
buy-bitcoin-using-trust-wallet-a-visual-guide), as well as swap, send or
receive crypto using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

![runes-vs-ordinals-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Frunes_vs_ordinals_1_8c3949740f.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Brief Overview of Runes and Ordinals

The [Runes Protocol](https://trustwallet.com/blog/runes-protocol-explained) is
a new token standard for issuing fungible tokens on the Bitcoin network. Runes
represent a novel type of fungible token built on the Bitcoin network,
offering an alternative to established solutions like
[BRC20](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-brc-20) tokens.
Runes leverage the Unspent Transaction Output (UTXO) model, allowing them to
coexist with Bitcoin itself within transactions. This design aims to minimize
"junk" data on the blockchain and promote efficient UTXO management.

Ordinals, on the other hand, focus on inscribing data directly onto individual
Satoshis (smallest unit of Bitcoin). This approach enables the creation of
unique, Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) on the Bitcoin blockchain. Ordinals can,
however, lead to increased blockchain bloat due to the larger data size of
these inscriptions.

Below, we’ll dive deeper into their functionalities, and how they differ in
terms of fungibility, scalability, and security. This comparison will equip
you to understand how Runes and Ordinals may reshape the landscape of Bitcoin-
based digital assets.

## What are Runes?

The [Runes Protocol](https://trustwallet.com/blog/runes-protocol-explained)
allows users to create and manage fungible tokens directly on the [Bitcoin
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet). Developed by Casey
Rodarmor, Runes offers a streamlined alternative to existing token standards.
Runes capitalizes on Bitcoin's existing infrastructure, the Unspent
Transaction Output (UTXO) model. This approach enables Runes to create
fungible tokens with minimal impact on the blockchain's size, unlike some
BRC20 tokens, which can contribute to congestion.

Runes act as an extension of Bitcoin. It empowers users to craft various
fungible tokens, from loyalty points and community currencies to fractional
ownership of real-world assets. This functionality, combined with the inherent
security of the Bitcoin network, unlocks a treasure trove of possibilities for
expanding Bitcoin's reach and utility beyond its core function as a digital
currency.

## What are Ordinals?

Ordinals enable the creation of [NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) directly
on the Bitcoin blockchain. Think of them as inscriptions permanently etched
onto specific Satoshis (the smallest Bitcoin units). This "inscription"
process attaches data like images, videos, or even text to individual
Satoshis, turning them into one-of-a-kind digital items.

Unlike regular Bitcoin where every unit is identical, Ordinals are inherently
non-fungible due to the attached data. While storage limitations restrict the
data size, Ordinals have primarily fueled the creation of collectible
[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) like "Runestones." They hold potential for
representing real-world assets like digital artwork or even event tickets
directly on the Bitcoin blockchain.

## Key Differences Between Runes and Ordinals

Runes and Ordinals have sparked a fascinating debate within the Bitcoin
community. While both aim to expand Bitcoin's utility beyond its core
function, they approach it in fundamentally different ways. Here's a breakdown
of their key differences:

### Fungibility vs. Non-Fungibility

  * **Runes:** Designed for fungibility. Each Rune of the same type is identical and interchangeable, making them ideal for applications like loyalty points or stablecoins.

  * **Ordinals:** Non-fungible by nature. Each Ordinal represents a unique unit on the Bitcoin blockchain, akin to a one-of-a-kind NFT.

### Data Storage Approach

  * **Runes:** Instead of altering the transaction itself, Runes uses existing Unspent Transaction Outputs (UTXOs). By attaching data to these UTXOs, Runes essentially transform them into representations of various digital assets, all while maintaining compatibility with existing Bitcoin infrastructure.

  * **Ordinals:** They embed data directly within the "witness" section of a Bitcoin transaction. By inscribing data onto individual Satoshis, Ordinals create unique NFTs directly embedded within the blockchain.

### Transfer Mechanism

  * **Runes:** Offers a simple and user-friendly transfer mechanism. They can be transferred just like any other Bitcoin transaction, without the need for complex UTXO splitting.

  * **Ordinals:** Transferring Ordinals involves a more complex process. The protocol splits a UTXO containing the Ordinal data into several new UTXOs. These "split" UTXOs containing the Ordinal information travel across the network.

### Scalability and Transaction Fees

  * **Runes:** Leverage Bitcoin's existing UTXO model, minimizing data added to the blockchain and potentially leading to lower transaction fees compared to Ordinals.

  * **Ordinals:** Directly inscribe data onto individual Satoshis, potentially leading to larger transaction sizes and higher fees. This could impact the scalability of the Bitcoin network in the long run.

### Security and Risk Factors

  * **Runes:** Inherently secure by leveraging Bitcoin's established security infrastructure.

  * **Ordinals:** Introduce a potential risk factor. Since Ordinals permanently inscribe data onto the blockchain, any vulnerabilities in the Ordinal protocol could potentially expose inscribed data to security risks.

### Use Cases

  * **Runes:** Ideal for representing fungible digital assets like loyalty points, in-game currencies, or stablecoins within the Bitcoin ecosystem.

  * **Ordinals:** Open doors for creating unique, non-fungible digital collectibles, artwork, or other digital assets with verifiable on-chain ownership.

### Integration with Existing Infrastructure

  * **Runes:** Seamlessly integrate with existing Bitcoin wallets and exchanges due to their reliance on the UTXO model.

  * **Ordinals:** May require dedicated wallets and infrastructure for managing and interacting with Ordinal NFTs.

#### Closing Thoughts

Both Runes and Ordinals present exciting possibilities for expanding Bitcoin's
use case. Their strengths and weaknesses, however, cater to different needs.
Runes offer a secure and potentially scalable solution for fungible tokens,
while Ordinals introduce on-chain NFTs, catering to the growing demand for
digital collectibles.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

