[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * Tezos Staking: How To Stake XTZ

# Tezos Staking: How To Stake XTZ

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Nov 14, 2023 | **Updated Nov 14, 2023**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Tezos%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20XTZ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz&title=Tezos%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20XTZ
"Reddit")

![Floating boxes in an open space](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Tezos uses the liquid proof of stake mechanism to validate transactions and
reward Tezos bakers participating in the network.  
  
— You can stake Tezos in two ways: putting up 6000 XTZ and maintaining
hardware as a baker or delegating your stake to a baker.  
  
— Ledger allows you to delegate XTZ securely and simply, in just a few clicks
within Ledger Live.  
  
The Tezos ecosystem has use cases across many industries, from finance to art.
However, powering its underlying tech—like many current blockchains—Tezos
relies on staking to stay secure. Specifically, Tezos has a unique way of
approaching [crypto staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-
growing-it/stake-your-crypto) which all ties into its consensus mechanism—the
very thing that ensures its security.

But how does that affect staking on the Tezos network exactly?

In this article, Ledger Academy will explain exactly how it works, starting
with what staking Tezos is, how to stake Tezos and the different methods of
doing so.

Let’s dive in.

## What is Tezos Staking All About?

Before diving into Tezos staking, let’s first attack the basics:

### What is Tezos?

[Tezos](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-tezos) is a
proof-of-stake blockchain network created by the Tezos Foundation. In short,
it’s a popular network with its own native coin, XTZ, which has a range of
uses from network fees to governance to baking. But what does that mean
exactly?

### Staking on Tezos

Tezos staking is much like staking on other proof-of-stake networks; it’s
necessary for the chain to stay secure. Instead of creating blocks by solving
complicated computational problems like proof-of-work networks, Tezos requires
block-making participants called bakers to lock up an amount of XTZ. This
amount, also called a stake, acts as collateral for their behavior. Effective
bakers receive rewards for their work, and malicious or ineffective bakers are
punished with a “slashed” stake.

Tezos, in particular, has a unique consensus mechanism called liquid proof of
stake (LPOS). To understand how that affects staking on the network, let’s
take a closer look at how the Tezos ecosystem works.

## How Does Staking on The Tezos Network Work?

The Tezos blockchain uses a variation of the [delegated proof of stake
mechanism](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-delegated-proof-of-stake-
dpos) called the liquid proof of stake mechanism (LPoS). To explain, LPos
builds on DPoS’s election system to choose validators but aims to be more fair
and decentralized. In LPoS, users can loan their validation rights to others
without physically transferring their tokens.

LPoS uses two main network partwork participants: bakers and delegators.

Bakers function similarly as a
[validator](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-blockchain-validator) on
other proof-of-stake blockchains. To become a baker, you must lock up or
“stake” XTZ, Tezos’ native coin, which serves as collateral. Bakers help
validate transactions on the Tezos blockchain, and for doing so, they receive
block rewards. Bakers are responsible for both the consensus mechanism as well
as governance matters.

Delegators, on the other hand, choose bakers to whom they can delegate their
XTZ tokens. To explain, delegators can essentially participate in the network
consensus without putting up a huge collateral.

Now that you’re familiar with all the terms used in Tezos staking, let’s look
at the different ways you can stake XTZ on the [Tezos
network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-tezos).

## Ways To Stake on the Tezos Network

You can participate in the Tezos’ staking ecosystem in two ways: by becoming a
baker or by delegating your tokens to a baker. Both ways have their pros and
cons — let’s take a look at which option is best for you.

### **Become a Baker**

Bakers are active network participants responsible for validating
transactions, creating blocks, proposing governance changes, and voting on
them. Becoming a baker requires you to put up a significant amount of
collateral — about 6000 XTZ, at the time of writing.

Apart from the XTZ token commitment, you must also maintain specialized
hardware to support baking software. Setting up the software also needs some
technical know-how of computer systems and system packages. Plus you need to
constantly monitor nodes so that your baking set-up has as little downtime as
possible.

As you can see, becoming a baker on the Tezos blockchain requires serious
commitment. However, doing all of this has significant perks — independent
bakers get to keep all of the block yields for themselves. Yes, that simply
means more rewards.

However, it also involves the most responsibility.

### **Delegate your XTZ to a Baker**

Your other option is to delegate to a baker. To explain, delegators are
passive network participants who delegate their XTZ to bakers on the network.
Being a delegator means committing your entire wallet to a specific baker.

This mechanism also lets you retain custody of your assets — because your
holdings never leave your secure wallet. You can still access all your funds,
spend it, or delegate it to another baker without delay. It simply allows you
to earn rewards calculated by snapshots the network takes.

However, since you delegate your entire address you can’t split or adjust your
assets between multiple bakers. But you can stop delegating whenever you want.
All you have to do is move your funds to a different wallet.

Using this method you rely on the baker you are delegating to. Delegating your
account means trusting that baker to perform honorably and efficiently. Plus,
they are also responsible for distributing the rewards proportionally amongst
all delegators. With those duties as well as their hard work baking, bakers
will charge a fee to delegators. Thus, to maximize your delegation rewards,
make sure you consider the baker’s fee and their previous track record.

## Benefits of Staking Tezos

All right. Now that you know the ways to stake Tezos, let’s answer the most
obvious question: Why should you even stake Tezos? The short answer is passive
income and accessibility. Let’s see why:

### **Passive Income**

Like other staking protocols, direct passive income is one obvious reason to
stake Tezos. You’re essentially putting your idle crypto to work and growing
your bag with minimal involvement.

While most staking protocols have a lock-up period, Tezos lets you accrue
passive income flexibly. Bakers are required to hold their tokens for 5 block
cycles, which is a relatively short amount of time. Plus when you delegate
Tezos (XTZ), you’re not required to lock up your tokens for a fixed duration
at all.

### **Lower barrier to entry**

Decentralization works better when there are more validators and nodes to
confirm the network’s transactions. However, popular networks like Ethereum
have massive staking collateral requirements to the tune of tens of thousands
of dollars (32 ETH).

In contrast, becoming a baker on the Tezos blockchain is more accessible. The
Tezos network has kept the minimum stake to become a baker at 6000 XTZ, about
$4,000 at the time of writing. This relatively lower entry barrier lets a
diverse group of participants across the world contribute to network security
and governance.

Users can also choose to delegate with no minimum collateral requirements at
all. Importantly, delegators also have full control over their assets, meaning
they can unstake anytime. These delegators can simply move their XTZ assets
out of their wallet to stop the staking process.

## Risks of Staking Tezos

### **Slashing**

While becoming a baker offers you the highest rewards,
[slashing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-slashing)
is one of the main risks. Slashing is when the amount you stake gets reduced
due to any misconduct by your node. For instance, if the baker misses too many
blocks or double-bakes, they may be punished.

If that sounds a little technical, essentially double baking means that the
baker node signs two different blocks as valid in the same round. This causes
conflicts and confusion for the entire network. Unfortunately, it’s often
caused by new bakers making mistakes while configuring their nodes.  

 In an LPOS system, this means slashing. In other words, the baker loses their
“stake”, which is $4000 on Tezos. Therefore, you must have proper technical
know-how if you choose the baker route. Otherwise, it may cost you your stake.

## How do I stake Tezos (XTZ)?

So now you know what staking on the Tezos network is all about, maybe you want
to start staking yourself?

Well, as you now know, there are two main methods of staking Tezos, by
becoming a baker or by delegating your account. Here’s how you can get started
with either:

### How To Become a Tezos Baker

If you’re convinced you have the technical know-how and are ready to go it
alone, here are the steps you need to take to become a Tezos Baker.

  1. Procure dedicated hardware that you can operate 24/7 to run a Tezos baker node. Your machine needs to have at least 8 GB RAM, 256 GB SSD, and 2 CPU cores. 
  2. Install baker software either from scratch or through pre-compiled packages like Docker Images or PPAs.
  3. Import the keys of the crypto wallet, which holds 6000 XTZ, to the Tezos wallet application.
  4. Register as a delegate and launch the application!

You can follow the [Tezos docs](https://opentezos.com/baking/cli-baker) for
more details on each process step. However, don’t forget that this method is
best left to the experts.

A much easier and more accessible way to stake Tezos is via delegation.
Luckily Ledger offers a secure way to do so directly from your Ledger wallet
and without forfeiting custody of your keys.

Let’s see how it works.

### Staking Tezos on a Ledger

Ledger Live is Ledger’s one-stop shop for all crypto apps and services, one of
which includes staking. Ledger Live allows you to easily delegate your wallet
to audited bakers and start earning rewards. Plus, these rewards are
immediately protected by your Ledger device.  This contrasts with most staking
services offered by centralized exchanges. To explain. Ledger devices are non-
custodial wallets which means you retain ownership of your private keys—-and
therefore your crypto. Yes–your private keys remain in your control, even when
you delegate a specific account to a baker.

Beyond security, [staking XTZ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) via a
Ledger device is also extremely secure. Ledger Live offers a secure gateway to
apps and services meaning however you choose to stake within the app, you can
rest assured you have accessed the correct staking platform, eliminating
malicious transaction risk.  

Finally, Ledger Live also offers a practical and easy-to-use interface. You
can even track all of your earnings from multiple staking providers directly
within Ledger Live via the earn section. This earn dashboard also allows you
to compare different staking providers, guaranteeing you make the best
decision for you.

![screen showing how staking on Ledger via the Earn dashboard allows you to
track your ETH, XTZ and more in one place](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/11/image.png)

So now you know why Ledger Live is so useful for staking XTZ, let’s see how
you can start staking yourself:

  1. Connect your Ledger device to your desktop or mobile and open the Ledger Live app.
  2. Install or update to the latest “Tezos wallet” app from the Ledger’s App catalog. 
  3. Now, navigate to the Accounts tab and add a Tezos account to hold your XTZ.
  4. Transfer your XTZ to your newly created account via the “Receive option” on the accounts tab.
  5. Now that your wallet has some XTZ, click on the “Earn rewards” button on the accounts page.
  6. Confirm the account you wish to delegate, and click on continue.
  7. A random baker will be assigned to your account, but you can choose another baker by clicking on “Select”. Compare staking rewards, previous history, and more.
  8. Once you’ve selected your baker, confirm the staking action via your Ledger device. Make sure you review all the details before submitting the staking transaction.

Congrats! Your XTZ is now delegated. Depending on the baker’s performance, you
can typically expect to earn rewards within the first 40 days.

## The State of Tezos Staking Today

Staking Tezos is the best way to get more exposure to Tezos’ growing ecosystem
without active trading or investment plans. Plus, you can secure the entire
network and have a say in Tezos’ innovations. Win-win.

Due to the lucrative nature of Tezos staking, Tezos typically maintains high
staking rates. At the time of writing, [over 70% of XTZ
tokens](https://tzstats.com/) are currently being staked, about 650M+ XTZ
tokens.

If you’re ready to stake on Tezos, choose wallets like Ledger that offer you a
built-in way to delegate your XTZ. Once you’re in the Ledger ecosystem, you
can explore other staking options to earn passive income even beyond the Tezos
blockchain.

Ledger Live gives you easy access to staking top cryptocurrencies like Solana
and Ethereum. You can also choose between flexible staking options such as
pooled staking, [liquid
staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-liquid-staking),
and more via Ledger Live’s earn section.

So what are you waiting for?

Explore the world of [crypto staking with
Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/en/staking) —while keeping your assets secure.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Tezos%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20XTZ&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz&title=Tezos%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20XTZ
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-layer-2-base-
blockchain-explained)

[Coinbase Layer 2: Base Blockchain
Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-
layer-2-base-blockchain-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cardano-staking-how-to-stake-ada)

[Cardano Staking: How To Stake ADA](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

[What Is Injective (INJ)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-staking-how-to-stake-sol)

[Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL](https://www.ledger.com/academy/solana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol)

__Read

7 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-staking-how-to-stake-eth)

[Ethereum Staking: How To Stake ETH
Securely](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-staking-how-to-stake-eth)

__Read

13 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=45043a43-2b73-4386-9f07-a086fbdb30d8&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=8deb417e-8164-4631-8ecb-60b21cb5cca5&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=45043a43-2b73-4386-9f07-a086fbdb30d8&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=8deb417e-8164-4631-8ecb-60b21cb5cca5&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=cc48eb0d-bab6-4173-a6c4-a0974e691a14&sid=1c184f901cfd11ef89142f2611ce22b2&vid=1c185ef01cfd11efa22cf19455a0a676&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Tezos%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20XTZ%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz&r=&lt=2329&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=728092)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A10%20GMT&n=0&b=Tezos%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20XTZ%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fstaking-
tezos-how-to-stake-xtz&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

