[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=announcement&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0Ivc3VwcG9ydC9hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQ%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=announcement&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0Ivc3VwcG9ydC9hbm5vdW5jZW1lbnQ%3D)

Announcement

What are you looking for?

Search

#### All Topics

[New Cryptocurrency ListingCheck out the latest coin listings and pairs on
Launchpad, Launchpool, Spot, Margin, and Futures
markets.](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/announcement/c-48?navId=48)

[Latest Binance NewsStay on top of what's new in
Binance.](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/announcement/c-49?navId=49)

[New Fiat ListingsSee which new fiat-to-crypto trading pairs are available on
Binance.](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/announcement/c-50?navId=50)

[API UpdatesLearn latest news on API updates.](https://www.binance.com/en-
GB/support/announcement/c-51?navId=51)

[Wallet Maintenance UpdatesStay updated on wallet maintenance of various
networks.](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/announcement/c-157?navId=157)

[DelistingGet information on coins or trading pairs to be
removed.](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/announcement/c-161?navId=161)

#### Latest Articles

[Daily BNB Balance Calculation Mechanism Update](/en-
GB/support/announcement/daily-bnb-balance-calculation-mechanism-
update-360031505011)2023-10-03

[Daily BNB Balance Calculation Mechanism Update](/en-
GB/support/announcement/daily-bnb-balance-calculation-mechanism-
update-360031505011)2023-10-03

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

Theme

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

BinanceÂ© 2024Cookie Preferences

