  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Staking](/blog?category=Staking)  >  [What is
Liquid Staking?](/blog/what-is-liquid-staking)

##### Staking

# What is Liquid Staking?

Published on: May 17, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Liquid Staking**
  * **How Does Liquid Staking Work?**
  * **What are the Benefits of Liquid Staking?**
  * **Exploring Popular Liquid Staking Protocols**
  * **How to Deposit Liquid Staking Tokens to Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Learn everything you need to know about liquid staking. Explore what it is and
discover popular protocols including Lido and RocketPool.

![What is Liquid Staking?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_liquid_staking_2c6b138067.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Staking](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-staking) has become a popular
way to earn passive income on your crypto holdings. Proof-of-Stake (PoS)
blockchains rely on stakers to validate transactions and secure the network.
By locking up your tokens for a period of time, you contribute to the
network's security and get rewarded.

Traditional staking, however, comes with a drawback: locked liquidity. Once
you stake your tokens, they become inaccessible for trading or using in DeFi
applications. This is where liquid staking comes in. [What is liquid
staking?](https://trustwallet.com/blog/exploring-different-staking-options-in-
cryptocurrency) Liquid staking offers a solution for those who want to enjoy
the [benefits of staking](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-staking), while
maintaining control over their assets.

Let's explore how liquid staking works, its advantages, and some popular
protocols leading the charge in this innovative space.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Understanding Liquid Staking

[Liquid staking](https://trustwallet.com/blog/exploring-different-staking-
options-in-cryptocurrency) is an innovative tool that unlocks the potential of
staked assets in Proof-of-Stake (PoS) blockchains. Liquid staking enables you
to earn staking rewards, while maintaining control and liquidity over your
crypto holdings.

Traditionally, participating in staking on a PoS blockchain involved locking
up your tokens for a set period of time. This limited your ability to access
or use those assets for other purposes. Liquid staking disrupts this model by
introducing a layer of flexibility. By depositing your tokens into a staking
pool, you essentially delegate the staking process, while receiving liquid
staking tokens (LSTs). These LSTs represent your stake in the pool and they
are tradable on secondary markets. This enables you to enjoy the benefits of
[staking rewards](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-staking), without
sacrificing the liquidity of your underlying assets. This opens doors for
advanced investment strategies, where you can leverage your LSTs in [DeFi
protocols](https://trustwallet.com/blog/maximize-solana-defi-with-jupiter-
trust-wallet) to generate additional yield.

### Before We Get Started

Before we [explore liquid staking](https://trustwallet.com/staking) in more
detail, it’s important to remember that you can manage and interact with 10M+
crypto assets across 100+ blockchains on Trust Wallet. Download the latest
version of Trust Wallet today.

Download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or install the Trust Wallet Extension
on your desktop browser.

![what-is-liquid-staking-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_liquid_staking_1_fe67b596b0.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How Does Liquid Staking Work?

[Liquid staking offers a compelling
solution](https://trustwallet.com/blog/exploring-different-staking-options-in-
cryptocurrency) for those seeking staking rewards without sacrificing asset
accessibility. Here's a deeper dive into how it works:

### 1\. Entering the Pool

A staking pool is a collection of assets pooled from various users. These
pools participate in staking on Proof-of-Stake (PoS) blockchains. You start by
depositing your PoS tokens (e.g., Ethereum) into this pool, contributing to
its overall stake in the underlying blockchain.

### 2\. Delegation and Validation

The pool acts as a single, powerful entity. It combines all deposited tokens
to meet the minimum staking requirements for validators on the chosen PoS
blockchain. The pool then delegates this collective stake to reliable
validators on the network. These validators are responsible for verifying
transactions and securing the [blockchain](https://trustwallet.com), earning
rewards in the process.

### 3\. The Power of Smart Contracts

Liquid staking relies heavily on [smart
contracts](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-smart-contracts),
which are self-executing code stored on the blockchain. These contracts
automate critical functions:

  * **Tracking deposits and ownership:** Smart contracts meticulously track the amount you deposit and issue a corresponding number of LSTs (liquid staking tokens), representing your stake in the pool.

  * **Distributing rewards:** When the validators earn rewards for securing the network, the smart contracts automatically distribute these rewards proportionally to all LST holders based on their token holdings.

### 4\. Redeeming Your Stake (Optional)

While LSTs offer liquidity, you may want to access your original tokens. The
redemption process is also facilitated by smart contracts. You simply exchange
your LSTs back for the underlying tokens within the pool, minus any applicable
fees. The pool manages the unstaking process on the blockchain, returning your
original tokens to your wallet.

_It's important to remember that the specific mechanics of liquid staking can
vary depending on the chosen platform or protocol. Some might have additional
features or fees, so be sure to do your research before diving in._

## What are the Benefits of Liquid Staking?

Liquid staking offers several compelling benefits over traditional staking
methods, making it an attractive option for cryptocurrency investors seeking
flexibility and maximized returns. Here's a breakdown of the key benefits:

### Earn Staking Rewards

Just like traditional staking, liquid staking enables you to benefit from the
passive income generated through Proof-of-Stake (PoS) blockchains. The staking
pool you participate in will distribute these rewards proportionally based on
your holding of liquid staking tokens (LSTs).

### Maintain Liquidity for Staked Assets

Unlike traditional staking, where your tokens are locked away for a set period
of time, liquid staking offers you a significant advantage: liquidity. You
receive LSTs representing your stake in the pool, and these LSTs are tradable
assets. This means you can freely buy, sell them on exchanges, or even use
them as collateral in DeFi applications to generate additional yield.

### Lower Minimum Staking Requirements

Running a validator node on a PoS network often requires a high minimum stake
amount. This can be a barrier to entry for many users. Liquid staking pools
aggregate deposited tokens, allowing you to participate in staking even with a
smaller initial investment. This makes staking more accessible to a wider
range of users.

### Increased Capital Efficiency

With LSTs, you can unlock the full potential of your staked assets. They can
be used for various income-generating activities beyond simply [earning
staking rewards](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-earn-ethereum-using-
trust-wallet). This allows you to maximize the returns on your crypto
holdings.

### Interoperability

Liquid staking protocols often support interoperability with various
decentralized finance (DeFi) platforms and applications. This interoperability
enables seamless integration between staking activities and other DeFi
services, unlocking new opportunities for yield generation and financial
innovation.

## Exploring Popular Liquid Staking Protocols

There are various liquid staking protocols offering distinct features and
functionalities. Let's explore two leading examples: Lido and RocketPool.

### Lido Protocol

Lido operates as a centralized liquid staking service. Users deposit their PoS
tokens (e.g., Ethereum) into Lido's staking pool. Lido then aggregates these
deposits and uses them to run validator nodes on the underlying blockchain. In
return, users receive stETH, which represents their stake in the pool. stETH
is a tradable asset, enabling users to maintain liquidity for their staked
ETH. stETH enjoys high liquidity on major cryptocurrency exchanges, allowing
for easy trading and use in DeFi applications.

### RocketPool

RocketPool takes a different approach, functioning as a decentralized liquid
staking protocol. Users can become node operators themselves by locking up ETH
and RPL, RocketPool's native token. Alternatively, users can act as stakers,
depositing their ETH to participate in staking without running a node. In
return, stakers receive rETH, RocketPool's liquid staking token.

## How to Deposit Liquid Staking Tokens to Trust Wallet

You can receive liquid staking tokens from another
[wallet](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for your desired token, and select it. For this Example, we use RPL.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto from your exchange account.

![what-is-liquid-staking-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_liquid_staking_2_72471f2e49.gif&w=3840&q=75)

In addition to RPL, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+
[crypto assets](https://trustwallet.com/staking) across 100+ blockchains.
Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

