![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/bitcoin-untuk-bisnis)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/bitcoin-per-empreses)
      * [Dansk](/da/bitcoin-for-virksomheder)
      * [Deutsch](/de/bitcoin-fuer-unternehmen)
      * [English](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/bitcoin-para-empresas)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/bitcoin-pour-entreprises)
      * [Italiano](/it/bitcoin-per-imprese)
      * [Magyar](/hu/bitcoin-vallalkozasoknak)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/bitcoin-voor-bedrijven)
      * [Polski](/pl/bitcoin-dla-biznesu)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/bitcoin-para-empresas)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-companii)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/bitcoin-za-podjetja)
      * [Srpski](/sr/bitkoin-za-preduzeca)
      * [Svenska](/sv/bitcoin-for-foretag)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/isletmeler-icin-bitcoin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ááááá](/km/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/bitcoin-for-businesses)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Bitcoin for Businesses

Bitcoin is a very secure and inexpensive way to handle payments.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_lowfee.svg?1716491272)

## Choose your own fees

There is no fee to receive bitcoins, and many wallets let you control how
large a fee to pay when spending. Most wallets have reasonable default fees,
and higher fees can encourage faster [confirmation](/en/you-need-to-
know#instant) of your transactions. Fees are unrelated to the amount
transferred, so it's possible to send 100,000 bitcoins for the same fee it
costs to send 1 bitcoin.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_control.svg?1716491272)

## Protection against fraud

Any business that accepts credit cards or PayPal knows the problem of payments
that are later reversed. Chargeback frauds result in limited market reach and
increased prices, which in turn penalizes customers. Bitcoin payments are
irreversible and secure, meaning that the cost of fraud is no longer pushed
onto the shoulders of the merchants.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_international.svg?1716491272)

## Fast international payments

Sending bitcoins across borders is as easy as sending them across the street.
There are no banks to make you wait three business days, no extra fees for
making an international transfer, and no special limitations on the minimum or
maximum amount you can send.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_pci.svg?1716491272)

## No PCI compliance required

Accepting credit cards online typically requires extensive security checks in
order to comply with the PCI standard. Bitcoin still requires you to [secure
your wallet](/en/secure-your-wallet) and your payment requests, however, you
do not carry the costs and responsibilities that come with processing
sensitive information from your customers like with credit card numbers.

![Icon](/img/icons/ico_visib.svg?1716491272)

## Get some free visibility

Bitcoin is an emerging market of new customers who are searching for ways to
spend their bitcoins. Accepting them is a good way to get new customers and
give your business some new visibility. Accepting a new payment method has
often shown to be a clever practice for online businesses.

![Icon](/img/icons/multi-signature.svg?1716491272)

## Multi-signature

Bitcoin also includes a multi-signature feature which allows bitcoins to be
spent only if a subset of a group of people authorize the transaction. This
can be used by a board of directors, for example, to prevent members from
making expenditures without enough consent from other members, as well as to
track which members permitted particular transactions.

![Icon](/img/icons/transparency.svg?1716491272)

## Accounting transparency

Many organizations are required to produce accounting documents about their
activity. Using Bitcoin allows you to offer the highest level of transparency
since you can provide information to verify balances and transactions through
the block chain. For example, non-profit organizations can allow the public to
see how much they receive in donations.

[Get started with Bitcoin](/en/getting-started)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/bitcoin-untuk-bisnis)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/bitcoin-per-empreses)
      * [Dansk](/da/bitcoin-for-virksomheder)
      * [Deutsch](/de/bitcoin-fuer-unternehmen)
      * [English](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/bitcoin-para-empresas)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/bitcoin-pour-entreprises)
      * [Italiano](/it/bitcoin-per-imprese)
      * [Magyar](/hu/bitcoin-vallalkozasoknak)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/bitcoin-voor-bedrijven)
      * [Polski](/pl/bitcoin-dla-biznesu)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/bitcoin-para-empresas)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/bitcoin-pentru-companii)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/bitcoin-za-podjetja)
      * [Srpski](/sr/bitkoin-za-preduzeca)
      * [Svenska](/sv/bitcoin-for-foretag)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/isletmeler-icin-bitcoin)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ááááá](/km/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/bitcoin-for-businesses)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/bitcoin-for-businesses)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

