  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Dogwifhat (WIF)](/blog/dogwifhat-WIF)

##### MEME Coins

# A Beginner's Guide to Dogwifhat (WIF)

Published on: Mar 13, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Dogwifhat (WIF)?**
  * **Dogwifhat: Recent Price Action**
  * **How does Dogwifhat Compare to Other Meme Coins?**
  * **Dogwifhat Tokenomics**
  * **How to Buy Dogwifhat Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit Dogwifhat to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Explore the Solana-based meme coin, Dogwifhat (WIF). Let's take a look at
Dogwifhat's origins, recent price action, and how it stacks up to other meme
coins.

![A Beginner's Guide to Dogwifhat
\(WIF\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fdogwifhat_guide_0754207e2a.png&w=3840&q=75)

Meme coins, like [Dogwifhat (WIF)](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-wallet),
have taken the market by storm recently. But what sets Dogwifhat apart? Join
us as we navigate through the basics of Dogwifhat, exploring its rise amidst
the meme coin craze, and uncovering what sets it apart.

Before we dive into the exciting world of Dogwifhat, remember that you can
easily deposit, manage, buy, and sell WIF using Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is Dogwifhat (WIF)?

[Dogwifhat (WIF)](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-wallet) is a popular
[Solana-based meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins).
The meme coin showcases a Shiba Inu wearing a distinctive pink knitted hat.
Unlike many cryptocurrencies that aim for technological innovations or
societal transformations, Dogwifhat takes a light-hearted approach, embracing
its identity as a simple meme coin. The name “WIF” itself is a playful
misspelling of “with,” further emphasizing the nature of the coin.

Despite its simplicity, [WIF](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-wallet) has
gathered significant attention within the crypto community, surpassing several
well-established meme coins in trading volume and market cap. Its rise to
prominence showcases the charm of meme culture in the crypto space and
highlights the community's appreciation for creativity and humor.

Dogwifhat has grown exponentially since its launch in late November 2023. This
despite its minimal utility. The project’s website describes the coin as
“literally just a dog with a hat.”

![dogwifhat-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fdogwifhat_guide_2_f296344023.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Meme Coin Culture

[Meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-spot-a-trending-meme-coin)
culture thrives on a sense of community. Fans come together for potential
profits, and to enjoy a shared sense of belonging. Whether it's through online
groups or virtual meetups, meme coin communities connect people who share a
passion for a specific meme or idea.

Meme coins also shake up traditional views on cryptocurrency value. While some
see them as mere fun or speculation, others view them as a way to express
themselves and make a statement about culture. By using memes as currency,
meme coins blend entertainment and finance, prompting people to think
differently about digital assets.

[Investing in meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-spot-a-trending-
meme-coin) carries inherent risks, owing to their speculative nature and
reliance on social media trends. Before diving into meme coin investments,
conduct thorough research, understand the tokenomics and underlying
technology.

## Dogwifhat: Recent Price Action

[Dogwifhat (WIF)](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-wallet) has had a wild
ride since its launch. While its exact origin story remains shrouded in a bit
of mystery (which is typical for many meme coins), its price action has been
exponential. Since its inception, [WIF](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto)
has soared a massive 1,150%, reaching an all-time high (ATH) of $2.46. The WIF
price has experienced some correction, currently sitting at around $2.08.

![dogwifhat-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fdogwifhat_guide_3_392e15a081.png&w=3840&q=75)

This incredible growth was likely fueled by a combination of factors,
including:

  * **Popular exchange listing hype:** Rumors of potential listings on popular crypto exchanges, sparked excitement among retail investors, driving up demand for WIF.

  * **Meme coin mania:** The broader meme coin market, including Dogecoin and Shiba Inu leading the charge, is experiencing a bullish run. Dogwifhat is likely benefiting from the spillover effect.

As with most things in the cryptocurrency world, what goes up doesn't always
stay up. What’s next for Dogwifhat? Only time will tell.

## How does Dogwifhat Compare to Other Meme Coins?

Dogwifhat has carved a niche for itself in the ever-expanding world of meme
coins. Here's how it stacks up against its fellow meme coin competitors:

### Blockchain

Unlike [Dogecoin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-dogecoin-
doge) (a fork of Litecoin) and [Shiba Inu](https://trustwallet.com/shiba-inu-
wallet) (ERC-20 token on Ethereum), Dogwifhat resides on the [Solana
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide). This translates to potentially faster transaction speeds and
lower fees compared to its competitors. This advantage is especially crucial
during periods of high network congestion.

### Community and Hype

Similar to most meme coins, [Dogwifhat](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-
wallet) thrives on a passionate online community. While established players
like Dogecoin and Shiba Inu boast larger communities, Dogwifhat's recent surge
indicates that it has potential to catch up quickly. It is, however, community
hype can be a double-edged sword, influencing rapid price swings.

### Utility and Use Case

Most meme coins are criticized for lacking real-world utility beyond payments.
While Dogwifhat's primary focus is currently on its meme status, there's
always the potential for future development plans to emerge.

Dogwifhat presents itself as a faster and potentially cheaper alternative to
some established meme coins. Its recent growth demonstrates its ability to
capture investor interest. The long-term viability of any meme coin, however,
relies heavily on maintaining community excitement and potentially evolving
beyond just its meme status.

## Dogwifhat Tokenomics

Unlike some meme coins with complex features like staking or burning
mechanisms, Dogwifhat has kept things simple:

  * **Fixed supply:** There's a max supply of approximately 998.9 million WIF tokens, and no plans for further creation. A fixed supply could contribute to price appreciation if demand rises.

  * **No staking or burning:** WIF doesn't currently offer staking rewards or token burning mechanisms. These features, while common in other cryptocurrencies, are absent in Dogwifhat's design.

  * **Pure speculation:** The value of WIF primarily relies on community sentiment and speculative interest. Unlike some coins with utility applications, Dogwifhat doesn't offer any specific use cases beyond being a meme coin.

This simple tokenomic structure reflects the core nature of Dogwifhat - a meme
coin that thrives on community hype and speculative interest. It's important
to remember that with this approach, the price is highly susceptible to market
fluctuations.

## How to Buy Dogwifhat Using Trust Wallet

You can easily [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), including the
[Dogwifhat meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/dogwifhat-wallet) using Trust
Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Dogwifhat” or “WIF” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of WIF you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![dogwifhat-guide-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fdogwifhat_guide_1_6d3190c99b.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit Dogwifhat to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying Dogwifhat directly using Trust Wallet, you can also
deposit Dogwifhat from another wallet address or from a centralized exchange.
Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Dogwifhat” or “WIF” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

