Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

Â© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)

[ Crypto Investigations ](/solution/crypto-investigations/)

  * [Discover](/solution/crypto-investigations-discover/)
  * [Analyze](/solution/crypto-investigations-analyze/)
  * [Pursue](/solution/crypto-investigations-pursue/)

# Crypto Investigations Solution

## Tackling the challenges of crypto crime

Gain mission-critical intelligence to navigate crypto crime, ensure
compliance, and advance your investigations. Enrich your operations with
trusted, data-driven insights for swift, decisive action against crypto-
related threats.

[View capabilities](/solution/crypto-investigations-discover/) [Request a
demo](/request-a-demo/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
header-photo.jpg)

## $24.2 billion

in transactions by illicit addresses

## $11 billion+

in stolen funds weâve helped recover

## 58,000+

services linked to 1 billion+ addresses

## 1,300+

customers collaborating worldwide

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
diagram.svg)

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-
discover.svg) Discover leads Identify valuable leads and target information
with a comprehensive blockchain search to guide and prioritize investigations.
](/solution/crypto-investigations-discover/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-analyze.svg)
Analyze activities Reveal the full scope of criminal activity by tracing
transactions to understand networks and relationships with advanced analytics.
](/solution/crypto-investigations-analyze/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/icon-pursue.svg)
Pursue threats Make more informed decisions, enforce compliance, and safeguard
communities with actionable intelligence. ](/solution/crypto-investigations-
pursue/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/crime-report-
thumb.png)

## The Chainalysis 2024 Crypto Crime Report

Read our original research and analysis on the latest trends in cryptocurrency
crime.

[Download](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-crime-2024.html)

## Law Enforcement

Effectively combat and prevent crypto crime with advanced analytics and
intelligence. Focus areas include:

  * Financial fraud detection
  * Terrorism financing
  * Identifying local and international fraud schemes
  * Disrupting organized criminal networks such as CSAM and drug trafficking
  * Preventing cyber extortion such as ransomware

[Learn more![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/link-
icon.svg)](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
law-2.jpg)

## **Regulators**

Ensure market integrity and effective regulatory compliance with precise,
real-time monitoring and enforcement. Focus areas include:

  * Monitoring illicit crypto activities
  * Enforcing AML compliance
  * Overseeing crypto transactions

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)![](/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/link-icon.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
regulators.jpg)

## **Tax Agencies**

Ensure accurate crypto tax reporting and optimize revenue recovery with
detailed transaction analysis. Focus areas include:

  * Tracking crypto and digital asset holdings for tax compliance
  * Tracing accurate crypto transactions for tax reporting
  * Detecting tax evasion schemes involving crypto
  * Recovering tax revenues from undisclosed crypto assets

[Learn more![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/link-
icon.svg)](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
tax.jpg)

## **Private Sector**

Strengthen risk management and ensure compliance through comprehensive due
diligence and proactive fraud monitoring. Focus areas include:

  * Conducting thorough background checks for crypto transactions
  * Monitoring for signs of illicit activity to prevent fraud
  * Safeguarding customer assets from crypto-related threats
  * Ensuring adherence to evolving digital asset regulatory requirements

[Learn more![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/link-
icon.svg)](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/investigations-
private-sector.jpg)

## Advance your investigations with blockchain intelligence and expertise

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/icon-data.svg)

### Data

Access the industryâs most complete mapping of on-chain activities to real-
world identities, trusted globally for its unrivaled accuracy and
comprehensive coverage.

This robust data foundation supports governments and the private sector in
uncovering and understanding crypto-related activity with confidence.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-data/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/icon-education.svg)

### Education

Enhance crypto investigative skills with specialized training, led by
experienced professionals with decades of cumulative experience in law
enforcement, intelligence, prosecution and compliance.

Our programs, available globally in multiple languages, are practical and can
be tailored to the unique needs faced by government agencies.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/icon-research.svg)

### Research

Access the industryâs most in-depth analyses and insights into crypto
adoption, crypto crime, market trends, and industry developments, developed by
leading subject matter experts.

Our research helps businesses to make informed decisions by providing
evidence-based information that helps with strategy formulation and product
development.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/solutions-icon-
education.svg)

### Investigation Services

Advance investigative efforts with tailored expert support, combining deep
technical knowledge with extensive field experience.

Our multidisciplinary specialist team accelerates the resolution of complex
inquiries, improving operational efficiency and decision-making processes.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-
programs/)

> We've collaborated with Chainalysis directly on a couple of recent
> investigations. One that comes to mind, is a pig butchering case, an
> investment scam, where the loss exceeded $1,000,000. We were able to engage
> directly with the Chainalysis Investigations team, and not only were they
> able to trace through, but we were also able to follow what they traced one
> more hop to a real-world known entity, which we served legal process on."
>
> ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/grabowski.jpg)
>
> Michael Grabowski
>
> Detective, Statewide Organized Crime Investigative Task Force, Connecticut
> State Police

## Get started with Chainalysis

[Request a demo](/request-a-demo/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=9f154d67-ddab-4121-a780-646e6eb8208d&sid=e107a4201cfe11ef95d27fbf0311ed09&vid=e107d7e01cfe11ef9f839b77dcb98ad6&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Crypto%20Investigations%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fcrypto-
investigations%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=854999)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=77e54118-e100-4861-b70d-6f29c23c7f81&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=06a520f5-2a85-47ae-
be42-130702df217e&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fcrypto-
investigations%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=77e54118-e100-4861-b70d-6f29c23c7f81&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=06a520f5-2a85-47ae-
be42-130702df217e&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fcrypto-
investigations%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=5efe9590b0ed4ba0d738ee213ab98cf8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fcrypto-
investigations%2F&_biz_t=1716906649217&_biz_i=Crypto%20Investigations%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=916928&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906649609)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=5efe9590b0ed4ba0d738ee213ab98cf8&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fcrypto-
investigations%2F&_biz_t=1716906649610&_biz_i=Crypto%20Investigations%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=931307&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906649610)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking âAccept All Cookiesâ, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

