Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# The decentralized future of banking

  *  __ June 30, 2021
  *  __5 min
  *  __Thomas Pecha (Business Development Director, DACH at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-decentralized-future-of-banking%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-decentralized-future-of-banking%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

I have spent my whole career in banking and fintech and I have experienced
firsthand multiple phases of technology disruption. The next one is
decentralized finance.

### Financial services provision is entering a new phase

When I finished my undergraduate studies in IT, like many of my generation I
went to work for a financial institution. It was a logical step. Banking is an
IT intensive industry where there was a lot of scope to capitalize on
technology to drive efficiencies and I ran a number of successful automation
programs.

But, over time, I realized that it was easier to effect more meaningful change
from the outside. Working first as a consultant and then at a fintech company,
I helped banks to capitalize on internet technologies to change their delivery
models. Essentially, I introduced into banks platforms that would help them to
deliver more seamless and personalized customer experiences and advice, which
is what the last wave of creative disruption has been all about.

But we are now entering a new phase. So far, technology made banking more
efficient, more convenient and, more recently, more personalized. Now
technology promises to make banking fairer and more inclusive by making it
more decentralized.



### [![The future of finance METACO crypto assets](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2020/11/The-future-of-finance-METACO-crypto-assets-
scaled.jpg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/The-
future-of-finance-METACO-crypto-assets-scaled.jpg?x88149)

### Decentralized finance is about more than crypto

[Decentralized finance](https://www.metaco.com/decentralized/) to many has
become synonymous with [Ethereum](https://www.metaco.com/ethereum/) apps and
[Bitcoin](https://www.metaco.com/bitcoin/), but it goes much further.
Decentralized finance is about taking the trust that we invest in key
gatekeepers, such as exchanges or correspondent banks, and distributing it;
essentially, making trust intrinsic to all financial interactions rather than
a layer on top.

This is a gamechanger. It will reduce the cost of financial intermediation,
opening up banking to hundreds of millions of people and millions of
businesses that are underserved or not served at all. It will also democratize
asset ownership since the cost of issuance and exchange will drop, opening up
both more asset classes and a larger pool of potential investors. It also
promises to galvanize industry in general, both through first order
consequences of lower fees as well as second order consequences of more access
to finance and more frictionless peer-to-peer exchanges.

Banks won’t disappear, but their roles will change. They will become the
gateways between the traditional world of centralized finance and the [new
world of decentralized
finance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/), opening up new – and
less asset-intensive – revenues in
[custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/),
[trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/) and staking. This is why I
decided to change roles, to be in a position to once again help financial
institutions to navigate successfully a major technological revolution.

### Why METACO

There are many other firms providing financial institutions secure platforms
for issuing, trading, tokenizing and safeguarding digital assets. The reason I
chose to join METACO is because it has focused on the need to go further, to
provide orchestration capabilities.

[Orchestration capabilities](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/orchestration-key-
capitalizing-digital-assets-adrien-treccani-ph-d-/) are critical to buy
optionality and to achieve the right level of security and control in a
complex environment.

The reason optionality matters is because the digital assets space is changing
fast. Firms need to make decisions about technology and about business models
that, while sound today, may prove to be unsound in light of market movements.
For example, a firm may want a direct-to-consumer model and then change its
mind and want to distribute its services through third parties. Orchestration
platforms allow for that level of flexibility since they split interaction
from orchestration from record keeping, allowing for agility across sourcing,
distribution and operating models.

Orchestration also matters to manage complexity. As firms grow in the digital
asset market, they realize that they need to work with multiple vaults, sub-
custodians, and liquidity providers, irrespective of whether their focus is
trading, custody, or tokenization. This creates institutional challenges in
terms of security, with a proliferation of access points weakening end-to-end
processes.

[Orchestration platforms, like METACO
Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/), manage all of the
many-to-many interactions, providing the connectivity but just as importantly
acting as the overarching policy engine that ensures tight security management
and a single point of integration.

### Joining the revolution

I am totally convinced that the future of banking will be decentralized and
networked. I am equally convinced that the technology that financial firms
need to successfully and securely operate at scale in the nascent market is
Harmonize from METACO. If I can tell you more about METACO or discuss how your
business can capitalize on the digital asset opportunity, please reach out.



[![METACO Harmonize Diagram](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/06/METACO-Harmonize-
Diagram.jpg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/06/METACO-
Harmonize-Diagram.jpg?x88149)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

