Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# Learn by coding

## These tools will help you experiment with Ethereum if you prefer a more
interactive learning experience.

## Code sandboxes

These sandboxes will give you a space to experiment with writing smart
contracts and understanding Ethereum.

![Replit
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Freplit.6dd68c2b.png&w=256&q=75)

### Replit

A customizable development environment for Ethereum with hot reloading, error
checking, and first-class testnet support.

Solidityweb3

[Open Replit(opens in a new tab)](https://replit.com/@replit/Solidity-starter-
beta)

![Remix
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fremix.1c9e7ebf.png&w=256&q=75)

### Remix

Develop, deploy and administer smart contracts for Ethereum. Follow tutorials
with the LearnEth plugin.

SolidityVyper

[Open Remix(opens in a new tab)](https://remix.ethereum.org)

![Eth.build logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth-dot-
build.58e29fc8.png&w=256&q=75)

### Eth.build

An educational sandbox for web3, including drag-and-drop programming and open-
source building blocks.

web3

[Open Eth.build(opens in a new tab)](https://eth.build/)

![ChainIDE
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2FchainIDE.c377941d.png&w=256&q=75)

### ChainIDE

Get started on your journey to Web3 by writing smart contracts for Ethereum
with ChainIDE. Use the built-in templates to learn and save time.

Solidityweb3

[Open ChainIDE(opens in a new tab)](https://chainide.com/)

![Tenderly
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ftenderly.adf77a99.png&w=256&q=75)

### Tenderly

Tenderly Sandbox is a prototyping environment where you can write, execute,
and debug smart contracts in the browser using Solidity and JavaScript.

SolidityVyperweb3

[Open Tenderly(opens in a new tab)](https://sandbox.tenderly.co)

Remix, Replit, and ChainIDE aren't just sandboxesâ€”developers can write,
compile and deploy their smart contracts using them.

## Interactive game tutorials

Learn while you play. These tutorials get you through the basics using
gameplay.

![CryptoZombies logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcrypto-
zombie.ce1ee81a.png&w=256&q=75)

### CryptoZombies

Learn Solidity building your own Zombie game.

Solidity

[Open CryptoZombies(opens in a new tab)](https://cryptozombies.io/)

![Ethernauts
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Foz.b166c22d.png&w=256&q=75)

### Ethernauts

Complete levels by hacking smart contracts.

Solidity

[Open Ethernauts(opens in a new tab)](https://ethernaut.openzeppelin.com/)

![Capture the Ether
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcapturetheether.6119b465.png&w=256&q=75)

### Capture The Ether

Capture the Ether is a game in which you hack Ethereum smart contracts to
learn about security.

Solidity

[Open Capture The Ether(opens in a new tab)](https://capturetheether.com/)

## Developer bootcamps

Paid online courses to get you up to speed, fast.

![Platzi
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fplatzi.abfe8fa9.png&w=256&q=75)

### Platzi

Learn how to build dapps on Web3 and master all the skills needed to be a
blockchain developer.

Solidityweb3

[Open Platzi(opens in a new tab)](https://platzi.com/escuela/escuela-
blockchain/)

![ChainShot
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fchainshot.ed3548d6.png&w=256&q=75)

### ChainShot

Remote, instructor-led Ethereum developer bootcamp and additional courses.

SolidityVyperweb3

[Open ChainShot(opens in a new tab)](https://www.chainshot.com)

![ConsenSys Academy
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fconsensys.010a1e78.png&w=256&q=75)

### ConsenSys Academy

Online Ethereum developer bootcamp.

Solidityweb3

[Open ConsenSys Academy(opens in a new
tab)](https://consensys.net/academy/bootcamp/)

![BloomTech
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbloomtech.c09325ed.png&w=256&q=75)

### BloomTech

The BloomTech Web3 course will teach you the skills employers look for in
engineers.

Solidityweb3

[Open BloomTech(opens in a new tab)](https://www.bloomtech.com/courses/web3)

![_buildspace
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbuildspace.f36fdc44.png&w=256&q=75)

### _buildspace

Learn about crypto by building cool projects.

Solidityweb3

[Open _buildspace(opens in a new tab)](https://buildspace.so)

![Questbook
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fquestbook.40e1f4a7.png&w=256&q=75)

### Questbook

Self paced tutorials to learn Web 3.0 by building

Solidityweb3

[Open Questbook(opens in a new tab)](https://learn.questbook.xyz/)

![_metaschool
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fmetaschool.48ca1c7c.png&w=256&q=75)

### Metaschool

Become a Web3 Developer by building & shipping dApps.

Solidityweb3

[Open Metaschool(opens in a new tab)](https://metaschool.so)

![NFT school
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnftschool.b1492102.png&w=256&q=75)

### NFT School

Explore what's going on with non-fungible tokens, or NFTs from the technical
side.

Solidityweb3

[Open NFT School(opens in a new tab)](https://nftschool.dev/)

![Pointer
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fpointer.4003a6f3.png&w=256&q=75)

### Pointer

Learn web3 dev skills with fun interactive tutorials. Earn crypto rewards
along the way

Solidityweb3

[Open Pointer(opens in a new tab)](https://pointer.gg/)

![Speed Run Ethereum
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fspeed-run-
ethereum.c2756c52.png&w=256&q=75)

### Speed Run Ethereum

Speed Run Ethereum is a set of challenges to test your Solidity knowledge
using Scaffold-ETH

Solidityweb3

[Open Speed Run Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://speedrunethereum.com/)

![Alchemy University
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Falchemyuniversity.d508182b.png&w=384&q=75)

### Alchemy University

Develop your web3 career through courses, projects and code.

Solidityweb3

[Open Alchemy University(opens in a new tab)](https://university.alchemy.com/)

![page-index-tout-enterprise-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fenterprise-
eth.d2a3f314.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Learn with documentation

Want to learn more? Go to our documentation to find the explanations you need.

[Browse docs](/en/developers/docs/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

