Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcommunity-
hero.89b5ba2f.png&w=1920&q=75)

# Join the community

## Welcome to the Ethereum community hub

The Ethereum community is home to hundreds of thousands of developers,
technologists, designers, users, HODLers and enthusiasts.

## Why get involved?

### Find your tribe

There is a tribe for everyone. Find and connect with like minded individuals
to discuss, ponder, and celebrate Ethereum together.

### Earn a living

Everyone has bills to pay. Ethereum allows you to find meaningful work, and
get paid well to do it.

### Make a difference

Getting involved with Ethereum allows you to be an active stakeholder in a
technology that is having a positive impact on millions of people.

## How can I get involved?

There are many ways to get involved in the fast-growing Ethereum community;
you can join one of the popular online communities, attend an event, join a
meetup group, contribute to a project, or participate in one of the many
online forums about Ethereum.

![Get Involved](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdevelopers-eth-
blocks.62390e1a.png&w=1920&q=75)

![page-index-get-started-wallet-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcore.eca93173.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Join an online community](/en/community/online/)

Find your tribe and participate in community with other Ethereum enthusiasts.

![page-index-get-started-eth-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth.28aff33d.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)

Find and participate in an Ethereum conference, hackathon, or meetup.

![page-index-get-started-dapps-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Contribute to a project](/en/community/get-involved/)

Check out how to get involved for a list of ways that you can contribute based
on your skills and professional background.

![page-index-get-started-dapps-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffuture_transparent.465fbd2d.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Search for grants](/en/community/grants/)

Funding grants are available to help you get a project off the ground.

## Creator? Builder? Get paid for your work.

Are you building on Ethereum, or do you want to? Companies are hiring for
thousands of technical and non-technical roles. Got an idea of your own? Try
finding a grant to get your project off the ground.

[Find a job](/en/community/get-involved/#ethereum-jobs/)[Explore
grants](/en/community/grants/)

![Get paid for your work](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwhat-
is-ethereum.b37ce60e.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Contribute to ethereum.org

For many people, ethereum.org is their first step into the ecosystem. It is
kept up-to-date and accurate by thousands of open-source contributors. Want to
help? Read our guide on contributing, or take up an issue on our GitHub.

[More on contributing](/en/contributing/)[View on GitHub(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/)

![page-index-internet-image-
alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffinance_transparent.a4abc782.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Ethereum support

Need support? There is no official Ethereum support, but hundreds of helpful
communities are available to help you prosper on Ethereum.

[Get support](/en/community/support/)

![Support](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhackathon_transparent.0818b178.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Try Ethereum for yourself

![Get some
ETH](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth.28aff33d.png&w=640&q=75)

### Get some ETH

ETH is the native currency of Ethereum. You'll need some ETH in your wallet to
use Ethereum applications.

[Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)

![Explore dapps](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=640&q=75)

### Try some dapps

Dapps are applications built on Ethereum. Dapps are disrupting current
business models and inventing new ones.

[Explore dapps](/en/dapps/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

