Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)

[Blog](/blog/)

#  Policy & Regulation

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/policy-vara-
blogheader-01-800x400.jpg) Policy & Regulation  In conversation with the
world’s first and only standalone virtual assets regulator: Dubai’s Virtual
Assets Regulatory Authority May 28, 2024  Amidst the resurgence in global
crypto markets, governments across the world are working to implement
comprehensive regulatory frameworks and enact…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/in-conversation-with-the-worlds-first-and-
only-standalone-virtual-assets-regulator-dubais-virtual-assets-regulatory-
authority/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/shutterstock-2436157211-800x450.jpg) Policy &
Regulation  What FATF’s Report on Recommendation 15 Means for Regulators &
Private Sector March 29, 2024  On March 28, 2024, the global money laundering
and terrorist financing watchdog, Financial Action Task Force (FATF),
published a table… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/fatf-r-15-update/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/caroline-800x372.jpg) Policy & Regulation  DeFi
Regulation: Practical Next Steps to Make the Industry Safer February 28, 2024
How Decentralized Finance (DeFi) should be regulated is part of a broader
debate about how we control technologies that operate…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/defi-regulation-practical-next-steps-to-
make-the-industry-safer/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/uk-digital-assets-min-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy &
Regulation  An update on the UK’s Economic Crime and Corporate Transparency
Act (ECCT) October 27, 2023  The story of cryptocurrency in the United Kingdom
is one of evolving scrutiny and growing recognition that regulatory and
legislative… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/an-update-on-the-uks-economic-
crime-and-corporate-transparency-act-ecct/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/irs-crypto-
min-800x533.jpg) Policy & Regulation  IRS Update: U.S. Proposed Tax
Regulations Outline Information Reporting Obligations for Crypto Exchanges and
Others September 22, 2023  Roger M. Brown is the Global Head of Tax Strategy
at Chainalysis. On August 25, 2023, the U.S. Internal Revenue…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/proposed-irs-crypto-exchange-tax-reporting-
regulations/) [ ![EU parliament in plenary
session](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/shutterstock-1630062823-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy &
Regulation  The MiCA Marathon: Are we reaching the finishing line? April 20,
2023  Today, the EU Parliament voted to pass MiCA - the first comprehensive,
EU-wide rules for crypto asset service providers and different crypto assets
(including stablecoins). ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/the-mica-
marathon/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/cbdc-
min-scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Policy & Regulation  The Current State of Central
Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) in 2023 March 27, 2023  Blockchain technology
has made digital payments faster and easier than ever, and allowed for the
proliferation of new cryptocurrencies for…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/central-bank-digital-currencies-cbdc/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/uk-digital-assets-
min-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy & Regulation  Ambition to Action: The UK as a
Digital Asset Hub in 2023 January 10, 2023  In April 2022, the UK Government
and then Chancellor Rishi Sunak first stated the ambition “to turn the UK
into… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/uk-digital-asset-hub-2023/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/treasury-ofac-min-
scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy & Regulation  OFAC Sanctions Internet-based
Suppliers of Illicit Fentanyl and Other Synthetic Drugs November 9, 2022
Today, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC) sanctioned three individuals and nine entities associated…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-sanctions-suppliers-of-illicit-
fentanyl/) [ ![A close up of the US Capitol East Front in the
sunshine](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/shutterstock-1122138182-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy &
Regulation  The Opportunity Before Congress on Crypto Legislation November 1,
2022  Our comprehensive look at crypto legislation and what we might expect in
the coming months or in the soon-to-be-elected 118th Congress.
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/opportunity-congress-crypto-legislation/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/oecd-min-
scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy & Regulation  Reporting Obligations of the OECD
Crypto Asset Reporting Framework October 25, 2022  The OECD recently published
their framework designed to help tax authorities administer tax rules when
taxpayers invest in Crypto-Assets outside…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/oecd-crypto-asset-reporting-framework-
reporting-obligations/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/eu-mica-min-scaled-1-800x422.jpg) Policy & Regulation
The EU Crypto Regulation Marathon: Another Step Closer to the Finish Line
October 19, 2022  On 10 October, the European Parliament’s Committee on
Economic and Monetary Affairs (ECON) voted to support the MiCA (Markets in…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/eu-cryptocurrency-regulations-
october-2022/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/shutterstock-526074640-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy &
Regulation  Breaking Down the White House Framework on Crypto September 27,
2022  The White House recently released their first-ever framework on digital
assets. We're breaking it down in this blog post.
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/white-house-crypto-framework/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/treasury-ofac-min-
scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy & Regulation  OFAC Sanctions Iranian Nationals
For Their Role in Cyber Attacks, Including Ransomware September 15, 2022
Yesterday, the U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) added
ten Iranian nationals and two businesses to its Specially…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-sanctions-iran-september-2022/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/shutterstock-1480727477-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Policy &
Regulation  Understanding Tornado Cash, Its Sanctions Implications, and Key
Compliance Questions August 30, 2022  The crypto mixer Tornado Cash is a
decentralized, non-custodial smart contract. This makes sanctions compliance
complicated—here's why. ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/tornado-cash-
sanctions-challenges/)

## Posts navigation

1 [2](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/page/2/)
[3](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/page/3/)
[4](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/page/4/)
[5](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/page/5/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=f5069c90-0bbe-4c5c-9d79-8bd39fa01970&sid=c2223c501cfe11efa260533465770deb&vid=c22235a01cfe11ef95a7afca8fe53973&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Policy%20%26%20Regulation%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fpolicy-
and-regulation%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=100740)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=da677d01-1fdf-4a86-abe7-326c810a523e&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0eb5e860-6446-4c07-a887-21d4f6c0744d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fpolicy-
and-
regulation%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=da677d01-1fdf-4a86-abe7-326c810a523e&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0eb5e860-6446-4c07-a887-21d4f6c0744d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fpolicy-
and-
regulation%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=93f11e9f6eb04f9dc0d0540d8492aa29&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fpolicy-
and-
regulation%2F&_biz_t=1716906597403&_biz_i=Policy%20%26%20Regulation%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=552191&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906597790)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=93f11e9f6eb04f9dc0d0540d8492aa29&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fpolicy-
and-
regulation%2F&_biz_t=1716906597791&_biz_i=Policy%20%26%20Regulation%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=768912&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906597791)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

