![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/AhUvfvqAQxu6ebEBOZSlbvFNo.png)

Terms & Condition

These Terms of Service (these "Terms") govern the use of the Solayer website,
www.solayer.org (the "Website"), and all related services, tools, and
functionality provided by Solayer, operated by or on behalf of Solayer Labs,
Inc. ("Solayer", "we", or "us"). By accessing and/or using the Services, you
agree to these Terms. If you do not understand or agree to these Terms, please
do not use the Services.â¨â¨  
For purposes of these Terms, "you" and "your" means you as the user of the
Services. If you use the Services on behalf of a company or other entity, then
"you" includes you and that entity. By using the Services on behalf of such
entity, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these
Terms on behalf of such entity.â¨â¨

  

SECTION 9 CONTAINS AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. BY AGREEING
TO THESE TERMS, YOU AGREE (A) TO RESOLVE ALL DISPUTES (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION)
RELATED TO THE SOLAYER'S SERVICES AND/OR PRODUCTS THROUGH BINDING INDIVIDUAL
ARBITRATION, WHICH MEANS THAT YOU WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO HAVE THOSE DISPUTES
DECIDED BY A JUDGE OR JURY, AND (B) TO WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN
CLASS ACTIONS, CLASS ARBITRATIONS, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTIONS, AS SET FORTH
BELOW. YOU HAVE THE RIGHT TO OPT-OUT OF THE ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND THE CLASS
ACTION WAIVER AS EXPLAINED IN SECTION 9.

Services

Who May Use the Services; User Accounts

The Testnet

Location of Our Privacy Policy AND OTHER POLICIES

Rights We Grant You

Ownership and Content

Third Party Services and Materials

Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

Additional Provisions

Services

Services:  
The Services provided by Solayer include a front-end interface (the "App")
designed to display data that facilitates users interfacing with a set of
decentralized open-sourced smart contracts that allow for the restaking of
digital assets, specifically on the Solana blockchain. These underlying smart
contracts are referred to herein as the "Protocol." The Services also provide
documentation available at docs.solayer.org related to the App and Protocol
("Documentation"). The Protocol itself is not part of the Services, and your
use of the Protocol is entirely at your own risk. Additionally, the third-
party technologies required to be used or interacted with to access the
Protocol, including but not limited to a Wallet (as defined below, and
collectively the "Third-Party Tools"), are not part of the Services, and your
use of such Third-Party Tools is entirely at your own risk. The App is
separate and distinct from the Protocol and any Third-Party Tools and is one
such front-end interface but is not essential to accessing the Protocol. The
App merely displays blockchain data and provides a web application that
reduces the complexity of using the Third-Party Tools to access the Protocol.
All activity on the Protocol is run by permissionless smart contracts, and
other developers are free to create their own interfaces to function with the
Protocol.

  

Wallets:  
To use certain aspects of the Services, you may need to link a third-party
digital wallet ("Wallet") with the Services. By using a Wallet in connection
with the Services, you agree that you are subject to the terms and conditions
of the applicable third-party provider of such Wallet. Solayer is not
associated with, maintained by, supported by, or affiliated with any Wallet
provider. Solayer accepts no responsibility or liability to you in connection
with your use of a Wallet. You retain control over your digital assets at all
times when interacting with the Services. Solayer has no ability to help you
access or recover your private keys and/or seed phrases for your Wallet, so
please keep them in a safe place.

  

Updates, Monitoring:  
Solayer may make improvements, modifications, or updates to the Services from
time to time. Your continued access and use of the Services are subject to
such updates, and you shall accept any patches, system upgrades, bug fixes,
feature modifications, or other maintenance work that arise out of such
updates. Solayer reserves the right to monitor access to or participation in
the Services for the purpose of operating the Services, ensuring compliance
with the Terms, and complying with applicable laws or legal requirements.

  

Fees:  
Solayer may charge or pass through fees for some or part of the Services
provided to you, including transaction or processing fees, blockchain gas or
similar network fees. We will disclose the amount of fees we will charge or
pass through to you for the applicable Service at the time you access, use, or
otherwise transact with the Services. Although we will attempt to provide
accurate fee information, any such information reflects our estimate of fees,
which may vary from the fees actually paid to use the Services and interact
with the applicable blockchain with which the Services are compatible.
Additionally, your external Wallet provider may impose a fee to transact on
the Services. We are not responsible for any fees charged by a third party.
All transactions processed through the Services are non-refundable. You will
be responsible for paying any and all taxes, duties, and assessments
associated with your use of the Services. In certain cases, your transactions
through the Services may not be successful due to an error with the blockchain
or the Wallet. We accept no responsibility or liability to you for any such
failed transactions, or any transaction or gas fees that may be incurred by
you in connection with such failed transactions. You acknowledge and agree
that all information you provide with respect to transactions on the Services,
including, without limitation, credit card, bank account, PayPal or other
payment information is accurate, current and complete, and you have the legal
right to use such payment method.

  

**Who May Use the Services:**  
  
You must be 18 years of age or older and not be a Prohibited Person to use the
Services. A "Prohibited Person" is any person or entity that is (a) listed on
any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties, including the
U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S.
Department of Commerce Denied Person's List or Entity List, (b) located or
organized in any U.S. embargoed countries or any country that has been
designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting," or (c) owned or
controlled by such persons or entities listed in (a)-(b). You acknowledge and
agree that you are solely responsible for complying with all applicable laws
of the jurisdiction you are located or accessing the Services from in
connection with your use of the Services. By using the Services, you represent
and warrant that you meet these requirements and will not be using the
Services for any illegal activity or to engage in the prohibited activities.

  

To use certain aspects of the Services, such as the Research Forum, you need
to create an account or link another account ("Account"). You agree to provide
us with accurate, complete and updated information for your Account. You are
solely responsible for any activity on your Account and maintaining the
confidentiality and security of your password. We are not liable for any acts
or omissions by you in connection with your Account. You must immediately
notify us if you know or have any reason to suspect that your Account or
password have been stolen, misappropriated or otherwise compromised, or in
case of any actual or suspected unauthorized use of your Account. You agree
not to create any Account if we have previously removed yours, or we
previously banned you from any of our Services, unless we provide written
consent otherwise.  

  

We may require you to provide additional information and documents regarding
your use of the Services, including at the request of any competent authority
or in case of application of any applicable law or regulation, including laws
related to anti-money laundering or for counteracting financing of terrorism.
We may also require you to provide additional information or documents in
cases where we have reason to believe: (i) that your Wallet is being used for
illegal money laundering or for any other illegal activity; or (ii) you have
concealed or reported false identification information or other details.

The testnet

Purpose and Participation:  
The Testnet is designed to demonstrate the functionality and features of the
App (or any portion thereof) and to improve participant experiences prior to
the App's launch. YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE TESTNET IS ENTIRELY VOLUNTARY, BUT
IF YOU ARE PARTICIPATING IN THE TESTNET, YOU MUST STRICTLY ADHERE TO THESE
TERMS. We make no representation or warranty that the Testnet will accurately
or completely simulate, duplicate, or replicate the App.  

Duration:  
The availability of the Testnet will commence on the date prescribed by the
Company and continue until terminated by the Company in its sole discretion.
Notwithstanding any other information provided by the Company regarding the
Testnet (including on the Website, blog posts, or through other communications
(such as forums, Telegram, Github, Discord, or other channels)), the Company
may change, discontinue, or terminate, temporarily or permanently, all or any
part of the Testnet, at any time and without notice, at its sole discretion
(including prior to providing any incentives or rewards). The Company may
retain control or upgradeability over certain aspects of the Testnet that it
will not retain on Mainnet.  

Testnet Eligibility:  
Your participation in the Testnet (or any portion thereof) may be subject to
eligibility criteria determined by the Company in its sole discretion
(including, without limitation, geographical distribution and applicant
reputation). By applying or registering, there is no promise or guarantee that
you will be able to participate in the Testnet. Notwithstanding any other
information provided by the Company regarding the Testnet (including on the
Website, blog posts, or through other communications (such as forums,
Telegram, Github, Discord, or other channels)), the Company may change or
modify at any time the number of participants eligible to participate in the
Testnet or the requirements of the Testnet and terminate any participant's
participation in the Testnet at any time. The Testnet may operate in certain
phases. Your selection or participation in any one phase of the Testnet does
not imply that you will be selected for any other phases of the Testnet. The
Company reserves the right to block your access to the Testnet at any time in
its sole discretion.  

No Monetary Value:  
In your use of the Testnet, you may interact with or transfer certain
cryptocurrencies or other digital assets on the Testnet ("Testnet Tokens"),
such as Testnet Tokens obtained through a faucet. Testnet Tokens are not, and
shall never convert to or accrue to become any other tokens or virtual assets.
Testnet Tokens are virtual items with no monetary value. Testnet Tokens do not
constitute any currency or property of any type and are not redeemable,
refundable, or eligible for any fiat or digital currency or anything else of
value. Testnet Tokens are not transferable between users outside of the
Testnet, and you may not attempt to sell, trade, or transfer any Testnet
Tokens outside of the Testnet, or obtain any manner of credit using any
Testnet Tokens. Any attempt to sell, trade, or transfer any Testnet Tokens
outside of the Testnet will be null and void. Testnet Tokens will not be
converted into any future rewards offered by the Company.

**Location of Our Privacy Policy AND OTHER POLICIES**

**Privacy Policy:****  
**Our Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information you provide to us
when you use the Services. For an explanation of our privacy practices, please
visit our Privacy Policy located at Solayer Privacy Policy.

  

**Research Forum Community Guidelines:**  
Our Research Forum Community Guidelines available at Solayer Research Forum
Community Guidelines describe our rules of behavior and engagement when you
use the Research Forum, which are intended to foster a positive and engaging
community. All content that you upload or share to the Research Forum must
comply with the Research Forum Community Guidelines.

**Right we grant you**

Right to Use Services:  
We hereby permit you to use the Services for your personal non-commercial use
only, provided that you comply with these Terms in connection with all such
use. If any software, content, or other materials owned or controlled by us
are distributed to you as part of your use of the Services, we hereby grant
you, a personal, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, non-transferrable, and
non-exclusive right and license to access and display such software, content,
and materials provided to you as part of the Services, in each case for the
sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services as permitted by these Terms.
Your access and use of the Services may be interrupted from time to time for
any of several reasons, including, without limitation, the malfunction of
equipment, periodic updating, maintenance, or repair of the Service or other
actions that Company, in its sole discretion, may elect to take.  

**Right to Use Our APIs:****  
**Subject to these Terms, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive, non-
transferable, non-sublicensable, worldwide, revocable right and license to use
our APIs for the limited purposes set forth in the documentation for the
Services. Your use of our APIs must comply with the technical documentation,
usage guidelines, call volume limits, and other documentation maintained at
Solayer API Documentation or such other location we may designate from time to
time. We may terminate your right to use the API from time to time at any
time.  

**Restrictions On Your Use of the Services:**  
You may not do any of the following in connection with your use of the
Services, unless applicable laws or regulations prohibit these restrictions or
you have our written permission to do so:  

Download, modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce,
duplicate, publish, license, create derivative works from, or offer for sale
any information contained on, or obtained from or through, the Services,
except for temporary files that are automatically cached by your web browser
for display purposes, or as otherwise expressly permitted in these Terms;

  

Duplicate, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble or decode the Services
(including any underlying idea or algorithm), or attempt to do any of the
same;

  

Use, reproduce or remove any copyright, trademark, service mark, trade name,
slogan, logo, image, or other proprietary notation displayed on or through the
Services;

  

Use automation software (bots), hacks, modifications (mods), or any other
unauthorized third-party software designed to modify the Services;

  

Exploit the Services for any commercial purpose, including without limitation
communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation;

  

Access or use the Services in any manner that could disable, overburden,
damage, disrupt or impair the Services or interfere with any other party's
access to or use of the Services or use any device, software, or routine that
causes the same;

  

Attempt to gain unauthorized access to, interfere with, damage, or disrupt the
Services, accounts registered to other users, or the computer systems,
wallets, accounts, protocols, or networks connected to the Services;

Circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, or thwart any technological
measure or content protections of the Services or the computer systems,
wallets, accounts, protocols, or networks connected to the Services;

Use any robot, spider, crawlers, or other automatic device, process, software,
or queries that intercepts, "mines," scrapes, or otherwise accesses the
Services to monitor, extract, copy, or collect information or data from or
through the Services, or engage in any manual process to do the same;

  

Introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs, or other materials
that are malicious or technologically harmful into our systems;

  

Submit, transmit, display, perform, post, or store any content that is
inaccurate, unlawful, defamatory, obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy,
excessively violent, pornographic, invasive of privacy or publicity rights,
harassing, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, harmful, hateful, cruel, or
insensitive, deceptive, or otherwise objectionable, use the Services for
illegal, harassing, bullying, unethical, or disruptive purposes, or otherwise
use the Services in a manner that is obscene, lewd, lascivious, filthy,
excessively violent, harassing, harmful, hateful, cruel, or insensitive,
deceptive, threatening, abusive, inflammatory, pornographic, inciting,
organizing, promoting, or facilitating violence or criminal or harmful
activities, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise objectionable;

  

Violate any applicable law or regulation in connection with your access to or
use of the Services; or

Access or use the Services in any way not expressly permitted by these Terms.  

Interactions with Other Users on the Services:  
You are responsible for your interactions with other users on or through the
Services. While we reserve the right to monitor interactions between users, we
are not obligated to do so, and we cannot be held liable for your interactions
with other users, or for any user's actions or inactions. If you have a
dispute with one or more users, you release us (and our affiliates and
subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors, employees, and
agents) from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every
kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or in any way connected
with such disputes. In entering into this release you expressly waive any
protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would otherwise limit the
coverage of this release to include only those claims which you may know or
suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing to this release.

**Ownership and Content**

**Ownership of the Services:**  
The Services, including their "look and feel" (e.g., text, graphics, images,
logos), proprietary content, information, and other materials, are protected
under copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property laws. You agree
that the Company and/or its licensors own all right, title, and interest in
and to the Services (including any and all intellectual property rights
therein), and you agree not to take any action(s) inconsistent with such
ownership interests. We and our licensors reserve all rights in connection
with the Services and its content, including, without limitation, the
exclusive right to create derivative works.  

  

**Ownership of Trademarks:**  
The Company's name, trademarks, and logos and all related names, logos,
product and service names, designs, and slogans are trademarks of the Company
or its affiliates or licensors. Other names, logos, product and service names,
designs, and slogans that appear on the Services are the property of their
respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or
sponsored by us.  

  

**Ownership of Feedback:**  
We welcome feedback, bug reports, comments, and suggestions for improvements
to the Services ("Feedback"). You acknowledge and expressly agree that any
contribution of Feedback does not and will not give or grant you any right,
title, or interest in the Services or in any such Feedback. All Feedback
becomes the sole and exclusive property of the Company, and the Company may
use and disclose Feedback in any manner and for any purpose whatsoever without
further notice or compensation to you and without retention by you of any
proprietary or other right or claim. You hereby assign to the Company any and
all right, title, and interest (including, but not limited to, any patent,
copyright, trade secret, trademark, know-how, moral rights, and any and all
other intellectual property right) that you may have in and to any and all
Feedback.  

  

**Your Content License Grant:**  
In connection with your use of the Services, you may be able to post, upload,
or submit content to be made available through the Services ("Your Content"),
including on our Research Forum. In order to operate the Service, we must
obtain from you certain license rights in Your Content so that actions we take
in operating the Service are not considered legal violations. Accordingly, by
using the Service and uploading Your Content, you grant us a license to
access, use, host, cache, store, reproduce, transmit, display, publish,
distribute, and modify (for technical purposes) Your Content but solely as
required to be able to operate, improve and provide the Services. You agree
that these rights and licenses are royalty-free, transferable, sublicensable,
worldwide, and irrevocable (for so long as Your Content is stored with us),
and include a right for us to make Your Content available to, and pass these
rights along to, others with whom we have contractual relationships related to
the provision of the Services, solely for the purpose of providing such
Services, and to otherwise permit access to or disclose Your Content to third
parties if we determine such access is necessary to comply with our legal
obligations. As part of the foregoing license grant you agree that the other
users of the Services shall have the right to comment on and/or tag Your
Content and/or to use, publish, display, modify or include a copy of Your
Content as part of their own use of the Services; except that the foregoing
shall not apply to any of Your Content that you post privately for non-public
display on the Services. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
the Company reserves the right, and has absolute discretion, to remove,
screen, edit, or delete any of Your Content at any time, for any reason, and
without notice. By posting or submitting Your Content through the Services,
you represent and warrant that you have, or have obtained, all rights,
licenses, consents, permissions, power, and/or authority necessary to grant
the rights granted herein for Your Content. You agree that Your Content will
not contain material subject to copyright or other proprietary rights, unless
you have the necessary permission or are otherwise legally entitled to post
the material and to grant us the license described above.  

  

**Notice of Infringement -- DMCA (Copyright) Policy:**  
If you believe that any text, graphics, photos, audio, videos, or other
materials or works uploaded, downloaded, or appearing on the Services have
been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, you may submit a
notification to our copyright agent in accordance with 17 USC 512(c) of the
Digital Millennium Copyright Act (the "DMCA"), by providing the following
information in writing:

  

Identification of the copyrighted work that is claimed to be infringed;

  

Identification of the allegedly infringing material that is requested to be
removed, including a description of where it is located on the Service;

  

Information for our copyright agent to contact you, such as an address,
telephone number, and e-mail address;

A statement that you have a good faith belief that the identified, allegedly
infringing use is not authorized by the copyright owners, its agent or the
law;

  

A statement that the information above is accurate, and under penalty of
perjury, that you are the copyright owner or the authorized person to act on
behalf of the copyright owner; and

The physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf
of the owner of the copyright or of an exclusive right that is allegedly
infringed.  
  

Notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent by mail to: Solayer
Labs, Inc., Attn: Legal Department, 123 Main Street, Anytown, USA; or by
e-mail to notices@solayer.org. It is our policy, in appropriate circumstances
and at our discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users who
repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.

**Third Party Services and
Materials**[**â**](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/legal/terms-of-
service#third-party-services-and-materials)

The Services may allow you to browse the availability of certain operators
that offer to run validated service software modules on your behalf in
connection with your restaked digital assets ("Third-Party Services") and may
display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or
materials from third parties ("Third-Party Materials") or provide links to
certain third party websites. The Company does not endorse any Third-Party
Materials or the use of any provider of any Third-Party Services. You agree
that your access and use of such Third-Party Services and Third-Party
Materials are governed solely by the terms and conditions of such Third-Party
Services and Third-Party Materials, as applicable. The Company is not
responsible or liable for, and make no representations as to any aspect of
such Third-Party Materials and Third-Party Services, including, without
limitation, their content or the manner in which they handle, protect, manage
or process data or any interaction between you and the provider of such Third-
Party Services. The Company is not responsible for examining or evaluating the
content, accuracy, completeness, availability, timeliness, validity, copyright
compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third-Party
Services or Third-Party Materials or websites. You irrevocably waive any claim
against the Company with respect to such Third-Party Services and Third-Party
Materials. We are not liable for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be
caused by or in connection with your enablement, access or use of any such
Third-Party Services or Third-Party Materials, or your reliance on the privacy
practices, data security processes or other policies of such Third-Party
Services. Third-Party Services, Third-Party Materials, and links to other
websites are provided solely as a convenience to you.

Disclaimers, Limitations of Liability and Indemnification

Disclaimers:  
Your access to and use of the Services and the Protocol are at your own risk.
You understand and agree that the Services are provided to you on an "AS IS"
and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. Without limiting the foregoing, to the maximum
extent permitted under applicable law, the Company, its parents, affiliates,
related companies, officers, directors, employees, agents, representatives,
partners and licensors (the "Company Entities") and MultiSig Committee Members
(as defined below) DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, WHETHER EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY WARRANTIES RELATING TO
TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT,
USAGE, QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, SUITABILITY OR FITNESS OF THE SERVICES AND THE
PROTOCOL FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR AS TO THE ACCURACY, QUALITY, SEQUENCE,
RELIABILITY, WORKMANSHIP OR TECHNICAL CODING THEREOF, OR THE ABSENCE OF ANY
DEFECTS THEREIN WHETHER LATENT OR PATENT. The Company Entities and MultiSig
Committee Members make no warranty or representation and disclaim all
responsibility and liability for: (a) the completeness, accuracy,
availability, timeliness, security or reliability of the Services, including
the Research Forum, and the Protocol; (b) any harm to your computer system,
loss of data, or other harm that results from your access to or use of the
Services or the Protocol; (c) the operation or compatibility with any other
application or any particular system or device, including any Wallets; (d)
whether the Services or the Protocol will meet your requirements or be
available on an uninterrupted, secure or error-free basis; and (e) the
deletion of, or the failure to store or transmit, Your Content and other
communications maintained by the Services. No advice or information, whether
oral or written, obtained from the Company Entities or the MultiSig Committee
Members or through the Services, including the Research Forum, will create any
warranty or representation not expressly made herein. You should not rely on
the Services, including the Research Forum, for advice of any kind, including
legal, tax, investment, financial or other professional advice.  

Limitations of Liability:  
TO THE EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY LAW, YOU AGREE THAT IN NO EVENT WILL THE
COMPANY ENTITIES AND MULTISIG COMMITTEE MEMBERS BE LIABLE (A) FOR DAMAGES OF
ANY KIND, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR
USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE SERVICES), HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER UNDER THESE TERMS OR OTHERWISE ARISING IN ANY WAY IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES OR THESE TERMS AND WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) EVEN IF THE COMPANY
ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE, OR (B) FOR ANY
OTHER CLAIM, DEMAND OR DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OR THE DELIVERY, USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE
SERVICES. THE COMPANY ENTITIES' AND MULTISIG COMMITTEE MEMBERS' TOTAL
LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES FINALLY AWARDED SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE HUNDRED
DOLLARS ($100.00). SOME JURISDICTIONS (SUCH AS THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY) DO NOT
ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO
THE ABOVE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.  

Assumption of Risks:

By using the Services, you represent that you have sufficient knowledge and
experience in business and financial matters, including a sufficient
understanding of blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and other digital
assets, storage mechanisms (such as Wallets), and blockchain-based software
systems to be able to assess and evaluate the risks and benefits of the
Services contemplated hereunder, and will bear the risks thereof, including
loss of all amounts paid, and the risk that the cryptocurrencies and other
digital assets may have little or no value. You acknowledge and agree that
there are risks associated with purchasing and holding cryptocurrency, using
blockchain technology and staking cryptocurrency. These include, but are not
limited to, risk of losing access to cryptocurrency due to slashing, loss of
private key(s), custodial error or purchaser error, risk of mining or
blockchain attacks, risk of hacking and security weaknesses, risk of
unfavorable regulatory intervention in one or more jurisdictions, risk related
to token taxation, risk of personal information disclosure, risk of uninsured
losses, volatility risks, and unanticipated risks. You acknowledge that
cryptocurrencies and other similar digital assets are neither (i) deposits of
or guaranteed by a bank nor (ii) insured by the FDIC or by any other
governmental agency.  

There are certain multi-signature crypto wallets (the "MultiSigs", and the
signatories to such MultiSigs, the "MultiSig Committee Members") that have
certain controls related to the Protocol, that may include, but are not
limited to, the ability to pause certain functionality of the Protocol,
reverse or pause slashing, implement or influence upgrades to the Protocol (or
any aspect thereof) and certain other controls of the functionality of the
Protocol as described in the documentation or in public communications made by
us. Certain MultiSigs may be controlled by us or MultiSig Committee Members
that are employed or engaged by us, and certain other MultiSigs will be
controlled partially or entirely by MultiSig Committee Members that are
unaffiliated third parties over which we have no or limited control. We will
not be able to control the actions of such MultiSig Committee Members if they
are not employed or engaged by us and thus certain MultiSigs will be outside
of our control.  

The regulatory regime governing blockchain technologies, cryptocurrencies and
other digital assets is uncertain, and new regulations or policies may
materially adversely affect the potential utility or value of such
cryptocurrencies and digital assets. There also exists the risks of new
taxation of the purchase or sale of cryptocurrencies and other digital assets.  

We cannot control how third-party exchange platforms quote or value
cryptocurrencies and other digital assets and we expressly deny and disclaim
any liability to you and deny any obligations to indemnify or hold you
harmless for any losses you may incur as a result of fluctuations in the value
of cryptocurrencies or other digital assets.  

Smart contracts execute automatically when certain conditions are met. Since
smart contracts typically cannot be stopped or reversed, vulnerabilities in
their programming and design or other vulnerabilities that may arise due to
hacking or other security incidents can have adverse effects to restaked
assets, including but not limited to significant volatility and risk of loss  

Certain protocols and networks subject staked assets to slashing upon certain
conditions, including, but not limited to, if a validator engages in such as
if a validator engages in harmful or suspicious behavior or incorrectly
validates a transaction, and we expressly deny and disclaim any liability to
you and deny any obligations to indemnify or hold you harmless for any losses
you may incur as a result of slashing.  

Certain protocols and networks require that a certain amount of staked assets
be locked for a certain period of time while staking, and withdrawal of staked
assets may be delayed. We do not guarantee the security or functionality of
any third-party protocol, software or technology intended to be compatible
with restaked assets.

  

Indemnification. By entering into these Terms and accessing or using the
Services, you agree that you shall defend, indemnify and hold the Company
Entities and MultiSig Committee Members harmless from and against any and all
claims, costs, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including attorneys'
fees and costs) incurred by the Company Entities arising out of or in
connection with: (a) your violation or breach of any term of these Terms or
any applicable law or regulation; (b) your violation of any rights of any
third party; (c) your misuse of the Services; (d) your negligence or wilful
misconduct; or (e) Your Content. If you are obligated to indemnify any Company
Entity hereunder, then you agree that Company (or, at its discretion, the
applicable Company Entity) will have the right, in its sole discretion, to
control any action or proceeding and to determine whether Company wishes to
settle, and if so, on what terms, and you agree to fully cooperate with
Company in the defense or settlement of such claim.

  

Third Party Beneficiaries. You and the Company acknowledge and agree that the
Company Entities (other than the Company) and the MultiSig Committee Members
are third party beneficiaries of these Terms, including under Section 8 and
9.[â](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/legal/terms-of-service#third-
party-beneficiaries-you-and-the-company-acknowledge-and-agree-that-the-
company-entities-other-than-the-company-and-the-multisig-committee-members-
are-third-party-beneficiaries-of-these-terms-including-under-section-8-and-9)

  

ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER

PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY -- IT MAY SIGNIFICANTLY AFFECT YOUR LEGAL
RIGHTS, INCLUDING YOUR RIGHT TO FILE A LAWSUIT IN COURT AND TO HAVE A JURY
HEAR YOUR CLAIMS. IT CONTAINS PROCEDURES FOR MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION AND
A CLASS ACTION WAIVER.  

Informal Process First:  
You and the Company agree that in the event of any dispute between you and the
Company Entities or the MultiSig Committee Members, either party will first
contact the other party and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the
dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without
limitation, any court action, after first allowing the receiving party 30 days
in which to respond. Both you and the Company agree that this dispute
resolution procedure is a condition precedent which must be satisfied before
initiating any arbitration against you, any Company Entity or any MultiSig
Committee Members, as applicable.  

Arbitration Agreement and Class Action Waiver:  
After the informal dispute resolution process, any remaining dispute,
controversy, or claim (collectively, "Claim") relating in any way to the
Services, including the App, any use or access or lack of access thereto, and
any other usage of the Protocol even if interacted with outside of the
Services or App, will be resolved by arbitration, including threshold
questions of arbitrability of the Claim. You and the Company agree that any
Claim will be settled by final and binding arbitration, using the English
language, administered by JAMS under its Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and
Procedures (the "JAMS Rules") then in effect (those rules are deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this section, and as of the date of these
Terms). Because your contract with the Company, these Terms, and this
Arbitration Agreement concern interstate commerce, the Federal Arbitration Act
("FAA") governs the arbitrability of all disputes. However, the arbitrator
will apply applicable substantive law consistent with the FAA and the
applicable statute of limitations or condition precedent to suit. Arbitration
will be handled by a sole arbitrator in accordance with the JAMS Rules.
Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court that has
jurisdiction. Any arbitration under these Terms will take place on an
individual basis -- class arbitrations and class actions are not permitted.
You understand that by agreeing to these Terms, you and the Company are each
waiving the right to trial by jury or to participate in a class action or
class arbitration.  

Exceptions:  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you and the Company agree that the following
types of disputes will be resolved in a court of proper jurisdiction: (i)
disputes or claims within the jurisdiction of a small claims court consistent
with the jurisdictional and dollar limits that may apply, as long as it is
brought and maintained as an individual dispute and not as a class,
representative, or consolidated action or proceeding; (ii) disputes or claims
where the sole form of relief sought is injunctive relief (including public
injunctive relief); or (iii) intellectual property disputes.  

Costs of Arbitration:  
Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator costs and expenses will
be governed by the JAMS Rules, except that if you demonstrate that any such
costs and expenses owed by you under those rules would be prohibitively more
expensive than a court proceeding, the Company will pay the amount of any such
costs and expenses that the arbitrator determines are necessary to prevent the
arbitration from being prohibitively more expensive than a court proceeding
(subject to possible reimbursement as set forth below).[â  
](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/legal/terms-of-service#costs-of-
arbitration-payment-of-all-filing-administration-and-arbitrator-costs-and-
expenses-will-be-governed-by-the-jams-rules-except-that-if-you-demonstrate-
that-any-such-costs-and-expenses-owed-by-you-under-those-rules-would-be-
prohibitively-more-expensive-than-a-court-proceeding-the-company-will-pay-the-
amount-of-any-such-costs-and-expenses-that-the-arbitrator-determines-are-
necessary-to-prevent-the-arbitration-from-being-prohibitively-more-expensive-
than-a-court-proceeding-subject-to-possible-reimbursement-as-set-forth-below)

Fees and costs may be awarded as provided pursuant to applicable law. If the
arbitrator finds that either the substance of your claim or the relief sought
in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by
the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the
payment of all fees will be governed by the JAMS rules. In that case, you
agree to reimburse the Company for all monies previously disbursed by it that
are otherwise your obligation to pay under the applicable rules. If you
prevail in the arbitration and are awarded an amount that is less than the
last written settlement amount offered by the Company before the arbitrator
was appointed, the Company will pay you the amount it offered in settlement.
The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes as to the payment and
reimbursement of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon
request from either party made within fourteen (14) days of the arbitrator's
ruling on the merits.  

Opt-Out. You have the right to opt-out and not be bound by the arbitration
provisions set forth in these Terms by sending written notice of your decision
to opt-out to team@solayer.org. The notice must be sent to the Company within
thirty (30) days of your first registering to use the Services or agreeing to
these Terms; otherwise you shall be bound to arbitrate disputes on a non-class
basis in accordance with these Terms. If you opt out of only the arbitration
provisions, and not also the class action waiver, the class action waiver
still applies. You may not opt out of only the class action waiver and not
also the arbitration provisions. If you opt-out of these arbitration
provisions, the Company also will not be bound by them.

WAIVER OF RIGHT TO BRING CLASS ACTION AND REPRESENTATIVE CLAIMS. TO THE
FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, YOU AND THE COMPANY EACH AGREE
THAT ANY PROCEEDING TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE, CLAIM OR CONTROVERSY WILL BE
BROUGHT AND CONDUCTED ONLY IN THE RESPECTIVE PARTY'S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND
NOT AS PART OF ANY CLASS (OR PURPORTED CLASS), CONSOLIDATED, MULTIPLE-
PLAINTIFF, OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING ("CLASS ACTION"). YOU AND
THE COMPANY AGREE TO WAIVE THE RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS
MEMBER IN ANY CLASS ACTION. YOU AND THE COMPANY EXPRESSLY WAIVE ANY ABILITY TO
MAINTAIN A CLASS ACTION IN ANY FORUM. IF THE DISPUTE IS SUBJECT TO
ARBITRATION, THE ARBITRATOR WILL NOT HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO COMBINE OR
AGGREGATE CLAIMS, CONDUCT A CLASS ACTION, OR MAKE AN AWARD TO ANY PERSON OR
ENTITY NOT A PARTY TO THE ARBITRATION. FURTHER, YOU AND THE COMPANY AGREE THAT
THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE PROCEEDINGS FOR MORE THAN ONE PERSON'S
CLAIMS, AND IT MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A CLASS ACTION. FOR
THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, HOWEVER, YOU CAN SEEK PUBLIC INJUNCTIVE RELIEF TO THE
EXTENT AUTHORIZED BY LAW AND CONSISTENT WITH THE EXCEPTIONS CLAUSE ABOVE.

IF THIS CLASS ACTION WAIVER IS LIMITED, VOIDED, OR FOUND UNENFORCEABLE, THEN,
UNLESS THE PARTIES MUTUALLY AGREE OTHERWISE, THE PARTIES' AGREEMENT TO
ARBITRATE SHALL BE NULL AND VOID WITH RESPECT TO SUCH PROCEEDING SO LONG AS
THE PROCEEDING IS PERMITTED TO PROCEED AS A CLASS ACTION. IF A COURT DECIDES
THAT THE LIMITATIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH ARE DEEMED INVALID OR UNENFORCEABLE,
ANY PUTATIVE CLASS, PRIVATE ATTORNEY GENERAL OR CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE
ACTION MUST BE BROUGHT IN A COURT OF PROPER JURISDICTION AND NOT IN
ARBITRATION.

Additional Provisions

Updating These Terms:  
These Terms may be updated periodically, and any changes will be reflected in
the "Last Revised" date at the top of the Terms. While we will make reasonable
efforts to notify you of material changes via email or a notice on our
website, it remains your responsibility to review these Terms regularly. Your
continued use of the Services after any modifications constitutes acceptance
of the updated Terms.  

Suspension,Termination:  
Breach of these Terms may result in automatic termination of licenses granted
by the Company. Additionally, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate
your Account or access to the Services at our discretion, with or without
notice, for various reasons outlined in these Terms. Upon Account deletion,
certain provisions will survive termination, and the Company may delete Your
Content at its discretion.  

Injunctive Relief:  
You acknowledge that a breach of these Terms could cause irreparable harm to
the Company, and in such cases, we may seek injunctive relief in addition to
other remedies available under these Terms or at law.  

California Residents:  
California residents have the right to report complaints to the Complaint
Assistance Unit of the California Department of Consumer Affairs.  

Export Laws:  
You agree not to export the Services or related materials to any country
without the necessary export license or approval. By using the Services, you
confirm compliance with all applicable export laws and regulations.  

Force Majeure:  
We will not be liable for any failure or delay in fulfilling our obligations
under these Terms due to events beyond our control, including but not limited
to natural disasters, wars, government actions, and industrial disturbances.  

Miscellaneous:  
If any provision of these Terms is found to be unlawful or unenforceable, the
remaining provisions will remain in effect. These Terms are governed by the
laws of the State of New York, and any disputes will be resolved in the state
and federal courts of New York, New York.  

How to Contact Us: If you have any questions or concerns about these Terms or
the Services, please contact us at team@solayer.org.

[solayer](./)

[Docs](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Blogs](./blog)

[Community](./community)

[About](./about)

Subscribe to all things Solayer

[solayer](./)

Solayer leverages the economic principles of staking to extend the security of
Solana's base layer.

[](https://twitter.com/solayer_labs)[](https://discord.gg/solayerlabs)[](https://github.com/solayer-
labs)

[About](./about)

[Career](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/solayer-labs)

Contact us

[Community ](./community)

[Documentations](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Changelog](./changelog)

Â©2024 Solayer Â· All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](./privacy-policy)

[Terms & Condition](./terms&condition)

