[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

build on neon

#

Last updated: 8.06.2023

* * *

This Cookie Policy (“**Policy** ”) is for Website, operated by Neon Protocol
Ltd (“**Neon** ”, “**we** ”, “**us** ”, “**our** ”), a legal entity
established and existed in accordance with the laws of British Virgin Islands.
This Policy applies to [neonevm.org](https://neonevm.org) and its subpages
(“**Website** ”).

This Policy supplements our Privacy Policy.

The objective of this Policy is to provide you with clear and transparent
information about the cookies that may be set to your device, when you visit
our Website and their role in your browsing experience. If you do not want
cookies to be installed on your device, we will tell you about the possibility
of cookie management to allow you to reject or delete cookies.

**2\. Cookies and similar technologies**

A cookie (“**Cookie** ”) is a small text file that placed in the device memory
for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are placed on the user’s device when user
visiting websites and allows websites to further identify the user's device.
Generally, Cookies are used to understand how you interact with the website,
to deliver you with tailored advertising and for provision of access to
certain features of the websites. You can find more information about cookies
at: [www.allaboutcookies.org](https://www.allaboutcookies.org).

The term “Cookie” will also apply to the similar technologies, that we or
third parties may use from time to time, including web beacons and pixels.

We can use both first-party and third-party Cookies:

  * **“First-party Cookies”** means Cookies that are set by our Website and managed by Neon;
  * **“Third-party Cookies”** means Cookies that are placed on your device by the third parties working with us (this usually happens when our Website includes elements provided by other sites such as social media plugins and advertising pixels).
  * 

**3\. How long will cookies remain on my device?**

Cookies may remain on your device for different periods of time, which is
determined by the purpose and functionality of the respective Cookie:

  * **“Session Cookies”** exists only during the browsing session and expire no later than the user closes his or her browser;
  * **“Persistent Cookies”** can be stored for a long period of time and do not depend on the termination of the browser session.

**4\. Cookie types**

Neon may use the following Cookies on this Website:

  * **Strictly Necessary Cookies** : these are Cookies that are required for the correct operation of this Website and (or) its services. If these Cookies do not work, the Website may not function properly and some services or features of the Website may be unavailable. These Cookies do not require your consent for their installation and operation on your device;
  * **Performance Cookies** : these Cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our Website. This helps us to improve the way our Website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily;
  * **Functionality Cookies** : these Cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our Websites by providing you with tailored experience (e.g. by remembering your functionality settings or username), however these Cookies are non-essential (only additional services may be unavailable, if these Cookies are not properly functional);
  * **Targeting Cookies** : these Cookies can remember the pages you visiting and the links you have followed. We or our partners may use them to provide you with advertisement more relevant to your interests.

**5\. What cookies does Neon Protocol Ltd use on their Website?**

Cookie Name| First or Third Party| Cookie Type| Cookie Purpose| Max Duration  
---|---|---|---|---  
 _hjSession_ *| First| Performance| This cookie holds the current Hotjar
session data. This ensures that subsequent requests within the session window
will be attributed to the same Hotjar session. We use Hotjar to track how
visitors use our site so that we can optimize the experience for our users.|
30 mins  
_hjIncludedInSessionSample| First| Performance| This cookie is set to let
Hotjar know whether this visitor’s data should be used in the sample. We use
Hotjar to track how visitors use our site so that we can optimize the
experience for our users.| 30 mins  
_hjIncludedInPageviewSample| First| Performance| This cookie is set to let
Hotjar know whether this visitor’s data should be used in the sample. We use
Hotjar to track how visitors use our site so that we can optimize the
experience for our users.| 30 mins  
_hjFirstSeen| First| Performance| This cookie is set to let Hotjar identify a
new user’s first session. It stores a true/false value, indicating whether
this was the first time Hotjar saw this user. We use Hotjar to track how
visitors use our site so that we can optimize the experience for our users.|
30 mins  
 _hjSessionUser_ *| First| Performance| This cookie is set when a user first
lands on a page. It is used to persist the Hotjar User ID, unique to this site
on this browser. This ensures that behavior in subsequent visits will be
attributed to the same user ID. We use Hotjar to track how visitors use our
site so that we can optimize the experience for our users.| 1 year  
_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress| First| Performance| This cookie is set to let
Hotjar detect the first pageview session of a user. This is a True/False flag
set by the cookie. We use Hotjar to track how visitors use our site so that we
can optimize the experience for our users.| 30 mins  
_gid| First| Performance| This cookie is used by Google Analytics to
distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client
identifier. We use Google Analytics to generate statistical data on how
visitors use our site.| 1 day  
_ga| First| Performance| This cookie is used for Google Analytics to store and
update a unique value for each page visited. We use Google Analytics to
generate statistical data on how visitors use our site.| 2 years  
  
**6\. Controversial impact of cookies**

Cookies can be compared with a record in the book. Cookies are generally help
users and website owners and can be used for many purposes (e.g. providing the
better user experience or make some parts or services of website functional).
So, basically cookies are not dangerous. However, Cookies CAN be used to non-
ethical/malicious purposes by the hackers (e.g. to understand your internet
activity or to hack accounts). Sometimes Сookies also affect the display of
"annoying" ads on the Internet, which are based on your session history. You
can get more helpful information about Cookies and its impact to your privacy
at: <https://dataprot.net/articles/what-are-cookies/>.

**7\. Managing Cookies**

You can control and manage cookies in various ways:

  * **Browser settings** : generally, you can refuse or delete Cookies by the managing your browsing settings. You can usually find the guides on cookie management in guides / support pages of the organization, which provides you browsing services, for example: 
    * **Google** : <https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en>;
    * **Safari** : <https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac>;
    * **Mozilla Firefox** : <https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer>;
  * **Opt-Out** : some organizations may provide with opt-out initiatives in relation to the internet-based advertising. Google users may install opt-out browser addon: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. European users can learn more about behavioral advertising in the Internet by visiting the following website: <http://www.youronlinechoices.com>.

Please note that if you refuse Cookies, some services provided by our Website
may not work correctly or be inoperable at all.

**8\. Changes**

We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy. We recommend that you
periodically check this Policy for possible updates to make sure that you are
aware of most relevant version. The date this Policy was last revised is
identified at the top of this page.

**9\. Contacts**

Any questions, or complaints concerning this Policy may be directed to the
following e-mail: [legal@neonevm.org](mailto:legal@neonevm.org).

* * *

[](/)

[](https://twitter.com/Neon_EVM "twitter")[](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm "github")[](https://discord.gg/neonevm
"discord")[](https://medium.com/@neon_evm
"medium")[](https://t.me/NeonEvmCommunity
"telegram")[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/neonevm/ "linkedin")

### Stay connected

Subscribe to all Neon EVM updates

subscribe

Developers

[Developers Hub](/developers)[Technical
Docs](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)[GitHub](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm)[Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)[FAQs](/faq)

Ecosystem

[Ecosystem
Hub](/ecosystem)[NeonScan](https://neonscan.org)[NeonPass](https://neonpass.live/)[NeonFaucet](https://neonfaucet.org/)[Gnosis
Safe](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)[BlockScout](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

About Neon

[Careers](/careers)[Events](/events)[Community News](/blog)

All rights reserved © 2024

  * [Terms Of Use](/terms)
  * [Cookie Policy](/cookie-policy)

  * [Disclaimer](/disclaimer)
  * [Privacy](/privacy-policy)

