[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2hpZ2hsaWdodHMtZnJvbS1jenMtanVseS01LWFtYS1vbi10d2l0dGVyLXNwYWNlcy03MTE1OTQxMTU2NzgxOTEzNTAzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2hpZ2hsaWdodHMtZnJvbS1jenMtanVseS01LWFtYS1vbi10d2l0dGVyLXNwYWNlcy03MTE1OTQxMTU2NzgxOTEzNTAzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s July 5 AMA on Twitter Spaces

2023-07-11

## Main Takeaways

  * On July 5, 2023, Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, spent an hour on Twitter Spaces answering a slew of user questions.

  * Some of the most intriguing questions were about blockchain’s utility, Binance’s past and future, and building in the current market.

  * Over the last six years, Binance has experienced high and lows, yet it continues to grow thanks to the strong team it has cultivated. Looking ahead, Binance is gearing up to handle higher volumes and continue being the leader in Web3 innovation and adoption.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during a Twitter AMA on July 5, 2023. Please note that this
transcript has been edited for length and clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230714/d90094c4-39f5-4c47-b7f8-726e55340e28)

##  On Blockchain’s Current and Potential Utility

 _What are your future plans regarding the real-world utility of blockchain?_

**CZ:** We have many teams working on different applications. Some of it has
to do with sports, some with finance, and some with other things. It's a
pretty wide topic. We're still in the early days. Use cases haven't yet
achieved mass adoption.

If we think about notary services – anything that requires proof, anything
that requires a transaction, anything that is global in nature – the adoption
rate is still quite low. I don't think we have a whole lot of use cases that
are truly showing mainstream adoption yet, but this also speaks to the
potential opportunity.

I think these things will happen. We just haven't gotten there yet. We're
still dealing with very basic features. Over time, though, I think we will get
there.

## On Builders in the Current Market

 _What would be your advice for builders in this current market?_

**CZ:** I think everyone should research a small number of projects so they
can explore them deeply. For the projects you like, follow them, support them,
and teach other people about those projects. If possible, you could even join
them, work for them, and be on the team. Any project that's good for crypto is
good for the industry.

We are in an environment where the rising tide will lift all boats. I think
anything you can do will be positive, and I would also encourage people to
ignore the negatives. If you think a project's not good, don't waste your time
talking about it. There's not much point in attacking them, unless they’re rug
pulls or stuff like that. It's pretty simple: just be a positive force in the
industry as much as you can. If you're a big player, you can have a big
impact. If you're a smaller player, just contribute what you can.

## On Binance’s Past

 _What are some of the highs and lows you’ve experienced while building
Binance?_

**CZ:** There's not one single moment that stands out, but over time we have
learnt many different things. When we first started, for example, knowing that
we had a few tens of thousands of people supporting us was a very strong
motivator for us to continue building our platform.

Two months later, China banned bitcoin and shut down crypto exchanges
operating within its borders. We had to move, and that was a pretty big deal.
That cost us around 40% of our treasury at the time, which was one of our
single biggest expenses. Nevertheless, we also received a lot of goodwill and
grew much faster afterward.

Six months in, we became the world's largest crypto exchange by trading
volume. Around that period, the amount of incoming users was unbelievable. It
was around 300K per day and even hit 240K per hour at one point. We had to
throttle it because our system just couldn't keep up.

That was five years ago. There have been many different ups and downs, yet we
continue to grow regardless. When I look back, it's more about the team we
managed to grow. We were able to build a tight and effective crew, and I'm
really proud of the team we have today. Regardless of the current pressures
we’re dealing with, I strongly believe we're doing the right thing. We're
helping push adoption for these new technologies, which we believe are
beneficial to the entire population of the Earth.

## On Upcoming Plans

 _Is there anything you can share regarding Binance’s plans for the upcoming
months?_

**CZ:** If we look at the historic patterns, I think we want our platforms to
be prepared for higher volumes. Last November was probably the worst. If you
look at BTC’s price, which can essentially serve as an industry index, it
indicates how many new users we're getting, transaction volume, trading
volume, etc. If you look at the long-term, we should ensure that our products
and systems are ready for higher volumes. We're doing a lot of preparation on
that front.

There are many initiatives we're still pushing, and we're doing many
investments. Every week, our investment team has numerous projects asking me
for the final approval. Our teams are doing many investments. I think we
always want to prepare for the worst case, which is another prolonged bear
market. I think we have the stamina to last. We also want to be prepared for
the best case, which is more volume coming in.

## On Future Goals

 _Where do you want to see Binance fit into the crypto ecosystem over the next
few years?_

**CZ:** I think centralized exchanges should only be a small part of the
ecosystem. I would like to see the true DeFi aspects of the ecosystem grow
more. I think we're seeing that happening now. We're seeing more innovative
ways for people to hold their own private keys. The solutions are more
innovative and make onboarding easier. I think we'll see more of these DeFi
developments.

Binance has many different parts. We're happy to be part of the centralized
exchange ecosystem. We'll continue to innovate and improve our services to
continue raising the industry benchmark. We welcome competition, but we have
to continuously raise the bar of our product and service quality.

On the DeFi side, we continue to make heavy investments. We do a lot more
early-stage investments; we let the projects grow, and we want to help them in
any way we can. We also have our own initiatives in different DeFi protocols.

Looking at everyday use cases – sports, arts, services, payments, etc. – we
need to explore a lot more of those. Binance will continue to be a contributor
to the ecosystem through various channels as much as we can.

## Further Reading

  * [ _CZ’s Principles_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-principles-6343713009794494746)

  * [ _CZ on Time Management_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/cz-on-time-management-937115089915394194)

  * [ _CZ’s Book Recommendations_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-book-recommendations-3164932959824224096)

195,033,975 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s July 5 AMA on Twitter Spaces

Main Takeaways

On Blockchain’s Current and Potential Utility

On Builders in the Current Market

On Binance’s Past

On Upcoming Plans

On Future Goals

Further Reading

195,033,975 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

