[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/crypto/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%85%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%82%D8%B1%D8%A9-stablecoins)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/crypto/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E7%A8%B3%E5%AE%9A%E5%B8%81)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/crypto/quest-ce-quun-stablecoin)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/crypto/was-sind-stablecoins)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/crypto/%D1%87%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%B1%D0%BB%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B9%D0%BD%D1%8B)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/que-son-las-monedas-estables)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/crypto/%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%83%96%E3%83%AB%E3%82%B3%E3%82%A4%E3%83%B3%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/crypto/%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%EB%B8%94%EC%BD%94%EC%9D%B8%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80-%EB%AC%B4%EC%97%87%EC%9D%B8%EA%B0%80%EC%9A%94)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/crypto/stabil-coinler-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/cripto/o-que-sao-stablecoins)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/crypto/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%85%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%82%D8%B1%D8%A9-stablecoins)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/crypto/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E7%A8%B3%E5%AE%9A%E5%B8%81)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/crypto/quest-ce-quun-stablecoin)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/crypto/was-sind-stablecoins)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/crypto/%D1%87%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%B1%D0%BB%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B9%D0%BD%D1%8B)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/que-son-las-monedas-estables)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/crypto/%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%83%96%E3%83%AB%E3%82%B3%E3%82%A4%E3%83%B3%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/crypto/%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%EB%B8%94%EC%BD%94%EC%9D%B8%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80-%EB%AC%B4%EC%97%87%EC%9D%B8%EA%B0%80%EC%9A%94)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/crypto/stabil-coinler-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/cripto/o-que-sao-stablecoins)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * E) Digital Assets Explained __
  * ... __
  * What Are Stablecoins?

The Classroom

PATHWAY E) Digital Assets Explained

chapter 2/4

# What Are Stablecoins?

Jun 5, 2020 | **Updated Apr 22, 2024**

__Read 3 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-stablecoins
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20Stablecoins%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-stablecoins "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-are-stablecoins
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-stablecoins&title=What%20Are%20Stablecoins%3F "Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) Key Takeaways:  
---  
— Most cryptocurrencies are highly volatile, meaning their value can change
rapidly  
— Stablecoins are designed to keep the same value as certain real-world
currencies  
— You can keep your stablecoins secure through your Ledger device and manage
many of these directly through Ledger Live  
  
Cryptocurrencies are known for many reasons, including their decentralized
nature of providing fast and low-cost international transfers. But not all
cryptocurrency assets work in the same way. You may be familiar with assets
such as Bitcoin or Ethereum, but do you know about stablecoins?

Like traditional cryptocurrencies, they operate on blockchain networks but
they have some unique features that set them apart.

So what are they exactly? Let’s dive in

## What Are Stablecoins?

Unlike traditional crypto assets, the value of a stablecoin is pegged to a
certain currency or commodity. It could be pegged to a fiat currency, such as
the Euro, Yen or Pound Sterling, or a stablecoin may be pegged to the value of
a commodity, such as gold. Although there’s a neverending list of assets you
could peg a stablecoin to, most stablecoins are pegged to the US Dollar.

## What are Stablecoins For?

Stablecoins are useful for all sorts of reasons, but the following are some of
the most common reasons to own and use them.

### Taking Profits Without Moving Funds Off-Chain

If you’re a [crypto trader](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-trade-
crypto) or crypto artist, you may want to realize your profits when the market
is performing well. Swapping your traditional cryptocurrencies for stablecoins
can be a great way to take profits for any service you offer for crypto,
guaranteeing you see some funds before a market downturn. Using stablecoins in
this way is especially useful for traders, who may swap between various
volatile cryptocurrencies several times a day or week. In short, these types
of assets allow you to hedge against market volatility without bothering with
the burden of off-ramping.

### Financial independence

Crypto also offers users financial independence. To explain, since the
blockchain is decentralized, users can transfer funds peer-to-peer without the
need for a middleman. Not only that, users can actually own their funds, using
non-custodial wallets which operate without a bank or central entity’s
interference. Since stablecoins act like fiat currencies but benefit from the
peer-to-peer nature of blockchain transactions, they are a game changer for
remittances. Using stablecoins, you can send a monetary gift anywhere in the
world without waiting extra processing time to cross borders. In short,
stablecoins give financial independence to those living in places with
economic and political instability.

## Types of Stablecoins

The main way to classify stablecoins is by how they are backed. To explain,
some are backed one-to-one by whatever they are representing. Others use
algorithms to keep the price stable. Each of these methods has its advantages
and disadvantages. So, let’s explore the different types.

### Fiat Collateralized stablecoins

Fiat collateralized stablecoins are backed by [fiat
currencies](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/fiat), such as Euros and
dollars. Issuers of these coins claim to have a reserve of that currency, to
collateralize the on-chain stablecoin. These coins are pegged to the value of
the currency in reserve. You can also collateralize stablecoins with precious
metals such as gold or silver, but US dollars are by far the most popular.

#### Tether (USDT)

A great example of a fiat-backed stable is [Tether
(USDT).](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-tether-usdt) Tether claims
they have one US dollar in reserve for each USDT coin they have created.
Today, USDT is the biggest stablecoin in terms of market capitalization.

#### USD Coin (USDC)

Another good example of a stablecoin backed by fiat reserves is
[USDC](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-usd-coin-usdc). This stablecoin
is issued and managed by the financial company Circle. Circle stores its fiat
reserves in centralized financial institutions, which means using USDC
introduces counterparty risk.

### Crypto Collateralized Stablecoins

Some issuers opt to collateralize their stablecoins with cryptocurrencies
instead. This is possible, but a little tricky, as cryptocurrencies can be
extremely volatile. To ensure they have enough liquidity to cover withdrawals,
issuers over-collateralize. This allows the currency to drop in value while
leaving a sort of insurance amount to cover assets as needed.

#### DAI

A good example of a Crypto Collateralized stablecoin is [MakerDAO token
DAI](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dai). While this coin is pegged to
the US dollar, DAI is backed by Ether and some other cryptocurrencies,
including fellow stablecoin USDC. Although DAI is fully backed, relying
heavily on crypto and stablecoins with counterparty risk means it’s vulnerable
to depegging. For example, market downturns or illiquid reserves could impact
DAI’s price.

#### USDA

Another good example of a crypto over-collateralized stablecoin is [USDA
dollar stablecoin](https://www.angle.money/usda). USDA by Angle Protocol
maintains a 1:1 parity with the U.S. dollar through reserves consisting of
tokenized Treasury Bills and Government Bonds, Ethereum, Bitcoin, as well as
other liquid USD stablecoins. Some of these assets in the backing generate a
yield that is automatically allocated to USDA holders. Angle Protocol also
issues a Euro stablecoin called EURA (formerly known as agEUR), relying on a
similar infrastructure.

### Algorithmic Stablecoins

[Algorithmic Stablecoins](https://www.ledger.com/academy/algorithmic-
stablecoins-a-new-approach-to-stability) use computer programs to keep the
price consistent. This means they may not hold real reserves. Essentially they
work much as traditional banks do. Instead of holding the asset, an algorithm
controls the supply, which in turn controls the price.

However, it’s not always so easy. While banks have control over what happens
on their network, the blockchain is decentralized. That means if the
programming is bad, there’s no single entity that can help restore the price
peg.

## Risks and Criticisms

There are several concerns regarding interacting with stablecoins. While they
may seem just like digital dollars, they are much more complicated than that.
Before you steam ahead, it’s important to understand the risks of using any
stablecoin.

### Centralization Concerns with Fiat-Backed Stablecoins

While some issuers may claim their token is fully backed one-to-one with fiat
currencies, where are their reserves stored? Unfortunately, keeping access to
those kinds of funds is almost impossible without using the traditional
banking system. And that’s exactly what stablecoin issuers do. In fact, many
coins backed by fiat have their reserves sitting in the very banks we’re
trying to avoid. That means if the bank goes bust, your stablecoins’ value
goes along with it. Yes, even though that goes against the very ethos of
blockchain technology!

### Risk of failure with crypto-collateralized stablecoins

Crypto-collateralized stablecoins don’t have to worry about banks failing.
Instead, they have the crypto market to worry about. As previously mentioned,
if they are backed by crypto, these coins are usually over-collateralized to
overcompensate for potential volatility. However, if a cryptocurrency
decreases in price significantly, this can pose a problem.

### Regulatory Uncertainty

Right now, stablecoins are getting a lot of attention. Mainly, crypto users
are noticing that they aren’t all as secure as others. But that means
governing bodies are noticing too. As a result, around the world governments
are calling for tightened regulation on these types of coins.

## Future of stablecoins

For now, it’s unsure how the stablecoins will play out. While regulation is
still so unclear, it’s impossible to know what the future holds. That said,
stablecoins offer a real tangible solution for beginners using
cryptocurrencies. If you want to transfer value in a decentralized and secure
way without using banks or having to watch cryptocurrency price fluctuations,
then stablecoins are a good option. In essence, stablecoins have all of the
benefits of the asset they represent but they also benefit from the way the
blockchain works. Since the blockchain is unhackable, this is a huge plus
point for some financial services. Believe it or not, TradFi firms get hacked
all the time, and stablecoins could offer them a welcome solution.

## Manage Your Stablecoins Securely With Ledger

As mentioned previously, most stablecoins operate as
[tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-
coins-and-tokens) on blockchains belonging to a different cryptocurrency. By
far most of these are on the [Ethereum
network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum) (being
[ERC-20](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-are-erc-20-tokens)
tokens such as USDT, USDC, DAI or TrueUSD), but they can equally be found on
others like the Tron blockchain (using TRC20 standard). At all rates, it is
important to keep all of your digital assets secure and out of reach from
anyone that would want to steal your hard-earned money.

That’s where Ledger comes in.

At Ledger, our mission is to provide top-notch security for your critical
digital assets. Our hardware wallets keep the key to unlocking your crypto
wealth offline, away from online hacks. It’d even be protected against a wide
array of physical attacks against your hardware wallet since Ledger uses
cutting-edge Secure Element chips to keep access to your crypto secure.

Not only do we provide security, but you can also manage a plethora of
different coins directly in our all-in-one software solution: [Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live).

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-stablecoins
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20Stablecoins%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-stablecoins "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-are-stablecoins
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-stablecoins&title=What%20Are%20Stablecoins%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: What Are Memecoins? ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-
memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-cloud-mining)

[What is Cloud Mining?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-
is-cloud-mining)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-proof-
of-stake-npos)

[What Is Nominated Proof of Stake
(NPoS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-nominated-
proof-of-stake-npos)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-
secure)

[Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay
Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-
blockchains-secure)

__Read

7 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-tezos)

[What Is Tezos?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-
tezos)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool)

[What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool)

__Read

5 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/crypto/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%B9%D9%85%D9%84%D8%A7%D8%AA-%D8%A7%D9%84%D9%85%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%82%D8%B1%D8%A9-stablecoins)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/crypto/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E7%A8%B3%E5%AE%9A%E5%B8%81)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/crypto/quest-ce-quun-stablecoin)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/crypto/was-sind-stablecoins)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/crypto/%D1%87%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%B9%D0%B1%D0%BB%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B9%D0%BD%D1%8B)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/que-son-las-monedas-estables)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/academy/crypto/%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%83%96%E3%83%AB%E3%82%B3%E3%82%A4%E3%83%B3%E3%81%A8%E3%81%AF)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/crypto/%EC%8A%A4%ED%85%8C%EC%9D%B4%EB%B8%94%EC%BD%94%EC%9D%B8%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80-%EB%AC%B4%EC%97%87%EC%9D%B8%EA%B0%80%EC%9A%94)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/crypto/stabil-coinler-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/cripto/o-que-sao-stablecoins)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

Investing in cryptoassets is not regulated, may not be suitable for retail
investors and the entire amount invested may be lost. It is important to read
and understand the risks of this investment, which are explained in detail.
[in detail at this page](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

