Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# Dapps - Decentralized applications

## Ethereum-powered tools and services

Dapps are a growing movement of applications that use Ethereum to disrupt
business models or invent new ones.

  * Explore dapps
  * What are dapps?

![Illustration of a doge using a
computer](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=1920&q=75)

* * *

## Get started

To try a dapp, you'll need a _wallet_ and some ETH. A wallet will allow you to
connect, or log in. And you'll need ETH to pay any _transaction fees_.

### [1\. Get some ETHDapp actions cost a transaction feeGet ETH](/en/get-
eth/)### [2\. Set up a walletA wallet is your “login” for a dappFind
wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)3\. Ready?Choose a dapp to try outGo

### Beginner friendly

A few dapps that are good for beginners. Explore more dapps below.

![Uniswap
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Funi.46d23238.png&w=256&q=75)

### Uniswap

Swap your tokens with ease. A community favourite that allows you to trade
tokens with folks across the network.

finance

[Open Uniswap(opens in a new tab)](https://uniswap.exchange/swap)

![OpenSea
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fopensea.2d22cf7a.png&w=256&q=75)

### OpenSea

Buy, sell, discover, and trade limited-edition goods.

collectibles

[Open OpenSea(opens in a new tab)](https://opensea.io/)

![Gods Unchained
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fgods.c86828d3.png&w=256&q=75)

### Gods Unchained

Strategic trading card game. Earn cards by playing that you can sell in real
life.

gaming

[Open Gods Unchained(opens in a new tab)](https://godsunchained.com/)

![Ethereum Name Service
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fens.e281449b.png&w=256&q=75)

### Ethereum Name Service

User-friendly names for Ethereum addresses and decentralized sites.

social

[Open Ethereum Name Service(opens in a new tab)](https://ens.domains/)

## Explore dapps

A lot of dapps are still experimental, testing the possibilties of
decentralized networks. But there have been some successful early movers in
the technology, financial, gaming and collectibles categories.

### Choose category

FinanceArts and collectiblesGamingMetaverseSocialTechnology

## Decentralized finance

These are applications that focus on building out financial services using
cryptocurrencies. They offer the likes of lending, borrowing, earning
interest, and private payments – no personal data required.

## Always do your own research

Ethereum is a new technology and most applications are new. Before depositing
any large quantities of money, make sure you understand the risks.

### Lending and borrowing

  * ![Aave logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Faave.df2c4fff.png&w=256&q=75)

Aave

Lend your tokens to earn interest and withdraw any time.

[Goto Aave website(opens in a new tab)](https://aave.com/)

  * ![Compound logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcompound.9ec7188b.png&w=256&q=75)

Compound

Lend your tokens to earn interest and withdraw any time.

[Goto Compound website(opens in a new tab)](https://compound.finance/)

  * ![Summer.fi logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsummerfi.edaf16b0.png&w=256&q=75)

Summer.fi

Trade, borrow, and save with Dai, an Ethereum stablecoin.

[Goto Summer.fi website(opens in a new tab)](https://summer.fi/)

  * ![PWN logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fpwn.73536af5.png&w=256&q=75)

PWN

Easy loans backed by any token or NFTs on Ethereum.

[Goto PWN website(opens in a new tab)](https://pwn.xyz)

  * ![Yearn logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fyearn.0ab1c009.png&w=256&q=75)

Yearn

Yearn Finance is a yield aggregator. Giving individuals, DAOs and other
protocols a way to deposit digital assets and receive yield.

[Goto Yearn website(opens in a new tab)](https://yearn.finance/)

  * ![Convex logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fconvex.e37cafa7.png&w=256&q=75)

Convex

Convex allows Curve liquidity providers to earn trading fees and claim boosted
CRV without locking their CRV.

[Goto Convex website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.convexfinance.com/)

### Exchanges

  * ![Uniswap logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Funi.46d23238.png&w=256&q=75)

Uniswap

Swap tokens simply or provide tokens for % rewards.

[Goto Uniswap website(opens in a new tab)](https://uniswap.org/)

  * ![Loopring logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Floopring.df5cb24f.png&w=256&q=75)

Loopring

Peer-to-peer trading platform built for speed.

[Goto Loopring website(opens in a new tab)](https://loopring.org/#/)

  * ![Balancer logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbalancer.14c40d4f.png&w=256&q=75)

Balancer

Balancer is an automated portfolio manager and trading platform.

[Goto Balancer website(opens in a new tab)](https://balancer.fi/)

  * ![page-dapps-curve-logo-alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcurve.efad536e.png&w=256&q=75)

Curve

Curve is a dex focused on stablecoins

[Goto Curve website(opens in a new tab)](https://curve.fi/)

  * ![page-dapps-dodo-logo-alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdodo.7ea3c3a1.png&w=256&q=75)

DODO

DODO is a on-chain liquidity provider, which leverages the Proactive Market
Maker algorithm (PMM)

[Goto DODO website(opens in a new tab)](https://dodoex.io/)

### Demand aggregators

  * ![KyberSwap logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fkyberswap.567e50b4.png&w=256&q=75)

KyberSwap

Swap and earn at the best rates.

[Goto KyberSwap website(opens in a new tab)](https://kyberswap.com/)

  * ![Matcha logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fmatcha.24f71016.png&w=256&q=75)

Matcha

Searches multiple exchanges to help find you the best prices.

[Goto Matcha website(opens in a new tab)](https://matcha.xyz)

  * ![1inch logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2F1inch.843ff8de.png&w=256&q=75)

1inch

Helps you avoid high price slippage by aggregating best prices.

[Goto 1inch website(opens in a new tab)](https://1inch.exchange/)

### Bridges

  * ![Rubic logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Frubic.715abd1a.png&w=256&q=75)

Rubic

Cross-Chain tech aggregator for users and dApps.

[Goto Rubic website(opens in a new tab)](https://rubic.exchange/)

### Investment funds

  * ![Token Sets logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fset.e2927b05.png&w=256&q=75)

Token Sets

Crypto investment strategies that automatically rebalance.

[Goto Token Sets website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.tokensets.com/)

  * ![PoolTogether logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fpooltogether.be6ceb24.png&w=256&q=75)

PoolTogether

A lottery you can't lose. Prizes every week.

[Goto PoolTogether website(opens in a new tab)](https://pooltogether.com/)

  * ![Index Coop logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Findex-coop.99f88a0b.png&w=256&q=75)

Index Coop

A crypto index fund that gives your portfolio exposure to top DeFi tokens.

[Goto Index Coop website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.indexcoop.com/)

  * ![page-dapps-yearn-logo-alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fyearn.0ab1c009.png&w=256&q=75)

Yearn

Yearn Finance is a yield aggregator. Giving individuals, DAOs and other
protocols a way to deposit digital assets and receive yield.

[Goto Yearn website(opens in a new tab)](https://yearn.finance/)

  * ![Convex logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fconvex.e37cafa7.png&w=256&q=75)

Convex

Convex allows Curve liquidity providers to earn trading fees and claim boosted
CRV without locking their CRV.

[Goto Convex website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.convexfinance.com/)

### Portfolio management

  * ![Zapper logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fzapper.8e627d8a.png&w=256&q=75)

Zapper

Track your portfolio and use a range of DeFi products from one interface.

[Goto Zapper website(opens in a new tab)](https://zapper.fi/)

  * ![Zerion logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fzerion.94487f10.png&w=256&q=75)

Zerion

Manage your portfolio and simply evaluate every single DeFi asset on the
market.

[Goto Zerion website(opens in a new tab)](https://app.zerion.io/)

  * ![Rotki logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Frotki.c2bb3ddf.png&w=256&q=75)

Rotki

Open source portfolio tracking, analytics, accounting and tax reporting tool
that respects your privacy.

[Goto Rotki website(opens in a new tab)](https://rotki.com/)

  * ![Krystal logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fkrystal.7e31ee45.png&w=256&q=75)

Krystal

A one-stop platform to access all your favourite DeFi services.

[Goto Krystal website(opens in a new tab)](https://defi.krystal.app/)

### Insurance

  * ![Nexus Mutual logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnexus.0d10995b.png&w=256&q=75)

Nexus Mutual

Coverage without the insurance company. Get protected against smart contract
bugs and hacks.

[Goto Nexus Mutual website(opens in a new tab)](https://nexusmutual.io/)

  * ![Etherisc logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fetherisc.0d765299.png&w=256&q=75)

Etherisc

A decentralized insurance template anyone can use to create their own
insurance coverage.

[Goto Etherisc website(opens in a new tab)](https://etherisc.com/)

### Payments

  * ![Sablier logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsablier.5a7f3996.png&w=256&q=75)

Sablier

Stream money in real-time.

[Goto Sablier website(opens in a new tab)](https://app.sablier.com)

### Crowdfunding

  * ![Gitcoin Grants logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fgitcoin.02f066b4.png&w=256&q=75)

Gitcoin Grants

Crowdfunding for Ethereum community projects with amplified contributions

[Goto Gitcoin Grants website(opens in a new tab)](https://gitcoin.co/grants/?)

### Derivatives

  * ![Synthetix logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsynthetix.9715aff9.png&w=256&q=75)

Synthetix

Synthetix is a protocol for issuing and trading synthetic assets

[Goto Synthetix website(opens in a new tab)](https://synthetix.io/)

### Liquid staking

  * ![Lido logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Flido.99d57262.png&w=256&q=75)

Lido

Simplified and secure staking for digital assets.

[Goto Lido website(opens in a new tab)](https://lido.fi/)

  * ![Ankr logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fankr.b4530887.png&w=256&q=75)

Ankr

Set of different Web3 infrastructure products for building, earning, gaming,
and more — all on blockchain.

[Goto Ankr website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ankr.com/)

### Prediction markets

  * ![Polymarket logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fpolymarket.11613ec7.png&w=256&q=75)

Polymarket

Bet on outcomes. Trade on information markets.

[Goto Polymarket website(opens in a new tab)](https://polymarket.com)

  * ![Augur logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Faugur.f1ee8d11.png&w=256&q=75)

Augur

Bet on outcomes of sports, economics, and more world events.

[Goto Augur website(opens in a new tab)](https://augur.net)

  * ![page-dapps-sythetix-logo-alt](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsynthetix.9715aff9.png&w=256&q=75)

Synthetix

Synthetix is a protocol for issuing and trading synthetic assets

[Goto Synthetix website(opens in a new tab)](https://synthetix.io/)

![Illustration of a
robot.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwallet.454231ba.png&w=640&q=75)

## View wallets

Wallets are dapps too. Find one based on the features that suit you.

[Find wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)

* * *

## The magic behind decentralized finance

What is it about Ethereum that allows decentralized finance applications to
thrive?

### Open access

Financial services running on Ethereum have no sign up requirements. If you
have funds and an internet connection, you’re good to go.

### A new token economy

There’s a whole world of tokens that you can interact with across these
financial products. People are building new tokens on top of Ethereum all the
time.

### Stablecoins

Teams have built _stablecoins_ – a less volatile cryptocurrency. These allow
you to experiment and use crypto without the risk and uncertainty.

### Interconnected financial services

Financial products in the Ethereum space are all modular and compatible with
one another. New configurations of these modules are hitting the market all
the time, increasing what you can do with your crypto.

[More on decentralized finance](/en/defi/)

![Illustration of
magicians](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fmagicians.5bf0993f.png&w=640&q=75)

## The magic behind dapps

Dapps might feel like regular apps. But behind the scenes they have some
special qualities because they inherit all of Ethereum’s superpowers. Here's
what makes dapps different from apps.

[What makes Ethereum great?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)

### No owners

Once deployed to Ethereum, dapp code can’t be taken down. And anyone can use
the dapp’s features. Even if the team behind the dapp disbanded you could
still use it. Once on Ethereum, it stays there.

### Free from censorship

### Built-in payments

### Plug and play

### One anonymous login

### Backed by cryptography

### No down time

## How dapps work

Dapps have their backend code (smart contracts) running on a decentralized
network and not a centralized server. They use the Ethereum _blockchain_ for
data storage and smart contracts for their app logic.

A smart contract is like a set of rules that live on-chain for all to see and
run exactly according to those rules. Imagine a vending machine: if you supply
it with enough funds and the right selection, you'll get the item you want.
And like vending machines, smart contracts can hold funds much like your
Ethereum account. This allows code to mediate agreements and transactions.

Once dapps are deployed on the Ethereum network you can't change them. Dapps
can be decentralized because they are controlled by the logic written into the
contract, not an individual or a company.

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

![Illustration of a hand building an ETH symbol out of lego
bricks.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdevelopers-eth-
blocks.62390e1a.png&w=640&q=75)

### Learn to build a dapp

Our community developer portal has docs, tools, and frameworks to help you
start building a dapp.

[Start building](/en/developers/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### Transaction fee

A fee you need to pay whenever you use the Ethereum network. Examples include
sending funds from your [wallet](/en/glossary/#wallet) or a
[dapp](/en/glossary/#dapp) interaction, like swapping tokens or buying a
collectable. You can think of this like a service charge. This fee will change
based on how busy the network is. This is because
[validators](/en/glossary/#validator), the people responsible for processing
your transaction, are likely to prioritize transactions with higher fees – so
congestion forces the price up.  
  
At a technical level, your transaction fee relates to how much
[gas](/en/glossary/#gas) your transaction requires.  
  
Reducing transaction fees is a subject of intense interest right now. See
[Layer 2](/en/glossary/#layer-2).

### Stablecoin

A stablecoin is a type of cryptocurrency designed to have a stable value,
often pegged to a currency or commodity (like US dollar), to minimize price
volatility. [More on stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/).

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

