[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ what is chro... ](/blog/what-is-chromia-everything-you-need-to-know-in-5-minutes)

#  What Is Chromia? Everything You Need to Know in 5 Minutes

28 May 2024

5 min read

Chromia

5 min read

Article content

What Is Chromia, and What Makes It Unique

Chromia’s Architecture and Programming Language

Interacting with Other Blockchains

Chromia’s Use Cases

Everstake as a System Provider in Chromia

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Only a handful of Layer-1 blockchains do things dramatically differently, and
one of them is [Chromia](https://www.chromia.com/), which is unique in almost
every detail.

This overview takes a look at some of the unique features of Chromia and
explains how it works.

## What Is Chromia, and What Makes It Unique

On paper, Chromia is an L1 relational blockchain platform enabling developers
to build and deploy highly customizable DApps that can operate on a massive
scale.

But what does that mean exactly? Unlike most other blockchains, which use the
basic list-based data structure, Chromia leverages a [relational
database](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Relational_database), which allows for
complex queries, indexing, and data handling directly on-chain without any
need for L2 solutions. As a result, Chromia can offer more sophisticated
solutions for data storage and retrieval,  enhanced scalability, and more
advanced query capabilities than other blockchains.

In Chromia, every DApp has its own blockchain or even a cluster of
blockchains, where developers can set up unique rules, like gas fees, to fully
leverage their application’s capabilities and tailor the blockchain mechanics
to their specific requirements.

## Chromia’s Architecture and Programming Language

From the architecture perspective, Chromia uses a modular framework that
enables the creation of the aforementioned separate blockchains for each DApp.
Thanks to the hierarchical and modular structure, Chromia allows for efficient
resource allocation and scaling. Each of the nodes within its clusters can
process transactions, validate blocks, and maintain the decentralized ledger.

The platform’s programming language,
[Rell](https://docs.chromia.com/category/rell-language), is another unique
feature of Chromia. It was specifically designed for blockchain development
using a relational data model and can be easily picked up by devs experienced
with [SQL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL) and other database languages.
Thanks to Rell’s conciseness and purpose-built structure, the code written in
this language can be ten times as compact compared to other languages.

## Interacting with Other Blockchains

Even though DApps on Chromia are not EVM-based, Chromia has extensive
interoperability with EVM-compatible chains through its EVM interoperability
framework. This way, users can bridge tokens, events, and virtually any other
kind of data between Chromia and EVM blockchains.

This ensures connectivity with the broader blockchain ecosystem.

## Chromia’s Use Cases

All those features make Chromia quite versatile when it comes to practical use
cases. Currently, it is specifically prominent in gaming and decentralized
data services, although it’s by no means limited to those.

Particularly, Chromia can enable gas-free gameplay in blockchain-powered
games, evolutionary NFTs, or on-chain logic, all of which result in an
improved user experience, extended functionality, and lower operational costs.
When it comes to decentralized data services, Chromia can offer decentralized
relational databases or AI data layers, all necessary for apps that require
complex data management.

## Everstake as a System Provider in Chromia

The Chromia ecosystem has two kinds of entities that run its nodes: System
Providers,  and Node Providers.

System Providers oversee the smooth operation of the blockchain, vote on
crucial proposals, or add new System Providers to the flock. In addition,
these providers can also host DApp Chains. Node Providers, on the other hand,
focus solely on hosting DApps.

Everstake is happy to participate in Chromia as one of its System Providers.
We believe that this blockchain has enormous potential as a viable alternative
to existing blockchains in helping DApps flourish while remaining highly
flexible, scalable, and capable of cross-chain interaction.

It is innovative solutions like Chromia that make up the face of tomorrow’s
blockchain industry. We are confident that it is among the most promising
projects on the market today.

[Learn more about Chromia](https://docs.chromia.com/overview/about-chromia) | [Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Everstake’s blog](https://everstake.one/blog) 

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

