  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Product Updates](/blog?category=Product
Updates)  >  [Introducing MEV Protection: Secure Your Swaps with Trust
Wallet](/blog/introducing-mev-protection-secure-your-swaps-with-trust-wallet)

##### Product Updates

# Introducing MEV Protection: Secure Your Swaps with Trust Wallet

Published on: Apr 10, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Empowering Secure Swaps Across the Web3 Ecosystem**
  * **Understanding MEV Attacks**
  * **What is MEV Protection?**
  * **How Does MEV Protection Benefit You?**
  * **MEV Protection inside Trust Wallet**
  * **Join the Secure Swaps Experience with Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Discover Trust Wallet's MEV Protection: the key to secure and fair crypto
transactions. Learn how it protects you from front-running and sandwich
attacks, providing an enhanced swapping experience and a better value on your
swaps.

![Introducing MEV Protection: Secure Your Swaps with Trust
Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FMEV_wide_2_9bb56be38f.png&w=3840&q=75)

#### Key Takeaways

  * Trust Wallet's MEV Protection **secures your swaps** from front-running and sandwich attacks.

  * It ensures you get **fair market prices for your swaps** , safeguarding you from paying more or receiving less than the market rate.

  * MEV Protection is designed for both the experienced traders and those advancing in the crypto journey, ensuring a safer swap environment.

## Empowering Secure Swaps Across the Web3 Ecosystem

Trust Wallet is delighted to introduce the addition of the MEV Protection
feature. This comes hot on the heels of our recent upgrade to the Swaps
feature, which now offers even more seamless exchanges with over 1M+ token
pairs across expanded networks and additional providers.

MEV Protection is specifically built to safeguard your transactions from the
challenges of Miner Extractable Value (MEV), such as sandwich attacks and
front-running. This serves as a continuation of our commitment to enhancing
your crypto experience, ensuring that every transaction is secure and fair.
This aligns seamlessly with Trust Wallet’s mission to offer a secure, user-
focused Web3 experience.

## Understanding MEV Attacks

Miner Extractable Value (MEV) attacks exploit the order of transactions within
a blockchain. Through strategies like front-running or sandwich attacks,
miners or bots can manipulate transaction orders to profit at the expense of
regular users. This can lead to increased slippage, less favorable execution
prices, and a generally unfair transactions environment.

## What is MEV Protection?

MEV Protection is a feature designed to shield your transactions from these
attacks. It ensures that your swaps are executed fairly, without being
disadvantaged by MEV strategies. This layer of protection maintains the
integrity of your transactions, making your swapping experience more secure
and equitable.

## How Does MEV Protection Benefit You?

  * **Fair Swap Prices :** MEV protection ensures you get fair market prices for your swaps. It prevents miners or bots from manipulating prices, safeguarding you from paying more or receiving less than the market rate.

  * **Enhanced Swap Experience:** By protecting against sandwich and front-running attacks, we ensure a smoother and more secure transaction process, enhancing your swapping experience.

  * **User-Informed Security:** Trust Wallet users are informed about our MEV protection capabilities from the outset, offering the freedom to opt-in for this additional layer of security.

## MEV Protection inside Trust Wallet

![mev.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmev_e6ab35adeb.png&w=3840&q=75)

Accessing Protection from MEV in Trust Wallet is simple. Here’s how:

  1. Select ‘Swap’ in the bottom menu.

  2. Choose the Setting button in the top right corner.

  3. The MEV Protection feature is enabled by default on all the devices.

## Join the Secure Swaps Experience with Trust Wallet

Trust Wallet is committed to advancing a secure and integrated Web3 ecosystem.
The implementation of MEV Protection is a pivotal advancement that reinforces
the integrity of your swaps.

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> Note: Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the time
> of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

