  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Propy and the PRO Token: Bringing Real Estate Onchain](/blog/propy-and-the-
pro-token-bringing-real-estate-onchain)

##### Blockchain

# Propy and the PRO Token: Bringing Real Estate Onchain

Published on: Apr 23, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Propy?**
  * **What are Tokenized Real World Assets?**
  * **What is PropyKeys?**
  * **How Does PropyKeys Work?**
  * **How to Deposit PRO (Base) to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Explore how Propy is revolutionizing the property industry by bringing real
estate onto the blockchain.

![Propy and the PRO Token: Bringing Real Estate
Onchain](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fpropy_real_estate_onchain_9832205e6c.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-blockchain-a-beginners-
guide) technology has opened new avenues for real estate. Propy, a pioneering
platform in this space, leverages blockchain tech to revolutionize the way
real estate transactions are conducted. At the heart of Propy's ecosystem lies
the [Propy crypto token (PRO)](https://trustwallet.com/propy-wallet). The
Propy token serves as a catalyst for tokenizing real world assets (RWAs),
particularly in the realm of real estate.

Learn how [Propy](https://trustwallet.com/propy-wallet) is bringing real
estate onto the blockchain and unlocking new opportunities for investors and
property owners.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Propy (PRO) in more detail, it’s important to remember that
you can manage PRO using Trust Wallet. You can download Trust Wallet as a
mobile app, or you can install the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop
browser.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is Propy?

[Propy](https://trustwallet.com/propy-wallet) is a blockchain-based real
estate marketplace and decentralized title registry that utilizes smart
contracts to facilitate property transactions across the globe.
Propystreamlines property transactions, making them faster, more secure, and
more efficient. Propy's platform enables users to search for properties,
negotiate deals, execute contracts, and transfer ownership securely using
blockchain technology.

Propy brings real estate onchain through PropyKeys. PropyKeys is a project
within the Propy ecosystem that enables users to mint a digital address that
corresponds to a physical property. These properties range from home addresses
to global landmarks.

## What are Tokenized Real World Assets?

[Tokenized real world assets](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-are-tokenized-
real-world-assets-in-web3) represent a groundbreaking concept in the realm of
blockchain and finance. Tokenized
[RWAs](https://trustwallet.com/blog/blackrock-move-into-asset-tokenization)
are traditional real world assets, such as real estate properties, that have
been digitized and represented as tokens, such as NFTs, on a blockchain
network.

### Tokenized Real World Assets Benefits

Tokenized RWAs, like real estate, unlock a range of exciting possibilities for
investors and property owners. Here are some of the key benefits:

  * **Increased efficiency:** Traditional real estate transactions can be slow and cumbersome, owing to paperwork and administrative hurdles. RWAs streamline the process by leveraging blockchain technology. Transactions can potentially be settled faster and with lower fees due to the secure and automated nature of the blockchain.

  * **Improved transparency and security:** Blockchain technology provides a secure and transparent ledger for recording ownership and transaction history. This can reduce the risk of fraud and errors compared to traditional paper-based systems. Additionally, tokenized ownership records are tamper-proof and readily verifiable, simplifying ownership disputes.

  * **Enhanced liquidity:** Tokenized assets can be easily traded on cryptocurrency exchanges, potentially increasing their liquidity compared to traditional real estate investments. This can make it easier for investors to buy and sell their holdings.

Overall, tokenized real world assets offer a new and innovative way to invest
in and manage real estate. By leveraging the power of blockchain technology,
RWAs have the potential to revolutionize the real estate market, making it
more accessible, efficient, and transparent for all participants.

## What is PropyKeys?

PropyKeys is a tokenized real estate project developed on the [Base
network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/trust-wallet-integrates-base-a-low-cost-
open-source-layer-2-blockchain). PropyKeys brings real estate onchain through
[NFT](https://trustwallet.com/nft) addresses and landmarks. Using PropyKeys,
users can mint digital addresses corresponding to physical properties, ranging
from home addresses to global landmarks. PropyKeys aims to revolutionize real
estate by leveraging blockchain technology.

![propy-real-estate-onchain-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fpropy_real_estate_onchain_3_37f10dee96.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Immutable Ownership Records

PropyKeys stores property data on the blockchain, creating a tamper-proof
record of ownership. This reduces fraud risk and simplifies ownership
disputes.

### Decentralized Property Rights

Beyond transactions, PropyKeys is a dApp designed to reshape property rights.
Imagine a future where ownership is transparent and recorded on a blockchain,
not on paper controlled by a central authority. This could lead to a more
secure and equitable system.

### Earning Through Participation

PropyKeys creates a new avenue for the crypto community to engage in real
estate. Users can stake digital addresses (claiming them) and earn rewards.
These addresses can then be sold to the actual property owners.

### Transforming Property Ownership

Property owners can acquire their digital address and upgrade it to an on-
chain title. This title can be staked and eventually converted into an RWA
NFT, facilitating easier property sales or enabling micro-mortgages.

### Community-Driven Future

PropyKeys envisions a future where property ownership records are stored
securely on the blockchain, fostering trust and transparency through an open-
source and community-governed approach.

## How Does PropyKeys Work?

PropyKeys works by leveraging blockchain technology to streamline real estate
interaction. Built on Coinbase's Layer-2 network, Base, it allows users to
mint digital representations of real-world addresses. PropyKeys also aims to
revolutionize deed storage by replacing traditional paper deeds with secure,
on-chain storage. This open and community-managed system boasts enhanced
protection against theft. To incentivize participation, users earn rewards in
PRO tokens for contributing to the network by minting and safeguarding these
digital addresses and deeds.

PropyKeys hinges on two key players: Minters and Owners. Minters, crypto-savvy
individuals, use PRO tokens to mint digital representations of real-world
addresses as NFTs on the blockchain. This creates a global on-chain address
registry.

![propy-real-estate-onchain-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fpropy_real_estate_onchain_1_08dca61625.png&w=3840&q=75)

Owners, those who actually own the properties, can claim their minted
addresses and connect them to real ownership proof. This verification process
often involves higher-tier NFTs and validators (licensed professionals)
ensuring everything is legit.

Both Minters and Owners are incentivized. Minters earn rewards for minting
addresses and educating others. Owners benefit from increased transparency,
security of ownership on the blockchain, and even potential future
functionalities like faster property sales through secure NFT auctions.

This system aims to streamline real estate processes, promote secure
ownership, and potentially open doors for future innovations in the property
market.

## How to Deposit PRO (Base) to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can [deposit propy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/propy-wallet) (PRO)
from another [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet)
address or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “PRO” or “Propy” and select it.

![propy-real-estate-onchain-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fpropy_real_estate_onchain_2_d49c1d2f1f.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to [PRO](https://trustwallet.com/propy-wallet),
Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

