Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 33

# Embedded Custody: The Shift from Digitization to Tokenization

  *  __ July 29, 2022
  *  __44 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fembedded-custody-the-shift-from-digitization-to-tokenization-w-nitin-gaur%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fembedded-custody-the-shift-from-digitization-to-tokenization-w-nitin-gaur%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

For this  [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/) episode,
we were joined by [Nitin Gaur](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nitin-
gaur-75571a9/), Managing Director at [State
Street](https://www.statestreet.com/home.html) Digital, a division of State
Street Bank focusing on digital assets and technologies including
cryptocurrencies, central bank digital currency, blockchain, and tokenization.
Nitin leads the digital asset and technology design, with aspirations to
transition part of the company’s financial market infrastructure and its
clients to the new digital economy.

In a previous role, Nitin, served as the founder and director of IBM Digital
Asset Labs — committed to devising industry standards, use cases and working
toward making blockchain for enterprise a reality. In parallel, Nitin also
served as chief technology officer of IBM World Wire — a cross-border payment
solution utilizing digital assets. Nitin also founded IBM Blockchain Labs and
led the effort in establishing blockchain practice for the enterprise.



### Topics covered

  1. The current state and pre-requisites to tokenization
  2. Overcoming the regulatory and compliance issues in the recent market events
  3. The current state of the market, its (un)structure and the history of the promise of crypto

### Full transcript

[00:00:00] **Seamus:**  Welcome to the 33rd episode at METACO Talks. Today,
we’re speaking with the one and only Nitin Gaur, Managing Director at State
Street Digital, where he leads digital asset and technology design with
aspirations transition part of the company’s financial market infrastructure,
and its clients to the new digital economy. In his previous role, Nitin served
as the Founder and Director of IBM Digital Asset Labs, committed to devising
industry standards, use cases and working towards making blockchain for
enterprise a reality. In parallel, Nitin has served as a CTO of IBM World
Wire, a cross-border payment solution utilizing digital assets. Nitin also
founded IBM Blockchain Labs, and led the effort in establishing blockchain
practice with enterprise. An impressive resume. Nitin, welcome to METACO
Talks.



[00:00:48] **Nitin:**  Hey, Seamus. Thanks again for the invitation. Really
glad to be here. Again, I’m humbled by the introduction. Thank you again for
that.



[00:00:56] **Seamus:**  Thank great having you. Why don’t we just dive right
in? We touched a little bit on the background, but tell us about your
background in digital assets at IBM and now State Street.



[00:01:05] **Nitin:**  Absolutely. I think the last decade has been
interesting. While founding the blockchain labs and digital asset labs, as you
mentioned, I’ve strived to maintain a balance between market trends, the
readiness for the enterprise, organizational aspirations and a sound product
market fit. I think as you can understand, we’ve done a number of POCs. They
have enormous amount of potential, but they don’t go anywhere, while the
organizations may want to take a leap. I’ve tried to attempt to achieve that
balance with one, a grander perspective, and balance that with enormous amount
of research and technology acumen. At the end of the day, I’ve always said
that technology is the product, product is the technology.

I will say this and I wear this as a badge of honor, that I’ve failed in some
pursuits and succeeded in some. I think the learning has been immense in the
past decade. We’ve built this business and industry, and I think we’ve come a
long way since 2012, 2013, which is when I got into it. I’m still learning and
the industry has a long way to go, which we’ll discuss some of it on this
call. Also, I recently joined State Street, as you mentioned, and one of the
objectives that I’m trying to do with leading the digital last asset and
technology design is transition the part of our industry’s financial market
infrastructure and our clients into new digital economy. We’ll discuss what
that means in a few. Really glad to be here; I’d love to share some of that
perspectives on this podcast.



[00:02:31] **Seamus:**  Oh, absolutely. Before we get into that, that
transition is super interesting going from one of the leading tech firms in
the market. It’s been around for a hundred plus years, and you’re moving into
another firm in a financial space that have been around a similar period.
Given you a different perspective on the industry?



[00:02:46] **Nitin:**  I do. I think it’s interesting because IBM, again tech
heavyweight, 115 plus years in the industry, has seen the transformation of
the existing financial system that we built. If you look at all the messaging
systems, all the payment systems, all the mainframes, which is core banking
and core accounting systems, that comes from our legacy, which is IBM’s
legacy. What’s interesting is as we transform that, I see myself in the middle
of the fact that I spent the large part of the first 15, 20 years with IBM in
solving issues of digitization of those platforms, and now we are looking into
tokenization of those platforms. You are sort of in the crossfires of that
ecosystem, having being witness to say what problems we are solving, to
suddenly now you throw a wrench to say we have blockchain coming in now. How
do those two systems coexist, which I think has been super interesting.

That was my messaging to IBM when I was there, is that it’s our legacy and we
got to preserve it from technology perspective. Coming into State Street to me
is a breadth of fresh air in terms of the leadership division, but also a
focus, a pragmatic focus on what the shift from digitization, tokenization and
what does it mean for the industry. Because at the end of the day, we are a
back office and middle office crossing function for the entire industry. I
think there’s a massive opportunity, but it has to be sprinkled with
pragmatism and grounded perspective, as I mentioned before.



[00:04:09] **Seamus:**  I think that’d probably give you great insights on
where do you think we are in that? You mentioned the path to digitization now
swinging over to the path to tokenization. Are we there yet? What do you think
the prerequisites are to get that in place, open banking, open API, et cetera?



[00:04:25] **Nitin:**  I think that the industry has already been on the path.
In the past, I would say seven to eight years we’ve been on this path of
massive digitization to digitize the modern aging financial system. Again, the
things that were spreadsheet driven, the rent to open banking, PSD 2, SCA, all
these initiatives led to ensure that digitalization is smooth. There’s minimal
disruption because at the end of the day, the idea was to bring the financial
systems and move the asset and payment systems that has existed for quite some
time, that as an IBM we help build, in traditional era and keep up with
digital commerce and digital delivery of services. Again, dot com, the digital
commerce and certainly mobile commerce. It has been a massive velocity, and
expectations have changed from the industry.

The question that I often ask myself is, how does a financial institutions
manage these two drastically different models in tandem? They have a challenge
in saying, I need to modernize my existing complex system that I have and
transform that with a disruptive twist. For one hand, the digitalization
effort, which by the way, was still based on the traditional ledger based
model where you still had the code banking system, and suddenly now we had to
bring all these middleware systems and we had to bring all this verification
of these mobile application as a front end of this. Certainly now with the
advent of DLT and blockchain and tokenization, the token based model
challenges and negates the current digitization efforts. The whole element is
the fact that you’re suddenly flattening the processing and the ledgering
infrastructure from a transaction processing perspective, which today is a
batch relay system that go into how we design the system.

The question that I have asked myself is how do financial institutions manage
the delicate balance in which the two worlds can coexist, and provide a
seamless and singular experience, which is enormously hard? How does a
financial institution manage the delicate balance and maintain that single
experience? It is a complicated one. Adequate thought needs to be given to the
operational structure that in my opinion, I think encompasses a complexity of
existing structures, existing systems, encapsulate the growth within
industry’s heading in through the digitalized ecosystem.

I will say this, Seamus, that I think it presents both a monumental
operational challenge and a massive opportunity of landscape that allows an
enterprise like ours to embark on this new business model. Again, simple
things like the fact that things may take a day or two. For reconciliation,
for example, things may take a day or two to resolve a problem, whether it’s a
dispute, which in digital assents it’s eternity. Things can change a lot in
two days. How do we deal with the elements of transaction finality and
removing some of the element? That is to me, the path going forward and
figuring out the coexistence and how do we maintain that without risking the
existing system, because the world is running on those existing systems.



[00:07:35] **Seamus:**  Well, it’s great context because I think we often talk
about the market going through certain phases, how we’ve been through this
FinTech. There’s been so much innovation in the digital asset space in the
last dozen years, and it’s moved at a lightning space. Now we’ve obviously had
a lot of events in the last few months. At the same time, we’ve seen the banks
emerge in this space and it presents potentially a huge opportunity for
incumbents for probably precisely the reasons you’re talking about, the sound
approach.

You had a great article in Coin Telegraph, where you talk about the issues of
digital asset market, the market infrastructure. You specifically touched on
governance, internal controls, risk management principles, which seem to have
been a little bit lacking in some of the headlines we’ve seen in the last few
months. I would put that in context.



[00:08:22] **Nitin:**  Yeah. It’s funny, Seamus, I’ve labeled that as the
recent failures and ripple effect as contingent of incompetence, in this
centralized entities with opaque, I might add, ill government projects
claiming to write the decentralized and transparent market ethos of blockchain
and DLT. It’s interesting. We have talked about this in my articles and in the
entire crypto sphere, where the stable coin becomes a primary element of
liquidity into the system. The impact of global macro and overall quantitative
tightening that we have seen in the past, basically boils down to liquidity
are lack of. Over-leveraged pools, circular trading that actually happen
between the actors and that ecosystem had a domino effect on the connected
parties. Which prompted me to look deeper into crypto market structure, or
lack of it, essentially. In the spirit of any crisis, not going raised, I see
this as opportunity to learn from failures and build upon successes.

While these projects are failing, innovation continues. I think if you look at
some of the projects in the space in terms of decentralized exchanges and
lending protocols, we’re sound and adhere to their protocols. They were not
aware of the bankruptcy protection, let’s say what Celsius went through and
any exogenous impact, which I thought was brilliant. If you recall, in the
recent some of these projects were prioritizing paying down the protocol
because they could unlock the assets that were locked into it, which to me
that’s a hope. That’s a type of structure we can look into, which provides
some element of not just efficiency, but also resiliency. I think just like
our existing financial system that has evolved over time, like dot Frank and
every regulation that’s come forth, has been a result of some crisis and some
fault that we’ve seen in the system. I just hope that we focus on efficiency
and resiliency, and not overregulated, because innovation and regulation can
go hand in hand, but oftentimes we have to let that entity grow and fail.
Exactly what we say about our teenage kids; we have to let them fail to learn
from it. If I were to draw an analogy, I think the crypto industry is still in
adolescent. I focus on market structure, which is an important part, because I
think it’s up to the industry to find its market structure and not mimic the
existing structure, because then all we have done is digitized it. We haven’t
really disrupted that industry per se.



[00:10:53] **Seamus:**  Maybe go a bit deeper on some of the comments you made
about that market structure. You talked about how traditional finance markets
only really work when there’s adequate supply and demand for capital and the
information between participants. Do you want to unpack that a little bit?



[00:11:08] **Nitin:**  That’s a great question. I’ve pondered and written
about this. In fact, I’m spending more of my time as a technologist less on
technology but more on the structures and how does money move. If you look at
our existing modern financial market structure, essentially it’s a chain of
interconnected market participants that does two fundamental things. You
accumulate capital or you form capital, and then you’re finding investment
resources. In between that you have liquidity, which is moving money for point
A to point B. There’s a utilitarian element of capital in the system, which
lets the economy grow, which lets project grow, which lets use of capital to
harness talent, harness resources.

These market participants that have a specific function. for example, I work
for State Street now, there’s an asset custody involvement, there’s central
bookkeeping, there’s liquidity provisioning, there’s clearing and settlement
and all these functions. Each of these functions imply that you have a
structure or you have a relay of, I mentioned this earlier, batch relay
system, which in includes some element of capital constraints, some elements
of regulation, which these entities are not by design vertically integrated,
which again, to avoid concentration risk, but also to avoid collusion and
unilateral investment decisions which could harm the markets in general. Each
of these participants have a function, and they maintain ledger, which boils
down to the technology element. How do we maintain assets? How do we keep the
record of what we have on the books?

When I say a batch related system, the transfer asset takes from ledger
reconciliation and information transfer between this different entity. When
I’m moving, let’s say a security, and waiting for payments, this is BVP
between multiple entities, it’s a function of how information moves and how
each of these entities reconcile. We have designed the system, I’ve been
involved in designing the systems in the past; each participant has to balance
the books or else they are penalized either by market forces or regulators
that you have to have the right liquidity, which is where Vassal 3, Vassal 4
comes into play of what assets you have on hand, what risk you take. This
balancing act creates at some level opacity of information as the information
goes from those different market participants for a period of time. However
short that may be, which leads to inefficiency in terms, in my opinion, of
liquidity the enterprise must maintain to factor in the delay, which has all
kinds of implication costs both in terms of opportunity, costs of capital,
fees associated with it.

With digital assets, some of these issues are resolved. If you take digital
assets, it’s near time settlement. It’s an ability for us to lock these assets
into smart contracts and provide some governance around. It not only addresses
efficiency in transaction processing, but also resilient financial market
infrastructure with transparency that the foundational technology, which is
DLT and blockchain, offer.

I want to unpack this whole structure to say, what does this structure mean?
Because our existing market structure has evolved over time and we are
digitally connected. But if we were to flatten the entire set of market
participants to one single layer, it certainly implies disintermediation to a
certain extent. But we also have to realize what the implication of near real
time processing implies for things like liquidity, for things like recording
of assets, and what can we benefit from it? I’ll pause here to see if that
makes sense.



[00:14:32] **Seamus:**  I think it makes perfect sense. Again, the question of
unpacking, some of these questions when you do flatten that system, the issues
of capital potentially are much reduced if you have instant transfer of
assets, because a lot of this is about trust for two days or whatever the
period is. The processes are about definition inefficient. It’d be great if
you describe the problem that you think crypto is solving in this space,
versus the premise and how that intersects very much what you described, how
that intersects with the current state of the market.



[00:15:05] **Nitin:**  Not to be the guy, I have to remind myself oftentimes
most blockchain people are blockchain people with the hammer and everything is
a nail that can be solved by blockchain. I don’t want to be that guy. But if
you were to rethink our existing financial system and technology that powers
it, and try to craft a system that is able to systematically address the
complexity that has evolved over time, after all the current financial system
has served us well. Yes, it has its lapse, it has its gaps, and it’s gone
through its own share of upgrades. We’ve gone through a series of events in
terms of how we modernize the payment systems, financial systems. The global
financial systems are now more interconnected than ever. I think that the pace
at which the digital economy is growing, it demands a different scale, which
is where I think is that disconnect. The alternative system will challenge the
inefficiency of the existing system with scale, speed, inefficiency, and in
form of fees, cost and fraud, which is rampant, right? You can have all the
measures around it, but the fact is that the digital infrastructure that is
designed was really designed for a moment of information. We have used that
moment of information to update our ledgers, essentially what the batch relay
system was. I think we had to think about this differently, because if we did
what we did we’ll always get what we got. All the stuff that we’re doing is
Band-Aid around the system. At some point, as the populations around the
world, 8 billion plus people who are getting highly digitized, and want to
partake in our financial systems and digital economy, we have to think about
this a bit differently.

I think as a tokenization, it is essential not only for powering the next
generation digital economy, but also paving the way for new business models,
which is built upon instant economy. It is the ability for us to be able to
fractionize asset. For that to happen, we have to build a trust network, which
allows for example a farmer in Uganda, or a middle class in India, to
participate in the same economic system that me and you in the Western world
have access to. The only way to achieve that is to have single set of rules.
If you look at the thesis and the vision of Bitcoin and Ethereum, projects
that came about, it’s financial inclusion and egalitarian systems. But today,
if you have Ether, no matter where you’re in the world, you can participate
with the same rules, as long as you have access to the network and you have
connectivity. The same rules, same markets, nothing changes no matter if
you’re in Vietnam, India, or United States. That is a profound function.

But for that to happen in the world that we live in, which is regulated and
ensuring that we are adhering to regulatory elements, all the things that we
deal with, it’s ensuring that we have the travel rules and we have some of the
elements of ensuring that there’s no nefarious happening in this ecosystem. I
think it’s widely accepted now after almost 13, 14 years, that blockchain
technology lays the foundation of a trusted digital transaction network. As a
disintermediated platform, it fuels the growth of marketplaces. Blockchain is
not just a transaction system, it also enables co-creation with different
participants in the network. Certainly now you can join a network, and yes, it
could be permissioned network that you can do all the due diligence and you
can participate with the rules of engagement defined by the network. But it
also fuels the growth of secondary markets in many businesses that don’t exist
today. It’s a value exchange mechanism that we are creating. Blockchain itself
provides, at least in my opinion, the technology construct to facilitate
exchange ownership and trust network. It’s the digitization of value elements,
which is where asset optimization comes. That plays a vital role. For that you
need few fundamental elements. You need to keep the asset safe, which is where
custody comes into play. You need to take existing assets and tokenize them,
which is where asset optimization projects come into play. You need a
transaction layer, which is where blockchain come into play.

These are table stakes for any entity that wants to get into the space.
Building upon that would be these various ecosystems that need to evolve. This
is where we can coexist with existing financial system and eventually figure
out a way to tokenize existing real world assets and move them onto this newer
one asset class at a time, by not changing the market structure initially, but
having the same players do their same function, which will flatten the curve,
so to speak. I’ll pause here to see if that makes sense.



[00:19:24] **Seamus:**  That’s great.  I think what you described is probably
what motivated a lot of us to get into the blockchain space or the crypto
space. Having a bank account on your mobile phone for anybody from, as you
said, from the Bangladeshi farmer to someone in a developed country.

In that context, you’re talking about the flat and everything, enabling the
trustless exchange, but at the same time you have trusted participants
potentially delivering what they do currently. What do you see as the role of,
let’s say a large custodian? State Street as a good example in that ecosystem.



[00:19:55] **Nitin:**  I think there are two things. One is trust is a
currency, and we have to respect it. Second thing is, if you look at the
ecosystem today, and this is one of the reasons why I take pride in working
for State Street, the vision around what we’re trying to build, you have this
massive 470 plus trillion-dollar worth of existing asset classes. These are
the traditional asset classes that still exist and trapped in various ledgers
around the world. I think there’s a massive herculean effort that the industry
could partake, whether let’s say we tokenize commodities, we tokenize ETFs,
corporate bonds. There’s a whole effort that we can do to modernize the
financial system, while the crypto industry is still evolving and it’s finding
its path and finding its economic system.

I see them as parallel paths, where the crypto industry is defining its
ecosystem, its own market structures as it moves forward. Someone like a
custodian, both in terms of technology is product, product is technology, is
with technology first approach, understand those elements and build a common
infrastructure that if we are embarking on a path where we are tokenizing real
world assets, what is the infrastructure needed for that? What services can we
provide in being the mid office and back office for the industry, which is
such a critical function that powers the entire industry from the front? What
can we do to provide some of those services, which will not only modernize,
but change the way industry functions and have a truly global perspective?
Which most global financial institutions like us do anyway. Of course, there
are challenges both in terms of talent technology gaps and massive regulatory
elements.

Taking the trust currency that we have is modernizing that, having a forward
looking perspective, and focusing on what I call middle tier. I use the word
middle tier because you have the far left, which is crypto, changing the world
as we know it. It may be a fifth asset class, which we’ve been discussing this
already, that it may have its own value structures. It may be completely
revolutionized the way people consume both in terms of it as a currency, but
also it as an asset class. I will not muddy the water more with bringing in
MetaWares and NFT, which has its own stream that we can talk about.

Then you have business as usual, which is serving these new industries, which
is the newer hedge funds, the newer market participants, the newer ETFs, which
are relying upon this fifth asset class to provide the exposure through
traditional offerings. This is again the Bitcoin ETFs and the futures and
everything else, which provide not just the institutional investors, but the
common folks who understand the space, who understand finance from what we
know today.

Then you have the middle of the ground. You have far left, far right;
traditional business, crypto. Middle, I think is a swim lane that is
attractive, that we should commit our time. eventually the idea is that if we
deal with this, not only are you creating the right modernized infrastructure,
but you’re also building larger markets because now you have the ability
enabling the various other market participants to fractionalize the asset and
create larger market pools, create larger liquidity, and have some level of
accountability and mobility of these assets globally with a regulated mindset,
with a lens that ensures that we are following the regulation, both endpoints
between the corridors that we operate in. I think that’s the path that we
should look into, which will, I think, exponentially progress the industry. It
may take a decade only because of the complexity and a lot of accountability
and a lot of things that we have to change. But the vision is there. We just
ensure that we have to execute and understand the technical imperatives to get
to that stage, again within the confines of regulation, within the confines of
ensuring we are doing the right things by the book.



[00:23:41] **Seamus:**  You’re describing a very exciting future. It is more
than just an efficiency process. It’s not just about technology to reduce
costs. You’re unlocking potentially something much larger.  The way we’ve
electrified, immobilized securities, created a much larger security market
electrification, same thing. You see that clearly there’s another stage of
explosive growth, potentially.

You touched a bit about the required infrastructure. Where is State Street in
that journey? The infrastructure for the old world is not necessarily the same
as this infrastructure in the new world. You’ve been deeply involved in
infrastructure for IBM days, what is the environments in that space?



[00:24:19] **Nitin:**  I’ve tried this in, in many of my pursuits in the past.
One way is it’s a humongous industry, and there’s so many narratives that are
going on and I have to simplify this. I went down the path of simplification
of this to say, I characterize this industry by three I’s. One is the
infrastructure, which is all the bare bonds we need; DLT for transaction
platforms, whether we connect to one or create one for quasi open ecosystem or
closed ecosystems. You need asset tokenization, which is inability for us to
convert the existing asset classes in some form of fashion, whether it’s paper
driven assets or dematerialized assets into tokenized assets. Then you need to
safeguard these assets for custody purposes, which is digital asset custody.
The everything are surrounding it, whether it’s audit functions, whether it’s
market data functions, which is the traditional function that the industry has
provided. You need all that as infrastructure, including hosting notes to
connect to the crypto, which is the fifth asset class.

All that is part of the infrastructure. We need to have our perspective around
the various technologies to safeguard these things, because crypto is such an
integral part of the entire space. Things like HSMs, NBCs, what we need to do
for keeping the keys safe. What do we need to do ensuring that we have the
right processing infrastructure in meeting the SLAs for transaction processing
perspective?

Then you have the instruments, which is an interesting part. I’ve always
focused on this; that a token is a token is a token. But a token can represent
a real estate asset or a token can represent a gold. A gold instrument token
can represent a mortgage backed security, and the account continues with
various different assets classes. How do we ensure that while we build the
infrastructure, we have defined swim lanes to address these different
instruments in a regulated and compliant manner? Because each have different
regulatory focus, they have different reporting requirements, they have
different characteristics of how these assets behave, who are the market
participants for that asset.

That the focus that you bring in terms of, that is the business. That
instrument brings that focus back into saying, how do we utilize the
infrastructure that’s pertinent to that instrument, both in terms of
regulatory and compliance, but also an operational framework needed to service
that instrument?

And the third I is insights, which to me drives everything, which is data. How
do we exploit the data, not just for business purposes, but to gain
competitive advantage? Which is what exactly now the market data providers in
the field, and we are partnering with some of them, are doing. It is not only
providing market data for us to be able to make the decisions around risk and
opportunities, but also you need enough data to drive insights in terms of the
patterns that the industry is morphing towards. I think that becomes a
challenge, because as you tokenize the asset, as the transaction patterns move
towards a more real time model, again you’re not getting data from five
different forces because the ledger is strapped. You’re suddenly going after a
much more flat infrastructure. The veracity and velocity of data exponentially
increases. What compute framework do we have, do we need to compute the data
and apply the AI machine learning models to make sense of it?

These are, to me, opportunities and challenges from what I think any financial
enterprise need to build. That’s the perspective I’m bringing to the industry,
if that makes sense.



[00:27:41] **Seamus:**  It makes total sense. It’s a great explanation of the
complexity of, the full circle of technology needs to support this. You’ve
also talked about State Streets, the trust it brings, because if you’re going
to bridge the traditional assets in this new world, bridging that trust is a
key element, which I think you’re very well positioned to do. Tokenization,
you’ve talked about before the supply and demand of capital. It’s very much a
chicken and egg tokenization. You need second liquid, secondary markets,
quality issuers. Where do you start to bootstrap this?  Are there asset
classes that are low hanging fruit? Are there particular ways to do that, that
the tokenization becomes a reality?



[00:28:25] **Nitin:**  Yeah. I find a lot of white space in the area as I’m
learning and as I’m engaging in these areas. We had done this matrix analysis
in terms of breaking down the entire capital market structure, finding
different roles, different participants, different asset classes. The things
that have process complexity become enormously hard to tokenize. We are not
changing the market structure; we are going towards modernization of the
market infrastructure. Two different things. If you don’t change the market
structure, process complexity implies now you need to have the same processing
for tokenized assets, as well as the digitalized assets that we discussed, the
differentiation between two. I think that areas like private markets and cap
reformation are right. One, it’s a lot of white space. Now that if I want to
open a company, I want to have key offerings and I don’t want to go through
the expensive IPO process, I can go into any of these areas to issue my
securities and my cap table, with the transfer agent, go to an ATS. This is
the smaller markets. I think some of those are ripe for the industry. As I
evaluate and look at this, private markets are growing exponentially, much
faster than in many cases the traditional securities and equities world that
we operate in. But also I think it’s forex for my last research and count. I
think those are ripe areas for us to engage in. it has a fairly fluid
structure in terms of who the players are and you have new players coming in
leaving.

But I think in many cases it’s right because every time you have a cap
formation, you have new entities coming. As the industry goes towards creating
new entrepreneurs, creating new ideas, creating new products, there’s a
constant flow of entities coming in for cap reformation requirements. I think
some of those are ripe. I think payments is ripe. In many cases, cross border
movement of money has always been a challenge. I can tell you this, that there
are thousands of companies. You can drop a stone in a pot, there’ll be a
payment company trying to solve that problem for you in the entire spectrum of
payment.

Some of these are quite ripe, that’s why I think the emergence of stablecoin
for payments, many companies trying to address the cap reformation area have
emerged because they seem to be the fact that we can address that problem.
Eventually, as everything else, success breeds success. You have successful
markets, next thing you know, you begin to replicate those. I think that’s
when exactly what had happened with internet; it took almost 8 or 10 years for
it to evolve. Next thing you know, we were buying tickets, we were going to
airlines. Because you closed the information gap. We had the protocols to
ensure you have some semblance of security, which I think now we know that is
not the case, but back in the day it was; that you could do banking, you could
do all these different areas. We need to shift that mindset from an
information based protocols to an asset based protocol that DLT brings
forward.



[00:31:23] **Seamus:**  That’s very good. One last question, because we’re
almost running out of time. You’ve talked about not changing structure, but
modernizing infrastructure. How do you look at the impact of DeFi? Do you see
a role for things like embedded custody there? Is that a new structure or is
that just again a changing infrastructure?



[00:31:44] **Nitin:**  That’s a super interesting question, Seamus. I’ve been
thinking about this a lot. My thinking, and this is the worldview of Nitin, I
should I should clarify this is my opinion and not of my employer, my vision
is eventually if you tokenize all the asset classes, the ability for me to
take my ETF, collateralize on a lending protocol, borrow stablecoin or borrow
Bitcoins, I think is where we would find the true bridging of the existing
world and the new world, and that becomes super interesting. DeFi by design
are meant to change market structures. DeFi by design are meant to be open.
Decentralized financing also has in my last count six categories, you have
AMMS, automate market makers, you have liquid providers, you have lending
pools. You have different categories, which to me is forming its own market.
You can borrow from one pool, you can lend from another pool, you can get a
stablecoin. You can do all kinds of interesting things in that space.

The democratization of DeFi is also implied. Because if you have an Ether, no
matter where you’re in the world you can go to these pools and collateralize
these assets, and borrow against these, and all the financial primitives that
go with traditional asset classes already exist.

The way I’m viewing this is that DeFi protocols are interesting. That market
structure is evolving, and that market structure sits on the DLT
infrastructure. That has to spend some more time in terms of digital identity,
that needs to be addressed. Security protocols need to be addressed, privacy
protection needs to be addressed. You still need to have those layers for them
to truly flourish and become part of mainstream. I think a lot of protocols, a
lot of projects, are working on that front. To me, that’s really exciting. I
wish that 10 years from now when me and you are sipping a beer or having this
follow up in METACO Talks 3033, I think we should be able to have this
conversation. Hey, I took my ETF and I was able to collateral this on, let’s
say an AVO protocol, and borrow against it. I think it’ll be a fantastic
story.



[00:33:43] **Seamus:**  There’s a lot of exciting experimentation in the bank.
Hopefully that’s before the episode 3000. But we’ll have you on before that,
I’m sure. Nitin, it’s been super to have you here. A lot of really exciting
insights, thanks for your time. We will have you on again.



[00:34:02] **Nitin:**  Thanks for the invitation.



[00:34:05] **Seamus:**  To everybody, thanks for joining us. We hope you
enjoyed the episode. Until next time, don’t forget, we’ll upload the recording
and script to today’s episode at
[www.metaco.com/talks](https://www.metaco.com/talks), and also available on
all your favorite podcast channels.

Thanks again. Great weekend everybody.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Embedded Custody: The Shift from Digitization to Tokenization w/ Nitin GAUR
[METACO TALKS #33]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWPYVc2bRH4)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWPYVc2bRH4&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 34:34•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWPYVc2bRH4 "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dWPYVc2bRH4), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

