![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Cn8W0w0U7WBezHB6C9w7WKoyc.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/q93jJSreCMoPhShI6UDZsFTqnxQ.jpg)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/wbwBT8rnJauU8TAvgCeZ1bAGyY.svg)](./)

[Validator](./#validator)

[Products](./#products)

[About](./#about)

[Blog](./blog)

[Careers](https://apply.workable.com/anza-xyz/?lng=en)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/OAGsclntMVAi6UQ1gaqHXOlCWRo.svg)](https://github.com/anza-
xyz)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/x9h6JMbm1igCpRMK2Bx9FauDwxg.svg)](https://discord.com/invite/anza-
xyz)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/IlSSjk0ZO40F3A2V8aTPlOyTygk.svg)](https://twitter.com/anza_xyz)

Contact us

ANZA

# Building the most robust  
Web3 protocols

Anza is the leading Solana-focused software development firm, building
resilient, elegant, and impactful protocols.

## Thrive in Web3âs competitive landscape with Anza

Anza provides cutting-edge, expert-verified solutions that help developers and
clients navigate the increasingly complex world of Web3 development with
confidence and innovation. Let us work on your protocol.

VALIDATOR

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6lWzWbddsdMuxfYG9QaSpOaUM.jpg)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/M9RSr5Kp88DMkIhFrTSIZ0iZIqQ.svg)

### Solanaâs gold standard client

Forked from the original Solana Labs client, Agave is one of five Solana
clients being developed and is set to hit Mainnet later this year.

[Learn More](https://github.com/anza-xyz/agave)

## PRODUCTS

## 01  
  

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kHEKUTx6ROrl6j9RSOXly0AjcU.png)

### Token Extensions

Token extensions are the next generation Solana token program designed to
enhance functionality at the protocol level. They offer additional features to
SPL Token while providing a seamless and improved tokenization experience on
Solana.

[Learn More](https://solana.com/solutions/token-extensions)

## 02

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/D9nVUGhbajdc92frXtK6ppNOMAw.png)

### Solana Client Application SDK

Whether your app needs to read data from the Solana network, execute
transactions, subscribe to notifications, or perform cryptography, our open-
source, Apache 2.0 licensed developer tools help you build quickly for the
web, Node, and React Native.

[Learn More](https://github.com/anza-xyz/solana-web3.js)

## 03

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UdvKfz2SokLOoyJLL83DV8nGnk.png)

### Move Language

Code on Solana with Move for enhanced security and interoperability. Moveâs
type system statically ensures safety while providing you with the flexibility
to explore diverse use cases in your preferred language.

[Learn More](https://github.com/anza-xyz/move)

## 04

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WcJxG73kKoLBx064TRC6fReSok.png)

### Solana Platform Tools & SDK

Developers can leverage the Solana Platform SDK to develop and deploy programs
on the Solana blockchain. This toolkit includes Clang and Rust compilers for
the Solana Virtual Machine, as well as C headers and Rust crates providing
access to all Solana runtime features.

[Learn More](https://github.com/anza-xyz/platform-tools)

## About Us

### Building stronger  
protocols together

Anza was founded by experienced executives and core engineers solving the
toughest problems in Web3. Crypto ecosystems rely on robust protocols, and we
believe those are best built out in the open, with multiple contributors.

[Subscribe for email updates](https://form.jotform.com/240256129208048)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6lWzWbddsdMuxfYG9QaSpOaUM.jpg)

## Let us build with you

Collaborate with Anzaâs engineers to access expert guidance building,
launching, and maintaining the leading Web3 protocols, fortifying your
products against future change and challenge.

Contact us

[Products](./#products)

[Validator](./#validator)

[About](./#about)

[Blog](./blog)

[Careers](https://apply.workable.com/anza-xyz/)

[Privacy Policy](./privacy)

[Terms of Use](./termsofuse)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/OAGsclntMVAi6UQ1gaqHXOlCWRo.svg)](https://github.com/anza-
xyz)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/x9h6JMbm1igCpRMK2Bx9FauDwxg.svg)](https://discord.com/invite/anza-
xyz)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/IlSSjk0ZO40F3A2V8aTPlOyTygk.svg)](https://twitter.com/anza_xyz)

Â© 2024 Anza Technology, Inc. All rights reserved.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/QSayUQHyUFcMHbZZbTlffBvd0Hg.svg)

