Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/markets/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/blog/category/markets/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/blog/category/markets/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/blog/category/markets/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/blog/category/markets/)

[Blog](/blog/)

#  Markets

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/bitcoin-halving-
min-800x533.jpg) Markets  What You Need to Know About the Bitcoin Halving
April 9, 2024  The Bitcoin halving is a recurring, periodic event programmed
into the Bitcoin protocol, designed to ensure its scarcity and, by…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/bitcoin-halving-2024/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/gains-by-
country-2023-min-800x506.jpg) Markets  2023 Cryptocurrency Gains by Country
March 14, 2024  2023 was a year of recovery for cryptocurrency markets, with
asset prices and market sentiment improving over the course of…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/cryptocurrency-gains-by-country-2023/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/token-health-
report-assets-green-blog-header-min-800x347.png) Markets  [REPORT PREVIEW] The
Chainalysis Token Health Report: Using On-Chain Data to Assess Crypto Assets
for Opportunity and Risk August 24, 2023  This blog is an excerpt from our
Token Health Report. Sign up here to download the whole thing! Many investors…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/token-health-report-preview/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/ripple-min-
scaled-1-800x436.jpg) Markets  How Did Crypto Markets React to Judge’s Ruling
that Ripple Exchange Sales Did Not Violate Securities Law? July 14, 2023  On
July 13, 2023, the cryptocurrency industry got good news when Judge Analisa
Torres of the U.S. District Court for…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ripple-sec-decision-market-reaction/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/2023-06-playbook-
brand-blogheader-1-800x400.png) Markets  [REPORT PREVIEW] The Chainalysis
Guide to On-Chain User Segmentation for Crypto Exchanges June 22, 2023  This
blog is a preview of our Guide to On-Chain User Segmentation for Crypto
Exchanges. Sign up here to download…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-exchanges-on-chain-user-
segmentation-guide/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/svb-min-scaled-1-800x534.jpg) Markets  Here’s What On-
Chain Data Tells Us About Crypto’s Reaction to the Demise of Silicon Valley
Bank And Its Impact on USDC March 16, 2023  This past week saw three mid-sized
banks fail, prompting fears of a bigger, panic-induced bank run. While those
fears remain,… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-market-usdc-silicon-
valley-bank/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/ordinals-min-scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Markets  Ordinals:
A New Innovation Powering Bitcoin NFTs and Maybe More March 6, 2023  Since its
introduction in Satoshi Nakamoto’s renowned 2008 white paper, Bitcoin (BTC)
has challenged traditional monetary systems, introduced trustless networks,…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ordinals-protocol-bitcoin-nfts/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/institutional-self-
custody-min-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Markets  Institutional Investment Creates
Need for Enterprise-grade Self-custody Solutions December 22, 2022  As we
discussed on Twitter a few weeks ago, the collapse of FTX and resulting market
action prompted large net… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/personal-
wallets-institutional-crypto-adoption-self-custody-defi/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/ftx-investor-
losses-min-scaled-1-800x533.jpg) Markets  FTX Investor Impact: Timeline of
Realized Cryptocurrency Gains and Losses Shows FTX Hit Investor Wallets Less
Than Previous Crises December 14, 2022  Allow us to state the obvious: There’s
been a lot of doom and gloom in conversations around cryptocurrency over the…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ftx-investor-impact-less-than-previous-
crises/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/02/bloggraphic-blockchains-01-1-800x436.png) Markets  The
Value of The Internet of Value December 2, 2022  “There is an opportunity – an
imperative – right now for the cryptocurrency industry to harness blockchains’
inherent transparency to build an economic system that holds itself to a
higher standard.” ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/the-value-of-the-
internet-of-value/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/ftx-vs-mt-gox-min2-800x533.jpg) Markets  FTX vs. Mt.
Gox: How Crypto Reacted to the Last Comparable Exchange Collapse November 28,
2022  FTX’s collapse has shaken the cryptocurrency market. But this isn’t the
first time crypto has faced significant turmoil related to…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ftx-vs-mt-gox-collapse/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/hectic-market-min-
scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Markets  The State of Crypto Markets After An Extremely
Hectic Week November 10, 2022  This week has been one of the wildest in crypto
history. The future of FTX, one of the world’s largest…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/state-of-crypto-markets-ftx-november-2022/)
[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/09/eth-merge-min-
scaled-1-800x495.jpg) Markets  How The Ethereum Merge May Impact the Crypto
Ecosystem: On-chain Indicators to Watch September 7, 2022  On or around
September 15, 2022, the Ethereum blockchain (Eth) is expected to switch its
consensus mechanism from proof-of-work (PoW)…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ethereum-merge/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/web3-metaverse-01-800x349.png) Markets  Virtual Real
Estate on the Rise in the Metaverse June 29, 2022  Recent trends point to a
metaverse built on game engines and featuring digital property. Learn how AR,
VR, and NFTs are shaping this reality.
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/virtual-real-estate-web3/) [
![decentralized autonomous organizations](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/05/web3-dao-800x349.png) Markets  Exploring DAOs:
Uncovering Web3 Ownership Realities June 27, 2022  Decentralized autonomous
organizations (DAOs) are a staple of web3. Internet-native and blockchain-
based, they're a new management structure for businesses, projects, and
communities. ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/web3-daos-2022/)

## Posts navigation

1 [2](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/markets/page/2/)
[3](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/markets/page/3/)
[4](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/markets/page/4/)
[5](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/markets/page/5/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=58fa24e7-f221-45f9-9dd0-3c3274bbeed1&sid=bd2600f01cfe11ef934e5b9cc282aeb5&vid=bd2621d01cfe11ef9ed63549c39907ec&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Markets%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fmarkets%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=507876)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=330a1751-4196-47ed-a874-035c7006490c&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=84dd51df-8b9c-4c15-a7ce-252657873c99&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fmarkets%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=330a1751-4196-47ed-a874-035c7006490c&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=84dd51df-8b9c-4c15-a7ce-252657873c99&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fmarkets%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=f6efacb354824fe3b31cc589a8723195&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fmarkets%2F&_biz_t=1716906589477&_biz_i=Markets%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=883765&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906589477)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=f6efacb354824fe3b31cc589a8723195&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fmarkets%2F&_biz_t=1716906589479&_biz_i=Markets%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=447513&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906589479)

