[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=faq&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vc3VwcG9ydC9mYXEvaW50cm9kdWN0aW9uLXRvLWJpbmFuY2Utb3B0aW9ucy0zNzQzMjFjOTMxN2M0NzM0ODAyNDMzNjUyOThiODcwNj9obD1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=faq&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vc3VwcG9ydC9mYXEvaW50cm9kdWN0aW9uLXRvLWJpbmFuY2Utb3B0aW9ucy0zNzQzMjFjOTMxN2M0NzM0ODAyNDMzNjUyOThiODcwNj9obD1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[FAQ](/pt-BR/support/faq)

Search

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/56e071f41e41e2623af29d87e8cf23c6.png)Account
Functions](/en/support/faq/c-1?navId=1)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/6a941e6acaa9aa7f99bd58463e3d5c01.png)Tutorial](/en/support/faq/c-94?navId=94)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Web3
Wallet](/en/support/faq/c-255?navId=255)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/2feaeb2c3e48b622e1987c2053ea23fa.png)Crypto
Deposit/Withdrawal](/en/support/faq/c-2?navId=2)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/157aaccfe436cf20af2d6ad45f46c75c.png)Buy
Crypto
(Fiat/P2P)](/en/support/faq/c-66?navId=66)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/5c8e186f0edf389ca49027e2069459d3.png)Spot
& Margin
Trading](/en/support/faq/c-3?navId=3)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/7ab67423e6d78b40ef9d6913fafcaead.png)Crypto
Derivatives](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4)

[Futures
Contracts](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4#18)[Options](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4#19)

[Binance Options](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4#19-43)[Binance Options
RFQ](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4#19-259)

[Leveraged Tokens](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4#54)[Futures
NEXT](/en/support/faq/c-4?navId=4#272)

[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Trading
Bots](/en/support/faq/c-216?navId=216)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202307/d0e3e1492fdee70c61a5a0ac3d384c51.png)Copy
Trading](/en/support/faq/c-238?navId=238)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/5c831f62b05087ad3c61000e47655bf8.png)Finance](/en/support/faq/c-5?navId=5)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Launchpool
&
Megadrop](/en/support/faq/c-282?navId=282)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/ac55409b74d00df82574414fb21ed249.png)Binance
Earn](/en/support/faq/c-140?navId=140)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/708672ec11854104426c45536e214dc6.png)Binance
Fan
Token](/en/support/faq/c-137?navId=137)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Convert
& Block
Trade](/en/support/faq/c-173?navId=173)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/64b5db3b6cdbd694f6aa7ff69abd1bbe.png)API](/en/support/faq/c-6?navId=6)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Binance
Link](/en/support/faq/c-169?navId=169)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Binance
Square](/en/support/faq/c-256?navId=256)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/e39609925d9b2683c89723231c2df42e.png)NFT](/en/support/faq/c-130?navId=130)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/6eb815a1c91e69d0c996b39269b14bdd.png)VIP](/en/support/faq/c-159?navId=159)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Tax](/en/support/faq/c-235?navId=235)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/1e85d14de9922358a2dc0f861b015793.png)Security](/en/support/faq/c-7?navId=7)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/49566dd140d7b954cdf4b0ac7cf1c10b.png)Other
Topics](/en/support/faq/c-8?navId=8)

[Home](/)

[Support Center](/pt-BR/support)

[FAQ](/pt-BR/support/faq)

[Crypto Derivatives](/pt-BR/support/faq/crypto-derivatives?c=4&navId=4)

[Options](/pt-BR/support/faq/options?c=4&navId=4#19)

[Binance Options](/pt-BR/support/faq/binance-options?c=4&navId=4#19-43)

Introduction to Binance Options

# Introduction to Binance Options

2020-12-23 16:20

Tutorial Video

## An Overview of Binance Options

Binance Options provide individual and professional investors unparalleled
access to crypto options trading with the following edges:

### Stablecoin Options

Binance Options are priced and settled in stablecoin, which makes cost and
profit calculations straightforward for investors. Unlike Coin-Margined
Options, in periods of high volatility, Stablecoin Options allow investors to
enter and exit positions stably and securely without having to worry about the
nominal value of the underlying collateral drastically devaluing.

### Competitive Fees

Binance is the largest crypto exchange in the world, working closely with
sophisticated market makers to provide Options traders with one of the lowest
fees in the market. For more details on fees, please refer to [Binance Options
Trading Fees](/en/support/faq/5326e5de61c34fed98abe28d2f175a23).

### Low Capital Requirement

With Binance Options, traders only have to pay the required Options Premium to
get the same exposure as holding an equivalent Futures or Spot position. As
such, Options are a great way to make leverage trades due to the lower capital
requirements.

## What is the difference between Binance Futures and Binance Options?

Options are standardized contracts that allow investors to trade an underlying
asset at a predetermined price before a specific date (the expiration date)
without the obligation to do so. In comparison, Futures contracts obligate the
contract holder and issuer to buy or sell the underlying asset on a specified
future date.

You can refer to the table below to learn more about the difference between
trading Options and Futures on Binance.

## Binance Futures vs Binance Options

| **Binance Futures**| **Binance Options**  
---|---|---  
**Contract Modality**|

  * Traders are obligated to buy or sell the underlying asset on a future date
  * No expiry for Perpetual contracts
  * Expiry for Delivery

|

  * Options contracts only give traders the right but not the obligation to buy or sell the underlying asset
  * Have expiration dates

  
**Settlement Asset**|

  * Stablecoin (USDTⓈ-M contracts)
  * Coin (Coin-M)

|

  * Stablecoin (USDT)

  
**Margin Requirement**|

  * Requires initial margin to open a position

|

  * No margin requirement for Options buyers
  * Options buyers only need to put up the required Options premium

  
**Leverage and Liquidation Risk**|

  * Insufficient margin can lead to [liquidation](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7ba80e1b406f40a0a140a84b3a10c387) for leverage trades

|

  * No liquidation for Options Buyers
  * Downside risk is limited to the Options Premium only

  
**Upside / Downside Limits**|

  * Unlimited Upside
  * Downside capped at Margin Balance

|

  * Downside is capped at the Option Premium
  * Upside for Call Options is unlimited; Upside for Put Options is capped at Options Strike (underlying goes to 0)

  
  
_*Listing cycle and expiry availability are subject to change based on market
demand. Please refer to the Binance Options trading page for the latest
availability of option expiries._

For more information about Binance Options, please refer to:

  * [What Is Options Trading](/en/support/faq/acc50814eb0f4beba3799643d8b7a0d4)
  * [How to Trade Binance Options](/en/support/faq/6b0dc23370ee4153a6581355e92555c1)
  * [Binance Options Contract Specifications](/en/support/faq/cdee5d43b70d4d2386980d41786a8533)
  * [Binance Options Mark Prices and Position Limits](/en/support/faq/dd7483da3da04f2da09256adf0fe2c10)
  * [Binance Options Listing Rules](/en/support/faq/28b922eef0ce41189583dc184cdbd48f)
  * [Binance Options Trading Fees](/en/support/faq/5326e5de61c34fed98abe28d2f175a23)
  * [Binance Options API interface ](/en/support/faq/fe0be251ac014a8082e702f83d089e54)
  * [Binance Options Market Maker Protection (MMP)](/en/support/faq/0b81ad7d8ae54d3f8d29a1ce66764fa1)
  * [Binance Options Frequently Asked Questions ](/en/support/faq/456326b5f4cd45a296ae6e3acf262de7)
  * [Binance Options Service Agreement](/en/support/faq/d2c1c4dbc7dd4aceafebb98ce956a180)

194,968,537 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

194,968,537 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

###### Share Post

Related Articles

  * [Introduction to Binance Options](/pt-BR/support/announcement/introduction-to-binance-options-374321c9317c473480243365298b8706)
  * [What Is Options Trading](/pt-BR/support/announcement/what-is-options-trading-acc50814eb0f4beba3799643d8b7a0d4)
  * [How to Trade Binance Options](/pt-BR/support/announcement/how-to-trade-binance-options-6b0dc23370ee4153a6581355e92555c1)
  * [Binance Options Contract Specifications](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-contract-specifications-cdee5d43b70d4d2386980d41786a8533)
  * [Binance Options Mark Price and Position Limits](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-mark-price-and-position-limits-dd7483da3da04f2da09256adf0fe2c10)
  * [Binance Options Listing Rules](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-listing-rules-28b922eef0ce41189583dc184cdbd48f)
  * [Binance Options Trading Fees](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-trading-fees-5326e5de61c34fed98abe28d2f175a23)
  * [Binance Options API Interface and WebSocket](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-api-interface-and-websocket-fe0be251ac014a8082e702f83d089e54)
  * [Binance Options Market Maker Protection (MMP)](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-market-maker-protection-mmp-0b81ad7d8ae54d3f8d29a1ce66764fa1)
  * [Binance Options Auto-Cancel All Open Orders (Kill-Switch)](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-auto-cancel-all-open-orders-kill-switch-17f031ed1a5642ab9c74a7b64b6864d2)
  * [Frequently Asked Questions on Binance Options PnL Calculator](/pt-BR/support/announcement/frequently-asked-questions-on-binance-options-pnl-calculator-20fd69a9873a47f3bc86caee702f1dd1)
  * [Binance Options Frequently Asked Questions](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-frequently-asked-questions-456326b5f4cd45a296ae6e3acf262de7)
  * [Binance Options Service Agreement](/pt-BR/support/announcement/binance-options-service-agreement-d2c1c4dbc7dd4aceafebb98ce956a180)
  * [How to Use the Easy Mode to Place Orders on Binance Options](/pt-BR/support/announcement/how-to-use-the-easy-mode-to-place-orders-on-binance-options-d50e5eebee9240ae9156944630d28b39)
  * [What Is the Binance Volatility Index?](/pt-BR/support/announcement/what-is-the-binance-volatility-index-f57e2594db3245d59cb538effe432d0d)
  * [How to Visualize the Max Pain Price on Binance Options](/pt-BR/support/announcement/how-to-visualize-the-max-pain-price-on-binance-options-b42abc134f9c4b2d9b5eda31cb7c8727)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![](https://fast.wistia.net/embed/medias/gfudpeq251/swatch)

![Video Thumbnail](https://fast.wistia.net/embed/medias/gfudpeq251/swatch)

![Video Thumbnail](https://embed-
ssl.wistia.com/deliveries/9333df6bc5a601da36e226168a34a4e9.webp?image_crop_resized=1920x1080)

Click for sound

2:42

