Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# ERC-4626 Tokenized Vault Standard

r

Last edit: [@raxhvl(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/raxhvl), May 8,
2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Introduction
  * Prerequisites
  * ERC-4626 Functions and Features:
    * Methods
    * Map of the interface
    * Events
  * Further reading

## Introduction

ERC-4626 is a standard to optimize and unify the technical parameters of
yield-bearing vaults. It provides a standard API for tokenized yield-bearing
vaults that represent shares of a single underlying ERC-20 token. ERC-4626
also outlines an optional extension for tokenized vaults utilizing ERC-20,
offering basic functionality for depositing, withdrawing tokens and reading
balances.

**The role of ERC-4626 in yield-bearing vaults**

Lending markets, aggregators, and intrinsically interest-bearing tokens help
users find the best yield on their crypto tokens by executing different
strategies. These strategies are done with slight variation, which might be
error-prone or waste development resources.

ERC-4626 in yield-bearing vaults will lower the integration effort and unlock
access to yield in various applications with little specialized effort from
developers by creating more consistent and robust implementation patterns.

The ERC-4626 token is described fully in [EIP-4626(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626).

## Prerequisites

To better understand this page, we recommend you first read about [token
standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/) and
[ERC-20](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/).

## ERC-4626 Functions and Features:

### Methods

#### asset

    
    
    1function asset() public view returns (address assetTokenAddress)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the address of the underlying token used for the vault
for accounting, depositing, withdrawing.

#### totalAssets

    
    
    1function totalAssets() public view returns (uint256)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the total amount of underlying assets held by the vault.

#### convertToShares

    
    
    1function convertToShares(uint256 assets) public view returns (uint256 shares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the amount of `shares` that would be exchanged by the
vault for the amount of `assets` provided.

#### convertToAssets

    
    
    1function convertToAssets(uint256 shares) public view returns (uint256 assets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the amount of `assets` that would be exchanged by the
vault for the amount of `shares` provided.

#### maxDeposit

    
    
    1function maxDeposit(address receiver) public view returns (uint256 maxAssets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the maximum amount of underlying assets that can be
deposited in a single `deposit` call by the `receiver`.

#### previewDeposit

    
    
    1function previewDeposit(uint256 assets) public view returns (uint256 shares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function allows users to simulate the effects of their deposit at the
current block.

#### deposit

    
    
    1function deposit(uint256 assets, address receiver) public returns (uint256 shares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function deposits `assets` of underlying tokens into the vault and grants
ownership of `shares` to `receiver`.

#### maxMint

    
    
    1function maxMint(address receiver) public view returns (uint256 maxShares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the maximum amount of shares that can be minted in a
single `mint` call by the `receiver`.

#### previewMint

    
    
    1function previewMint(uint256 shares) public view returns (uint256 assets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function allows users to simulate the effects of their mint at the
current block.

#### mint

    
    
    1function mint(uint256 shares, address receiver) public returns (uint256 assets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function mints exactly `shares` vault shares to `receiver` by depositing
`assets` of underlying tokens.

#### maxWithdraw

    
    
    1function maxWithdraw(address owner) public view returns (uint256 maxAssets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the maximum amount of underlying assets that can be
withdrawn from the `owner` balance with a single `withdraw` call.

#### previewWithdraw

    
    
    1function previewWithdraw(uint256 assets) public view returns (uint256 shares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function allows users to simulate the effects of their withdrawal at the
current block.

#### withdraw

    
    
    1function withdraw(uint256 assets, address receiver, address owner) public returns (uint256 shares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function burns `shares` from `owner` and send exactly `assets` token from
the vault to `receiver`.

#### maxRedeem

    
    
    1function maxRedeem(address owner) public view returns (uint256 maxShares)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function returns the maximum amount of shares that can be redeemed from
the `owner` balance through a `redeem` call.

#### previewRedeem

    
    
    1function previewRedeem(uint256 shares) public view returns (uint256 assets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function allows users to simulate the effects of their redemption at the
current block.

#### redeem

    
    
    1function redeem(uint256 shares, address receiver, address owner) public returns (uint256 assets)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This function redeems a specific number of `shares` from `owner` and sends
`assets` of underlying token from the vault to `receiver`.

#### totalSupply

    
    
    1function totalSupply() public view returns (uint256)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Returns the total number of unredeemed vault shares in circulation.

#### balanceOf

    
    
    1function balanceOf(address owner) public view returns (uint256)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Returns the total amount of vault shares the `owner` currently has.

### Map of the interface

[![Map of the ERC-4626
interface](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fstandards%2Ftokens%2Ferc-4626%2Fmap-
of-
erc-4626.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/map-
of-erc-4626.png)

### Events

#### Deposit Event

**MUST** be emitted when tokens are deposited into the vault via the `mint`
and `deposit` methods

    
    
    1event Deposit(
    
    2    address indexed sender,
    
    3    address indexed owner,
    
    4    uint256 assets,
    
    5    uint256 shares
    
    6)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Where `sender` is the user who exchanged `assets` for `shares`, and
transferred those `shares` to `owner`.

#### Withdraw Event

**MUST** be emitted when shares are withdrawn from the vault by a depositor in
the `redeem` or `withdraw` methods.

    
    
    1event Withdraw(
    
    2    address indexed sender,
    
    3    address indexed receiver,
    
    4    address indexed owner,
    
    5    uint256 assets,
    
    6    uint256 shares
    
    7)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Where `sender` is the user who triggered the withdrawal and exchanged
`shares`, owned by `owner`, for `assets`. `receiver` is the user who received
the withdrawn `assets`.

## Further reading

  * [EIP-4626: Tokenized vault Standard(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4626)
  * [ERC-4626: GitHub Repo(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/transmissions11/solmate/blob/main/src/tokens/ERC4626.sol)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Introduction
    * Prerequisites
    * ERC-4626 Functions and Features:
      * Methods
      * Map of the interface
      * Events
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

