[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=pay_header_gift_card&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vZ2lmdC1jYXJk)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=pay_header_gift_card&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vZ2lmdC1jYXJk)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/gift-card-web/nav-logo.svg)](/gift-card)

[Send Gift](/gift-card/create-card)

Create Now

[![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/navbar/api-bulk-
create.svg)Bulk Create](/gift-card/create-card-
bulk)[![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/navbar/task-
center-f.svg)Bulk Create Management](/gift-
card/mycards?view=bulk)[![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-
web/navbar/tutorial-f.svg)API
Integration](/support/faq/af014f44f45845debf79b4cf81333a25)[![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-
card-web/navbar/average-sum-f.svg)Print Gift Card](/support/faq/how-to-print-
physical-binance-gift-cards-b852de0b5a2448b6b76245930ef84eeb)

[For Business](/gift-card/business)[Merchants](/gift-
card/merchant)[FAQ](/support/faq/c-5?navId=5#131)[History](/gift-
card/mycards?view=grid)

Announcement: Effective from 20 July 2023, creating gift cards is limited only
to entity accounts which have passed KYB verification.

[Learn More >](/support/announcement/16b0d3ad544b464889d37d2cfdc2a692)

Send Crypto with Binance Gift Card

Gift crypto with your referral code and choose from 30+ thematic templates

Send a Crypto Gift Card

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/gift-card-
web/hero_illustration_grey_bg.svg)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/gift-card-
web/hero_illustration_grey_giftcard.svg)

Redeem to Crypto

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/create-
left.svg)![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/create-
right.svg)

Add Card

Check Card

Redemption Code

Redeem

The redemption code is a 16-character sequence combining digits and letters.
Example: A1BC23D4EFG78H56

Redemption Code

The redemption code is a 16-character sequence combining digits and letters.
Example: A1BC23D4EFG78H56

Redeem Crypto

Binance is not responsible for, and assumes no liability to you for, any
unlawful conduct or fraud by any third party associated with any Gift
Card.View more

Themed Gift Cards

View all cards

Send a crypto gift card for any occasion

Token Gift Cards

View all cards

Send your favourite token(s) to anyone

Grow your business with versatile crypto solutions

Binance Code is a prepaid crypto voucher that enables your business to
transfer and exchange crypto outside of Binance, supported by API. Use cases
include: Gift Card reselling, loyalty and game rewards, e-commerce purchases
and more.

Learn more

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/home/entry-business-
right.png)

FAQ

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

What is Binance Gift Card?

Binance Gift Card allows you to send and receive cryptocurrency in a fast,
simple and customizable way to both Binance and non-Binance users. Once the
recipient redeems the gift card code, the crypto will be fully credited to the
recipient's Binance funding wallet.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

Can I create a gift card?

Creating gift cards are limited only to entity accounts which have passed KYB
verification. Individual accounts can continue to benefit from the Sending and
Redemption of gift cards. If you would like to create gift cards, follow these
steps to register for an entity account [here](/support/faq/how-to-register-
on-binance-app-360042718372).

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

How do I redeem a gift card?

Upon receiving your gift card, [follow these simple steps to redeem your gift
card.](/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c) Once you have redeemed
the gift card code, the crypto will be fully credited to your Binance funding
wallet.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

What is the difference between add a card and redeem a card?

The recipient can either redeem the gift card which credits the crypto to
his/her funding wallet or add the gift card to bind it to his/her account. We
suggest the recipient redeem the crypto as soon as he/she receives the gift
card.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

Is there a Bitcoin gift card?

Yes, you may choose to send Bitcoin via Binance Gift Card.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

How do I send Bitcoin and other crypto via Binance Gift Card?

Please refer to the [step-by-step tutorial](/support/faq/how-to-buy-and-send-
binance-gift-cards-d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30) on sending Bitcoin and
other crypto via Binance Gift Card. Do note that while all accounts can send,
creating gift cards are limited to entity accounts which have passed KYB
verification.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

How to buy Binance Gift Card with Fiat?

Buy or sell Binance Gift Cards with cash and various payment methods through
our verified partners. Find a distributor or merchant from [our partner
list](/gift-card/merchant).

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/faq-add.svg)

Does Binance gift card support all coins?

Binance gift card supports almost every cryptocurrency that is listed on
Binance. You can find the supported tokens when [selecting currency](/gift-
card/create-card).

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/gift-card-web/window-main-f.svg)

Open in Binance App

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

