Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Smart contract languages

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
January 9, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * Solidity
    * Important links
    * Example contract
  * Vyper
    * Important links
    * Example
  * Yul and Yul+
    * Important links
    * Example contract
  * Fe
    * Important links
    * Example contract
  * How to choose
    * What is great about Solidity?
    * What is great about Vyper?
    * What is great about Yul and Yul+?
  * Language comparisons
  * Further reading

A great aspect about Ethereum is that smart contracts can be programmed using
relatively developer-friendly languages. If you're experienced with Python or
any [curly-bracket language(opens in a new
tab)](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_programming_languages_by_type#Curly-
bracket_languages), you can find a language with familiar syntax.

The two most active and maintained languages are:

  * Solidity
  * Vyper

More experienced developers also might want to use Yul, an intermediate
language for the [Ethereum Virtual Machine](/en/developers/docs/evm/), or
Yul+, an extension to Yul.

If you're curious and like to help test new languages that are still under
heavy development you can experiment with Fe, an emerging smart contract
language which is currently still in its infancy.

## Prerequisites

Previous knowledge of programming languages, especially of JavaScript or
Python, can help you make sense of differences in smart contract languages. We
also recommend you understand smart contracts as a concept before digging too
deep into the language comparisons. [Intro to smart
contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/).

## Solidity

  * Object-oriented, high-level language for implementing smart contracts.
  * Curly-bracket language that has been most profoundly influenced by C++.
  * Statically typed (the type of a variable is known at compile time).
  * Supports:
    * Inheritance (you can extend other contracts).
    * Libraries (you can create reusable code that you can call from different contracts â€“ like static functions in a static class in other object oriented programming languages).
    * Complex user-defined types.

### Important links

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/)
  * [Solidity Language Portal(opens in a new tab)](https://soliditylang.org/)
  * [Solidity by Example(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/solidity-by-example.html)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/solidity/)
  * [Solidity Gitter Chatroom(opens in a new tab)](https://gitter.im/ethereum/solidity) bridged to [Solidity Matrix Chatroom(opens in a new tab)](https://matrix.to/#/#ethereum_solidity:gitter.im)
  * [Cheat Sheet(opens in a new tab)](https://reference.auditless.com/cheatsheet)
  * [Solidity Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.soliditylang.org/)
  * [Solidity Twitter(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/solidity_lang)

### Example contract

    
    
    1// SPDX-License-Identifier: GPL-3.0
    
    2pragma solidity >= 0.7.0;
    
    3
    
    4contract Coin {
    
    5    // The keyword "public" makes variables
    
    6    // accessible from other contracts
    
    7    address public minter;
    
    8    mapping (address => uint) public balances;
    
    9
    
    10    // Events allow clients to react to specific
    
    11    // contract changes you declare
    
    12    event Sent(address from, address to, uint amount);
    
    13
    
    14    // Constructor code is only run when the contract
    
    15    // is created
    
    16    constructor() {
    
    17        minter = msg.sender;
    
    18    }
    
    19
    
    20    // Sends an amount of newly created coins to an address
    
    21    // Can only be called by the contract creator
    
    22    function mint(address receiver, uint amount) public {
    
    23        require(msg.sender == minter);
    
    24        require(amount < 1e60);
    
    25        balances[receiver] += amount;
    
    26    }
    
    27
    
    28    // Sends an amount of existing coins
    
    29    // from any caller to an address
    
    30    function send(address receiver, uint amount) public {
    
    31        require(amount <= balances[msg.sender], "Insufficient balance.");
    
    32        balances[msg.sender] -= amount;
    
    33        balances[receiver] += amount;
    
    34        emit Sent(msg.sender, receiver, amount);
    
    35    }
    
    36}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This example should give you a sense of what Solidity contract syntax is like.
For a more detailed description of the functions and variables, [see the
docs(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/contracts.html).

## Vyper

  * Pythonic programming language
  * Strong typing
  * Small and understandable compiler code
  * Efficient bytecode generation
  * Deliberately has less features than Solidity with the aim of making contracts more secure and easier to audit. Vyper does not support:
    * Modifiers
    * Inheritance
    * Inline assembly
    * Function overloading
    * Operator overloading
    * Recursive calling
    * Infinite-length loops
    * Binary fixed points

For more information, [read the Vyper rationale(opens in a new
tab)](https://vyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html).

### Important links

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://vyper.readthedocs.io)
  * [Vyper by Example(opens in a new tab)](https://vyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/vyper-by-example.html)
  * [More Vyper by Example(opens in a new tab)](https://vyper-by-example.org/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper)
  * [Vyper community Discord chat(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/SdvKC79cJk)
  * [Cheat Sheet(opens in a new tab)](https://reference.auditless.com/cheatsheet)
  * [Smart contract development frameworks and tools for Vyper](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)
  * [VyperPunk - learn to secure and hack Vyper smart contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/SupremacyTeam/VyperPunk)
  * [VyperExamples - Vyper vulnerability examples(opens in a new tab)](https://www.vyperexamples.com/reentrancy)
  * [Vyper Hub for development(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/zcor/vyper-dev)
  * [Vyper greatest hits smart contract examples(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/pynchmeister/vyper-greatest-hits/tree/main/contracts)
  * [Awesome Vyper curated resources(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/spadebuilders/awesome-vyper)

### Example

    
    
    1# Open Auction
    
    2
    
    3# Auction params
    
    4# Beneficiary receives money from the highest bidder
    
    5beneficiary: public(address)
    
    6auctionStart: public(uint256)
    
    7auctionEnd: public(uint256)
    
    8
    
    9# Current state of auction
    
    10highestBidder: public(address)
    
    11highestBid: public(uint256)
    
    12
    
    13# Set to true at the end, disallows any change
    
    14ended: public(bool)
    
    15
    
    16# Keep track of refunded bids so we can follow the withdraw pattern
    
    17pendingReturns: public(HashMap[address, uint256])
    
    18
    
    19# Create a simple auction with `_bidding_time`
    
    20# seconds bidding time on behalf of the
    
    21# beneficiary address `_beneficiary`.
    
    22@external
    
    23def __init__(_beneficiary: address, _bidding_time: uint256):
    
    24    self.beneficiary = _beneficiary
    
    25    self.auctionStart = block.timestamp
    
    26    self.auctionEnd = self.auctionStart + _bidding_time
    
    27
    
    28# Bid on the auction with the value sent
    
    29# together with this transaction.
    
    30# The value will only be refunded if the
    
    31# auction is not won.
    
    32@external
    
    33@payable
    
    34def bid():
    
    35    # Check if bidding period is over.
    
    36    assert block.timestamp < self.auctionEnd
    
    37    # Check if bid is high enough
    
    38    assert msg.value > self.highestBid
    
    39    # Track the refund for the previous high bidder
    
    40    self.pendingReturns[self.highestBidder] += self.highestBid
    
    41    # Track new high bid
    
    42    self.highestBidder = msg.sender
    
    43    self.highestBid = msg.value
    
    44
    
    45# Withdraw a previously refunded bid. The withdraw pattern is
    
    46# used here to avoid a security issue. If refunds were directly
    
    47# sent as part of bid(), a malicious bidding contract could block
    
    48# those refunds and thus block new higher bids from coming in.
    
    49@external
    
    50def withdraw():
    
    51    pending_amount: uint256 = self.pendingReturns[msg.sender]
    
    52    self.pendingReturns[msg.sender] = 0
    
    53    send(msg.sender, pending_amount)
    
    54
    
    55# End the auction and send the highest bid
    
    56# to the beneficiary.
    
    57@external
    
    58def endAuction():
    
    59    # It is a good guideline to structure functions that interact
    
    60    # with other contracts (i.e. they call functions or send ether)
    
    61    # into three phases:
    
    62    # 1. checking conditions
    
    63    # 2. performing actions (potentially changing conditions)
    
    64    # 3. interacting with other contracts
    
    65    # If these phases are mixed up, the other contract could call
    
    66    # back into the current contract and modify the state or cause
    
    67    # effects (ether payout) to be performed multiple times.
    
    68    # If functions called internally include interaction with external
    
    69    # contracts, they also have to be considered interaction with
    
    70    # external contracts.
    
    71
    
    72    # 1. Conditions
    
    73    # Check if auction endtime has been reached
    
    74    assert block.timestamp >= self.auctionEnd
    
    75    # Check if this function has already been called
    
    76    assert not self.ended
    
    77
    
    78    # 2. Effects
    
    79    self.ended = True
    
    80
    
    81    # 3. Interaction
    
    82    send(self.beneficiary, self.highestBid)
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This example should give you a sense of what Vyper contract syntax is like.
For a more detailed description of the functions and variables, [see the
docs(opens in a new tab)](https://vyper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/vyper-by-
example.html#simple-open-auction).

## Yul and Yul+

If you're new to Ethereum and haven't done any coding with smart contract
languages yet, we recommend getting started with Solidity or Vyper. Only look
into Yul or Yul+ once you're familiar with smart contract security best
practices and the specifics of working with the EVM.

**Yul**

  * Intermediate language for Ethereum.
  * Supports the [EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/) and [Ewasm(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ewasm), an Ethereum flavored WebAssembly, and is designed to be a usable common denominator of both platforms.
  * Good target for high-level optimisation stages that can benefit both EVM and Ewasm platforms equally.

**Yul+**

  * A low-level, highly efficient extension to Yul.
  * Initially designed for an [optimistic rollup](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/) contract.
  * Yul+ can be looked at as an experimental upgrade proposal to Yul, adding new features to it.

### Important links

  * [Yul Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/yul.html)
  * [Yul+ Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/fuellabs/yulp)
  * [Yul+ Playground(opens in a new tab)](https://yulp.fuel.sh/)
  * [Yul+ Introduction Post(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/@fuellabs/introducing-yul-a-new-low-level-language-for-ethereum-aa64ce89512f)

### Example contract

The following simple example implements a power function. It can be compiled
using `solc --strict-assembly --bin input.yul`. The example should be stored
in the input.yul file.

    
    
    1{
    
    2    function power(base, exponent) -> result
    
    3    {
    
    4        switch exponent
    
    5        case 0 { result := 1 }
    
    6        case 1 { result := base }
    
    7        default
    
    8        {
    
    9            result := power(mul(base, base), div(exponent, 2))
    
    10            if mod(exponent, 2) { result := mul(base, result) }
    
    11        }
    
    12    }
    
    13    let res := power(calldataload(0), calldataload(32))
    
    14    mstore(0, res)
    
    15    return(0, 32)
    
    16}
    
    Show all

If you are already well experienced with smart contracts, a full ERC20
implementation in Yul can be found [here(opens in a new
tab)](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/latest/yul.html#complete-
erc20-example).

## Fe

  * Statically typed language for the Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM).
  * Inspired by Python and Rust.
  * Aims to be easy to learn -- even for developers who are new to the Ethereum ecosystem.
  * Fe development is still in its early stages, the language had its alpha release in January 2021.

### Important links

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/fe)
  * [Fe Announcement(opens in a new tab)](https://snakecharmers.ethereum.org/fe-a-new-language-for-the-ethereum-ecosystem/)
  * [Fe 2021 Roadmap(opens in a new tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/LVhaTF30SJOpkbG1iVw1jg)
  * [Fe Discord Chat(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.com/invite/ywpkAXFjZH)
  * [Fe Twitter(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/official_fe)

### Example contract

The following is a simple contract implemented in Fe.

    
    
    1type BookMsg = bytes[100]
    
    2
    
    3contract GuestBook:
    
    4    pub guest_book: map<address, BookMsg>
    
    5
    
    6    event Signed:
    
    7        book_msg: BookMsg
    
    8
    
    9    pub def sign(book_msg: BookMsg):
    
    10        self.guest_book[msg.sender] = book_msg
    
    11
    
    12        emit Signed(book_msg=book_msg)
    
    13
    
    14    pub def get_msg(addr: address) -> BookMsg:
    
    15        return self.guest_book[addr].to_mem()
    
    16
    
    Show all

## How to choose

As with any other programming language, it's mostly about choosing the right
tool for the right job as well as personal preferences.

Here are a few things to consider if you haven't tried any of the languages
yet:

### What is great about Solidity?

  * If you are a beginner, there are many tutorials and learning tools out there. See more about that in the [Learn by Coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/) section.
  * Good developer tooling available.
  * Solidity has a big developer community, which means you'll most likely find answers to your questions quite quickly.

### What is great about Vyper?

  * Great way to get started for Python devs that want to write smart contracts.
  * Vyper has a smaller number of features which makes it great for quick prototyping of ideas.
  * Vyper aims to be easy to audit and maximally human-readable.

### What is great about Yul and Yul+?

  * Simplistic and functional low-level language.
  * Allows to get much closer to raw EVM, which can help to optimize the gas usage of your contracts.

## Language comparisons

For comparisons of basic syntax, the contract lifecycle, interfaces,
operators, data structures, functions, control flow, and more check out this
[cheatsheet by Auditless(opens in a new
tab)](https://reference.auditless.com/cheatsheet/)

## Further reading

  * [Solidity Contracts Library by OpenZeppelin(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts)
  * [Solidity by Example(opens in a new tab)](https://solidity-by-example.org)

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * Solidity
      * Important links
      * Example contract
    * Vyper
      * Important links
      * Example
    * Yul and Yul+
      * Important links
      * Example contract
    * Fe
      * Important links
      * Example contract
    * How to choose
      * What is great about Solidity?
      * What is great about Vyper?
      * What is great about Yul and Yul+?
    * Language comparisons
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

