[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ how to stake... ](/blog/how-to-stake-atom-with-mintscan-a-stepbystep-guide)

#  How to Stake ATOM with Mintscan? A Step-by-step Guide

20 May 2024

11 min read

Cosmos

ATOM

Mintscan

Staking Guide

11 min read

Article content

What Is Mintscan?

Why Stake ATOM?

How to Stake ATOM via Mintscan?

How to Track Your Stake and Claim Rewards

How to Unstake ATOM

How to Send ATOM from Mintscan

How to Participate in Governance

Why Stake with Everstake

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Cosmos is a vast crypto ecosystem with high scalability and diversity that
seemingly effortlessly bridges apps and services across many blockchains that
use it as their foundation. Cosmos Hub is at the heart of the ecosystem, and
so is its native token, ATOM, which can be used to stake and generate passive
income.

There are numerous options and opportunities to stake ATOM, but this guide
will focus on Mintscan, a blockchain explorer that also enables asset
delegation for staking.

Note that this guide can be applied to any Cosmos token listed on Mintscan.
All you need to do is replace Cosmos Hub and ATOM with the respective Cosmos
blockchain and token.

## What Is Mintscan?

[Mintscan](https://www.mintscan.io/) is a popular blockchain explorer for
Cosmos. It allows one to learn the principal metrics like APR, block height,
block time, token supply, etc., as well as track transactions, governance, IBC
accounts, and more. It is one of the most useful tools in the arsenal of any
pro-cosmonaut.

Unlike other blockchain explorers, Mintscan also enables one to stake their
ATOM through one of the two wallets: [Cosmostation](https://cosmostation.io/)
or [Keplr](https://www.keplr.app/).

## Why Stake ATOM?

There are three main reasons to stake ATOM:

  1. You help the network work properly and support all applications that use it
  2. You get up to 14,5% of annual rewards for staking
  3. Having your ATOM staked makes you eligible for countless airdrops, where you get new tokens for free

## How to Stake ATOM via Mintscan?

Staking ATOM via Mintscan is a straightforward process that requires just
three simple steps. It's designed to be user-friendly and will take you only a
few minutes to complete, especially if you have prepared your wallet in
advance.

  * Go to the [Cosmos dashboard](https://www.mintscan.io/cosmos) on Mintscan and check whether the APR and other characteristics presented there are satisfactory for you when delegating your tokens.

![image9](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/1708dd9d-9415-42f3-aa6b-2a4252ed2ab5.webp)

Before proceeding, be sure to have ATOM tokens in your preferred wallet. If
you don’t, you can buy them from any exchange listing ATOM, which can be found
on [CoinGecko](https://www.coingecko.com/en/coins/cosmos-hub) in the Markets
tab.

  * Click the**Connect Wallet** button in the upper right corner of the menu to link your wallet. 

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/5c9f3418-66ea-4966-8d8e-29322598bb29.webp)

This will open a pop-up window where you can select your preferred wallet
providers, such as Cosmostation or Keplr.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/a52567d2-fcc7-4101-9d5e-cc067c2a113d.webp)

Approve access in your wallet, as shown in the picture below.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/8302d444-f67f-457e-b91f-404a62102f54.webp)

  * To start staking, click **Stake** in the left-hand side menu, and then select your validator (such as Everstake) from the drop-down list in the **Select Validator** section.

Note that you may redelegate your ATOM from one validator to another if you
have already staked it. In that case, hit **Switch Validator** , choose the
origin and destination validators, and specify the amount to move your ATOM to
a different validator.

![undefined](https://blog-api.everstake.one/assets/d5f083aa-
db0d-4812-982d-ef3f93fd84ff.webp)

Specify the amount you want to stake and hit **Stake**.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/0700e0d3-413a-450a-9545-667102e27efc.webp)

If everything is fine, you’ll get a pop-up notification of the successful
transaction, as shown in the picture below.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/73f6cffe-e024-4d4c-97a5-c1b0885471af.webp)

That’s it! Staking via Mintscan is as simple as that!

## How to Track Your Stake and Claim Rewards

Once you stake, your delegation will display on the righthand of the screen in
the **Stake** Tab. If you want to claim the rewards, just hit **Claim
Cosmos**.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/b2669213-9c45-452d-8938-ecfea065ee6d.webp)

You will have a choice of simply claiming the rewards or compounding them.
Compounding means that your rewards are instantly added to your original
stake, and your new rewards will be calculated based on a greater stake amount
thereafter.

Note that if you just claim your rewards, your ATOM balance will increase, and
you will be able to use the tokens at your own discretion. Compounding them
will lock them up until you unstake your ATOM.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/4eb99113-df75-4bb3-b4df-44704d81eae8.webp)

In addition to the **Stake** tab, you can track your total ATOM balance by
navigating to the **Portfolio** tab.

This tab provides detailed information about all the assets in your connected
wallet, including ATOM. Your ATOM stake is shown in the **Staked** column,
with rewards displayed immediately to the right.

You’ll also see the current rate, available amount, and total balance. The
data here is updated in real time.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/76e6ea1e-82c7-4b79-ab71-331a56ab7459.png)

## How to Unstake ATOM

To withdraw your staked funds (as opposed to rewards only), hit **Unstake**
within the **Stake tab** and specify the amount you wish to withdraw. Click
the **Unstake** button to initiate the process.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/b70d7e1f-f99c-48d6-868f-5ec4287bbcad.png)

Note that your funds won’t become available immediately since there is an
unbonding period in Cosmos. On average, it will take 21 days.

## How to Send ATOM from Mintscan

To send your ATOM to another wallet or an exchange, go to the **Send** tab in
the left-hand menu.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/9e5aee2a-1aaa-4de0-bf56-1d6aefca8e88.webp)

You will have three options for sending your tokens:

  * **Send:** simply move the tokens to a different ATOM address
  * **IBC Send:** move your ATOM to a Cosmos address, not necessarily in the Cosmos Hub (this is useful if e.g. you want to use DEX Osmosis DEX for further trading or get into a liquidity pool)
  * **Multi Send:** move your tokens to several different addresses

## How to Participate in Governance

By staking ATOM, you become a security provider for Cosmos Hub and, as such,
are entitled to votes in the governance process. Your voting power is
proportional to your stake.

  * You can track live proposals in the **Vote** tab on the left-hand side of the screen. You can vote _Yes_ , _No_ , or _Abstain_ depending on your personal view for any of the active proposals.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/19250af3-2acd-415e-a193-f508f8f55b9f.webp)

To do that, flag the proposal you want to vote for and click **Vote** on the
upper-right side of the menu. You will be presented with your choices, so use
your power wisely, as your vote may become decisive for the future development
of Cosmos Hub.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/6abaf329-0544-43d1-84b9-167a1a69d2d7.webp)

## Why Stake with Everstake

Everstake is one of the most prolific crypto-staking providers today, trusted
by over 735,000 users across 77+ blockchains. With a long track record of
nearly perfect uptime and high proficiency, Everstake is one of the market's
most reliable and responsible validators.

By staking with Everstake, you can benefit from our expertise and ensure your
ATOM is safe. Moreover, Everstake offers competitive commission rates and a
user-friendly interface, making it ideal for both beginners and experienced
stakers.

Feel free to contact our Cosmos Blockchain Manager on
[X](https://x.com/EverstakeCosmos) with any questions you may have or learn
more about [ATOM staking](https://everstake.one/blog/tagged/cosmos) via our
blog.

We're here to help you make the most of your crypto investments.

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

