[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvY2VsZWJyYXRlLW9jdG9iZXItd2l0aC10aGUtZ2lmdC1vZi1jcnlwdG8tNDEwODMxNDIzODkxNzgwMTA5Mj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvY2VsZWJyYXRlLW9jdG9iZXItd2l0aC10aGUtZ2lmdC1vZi1jcnlwdG8tNDEwODMxNDIzODkxNzgwMTA5Mj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Celebrate October With the Gift of Crypto!

2022-10-18

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Gift Cards are a fun way to send seasonal greetings in style.

  * This month, don’t miss the holiday-exclusive Diwali and Halloween Binance Gift Card designs.

  * Find out how to send and redeem your first crypto gift card on Binance.

_Don’t miss out on the exclusive Binance Gift Cards for Halloween and Diwali
this October. Learn how to send and redeem your first crypto gift card on
Binance in a few simple steps._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221018/ac49d867-c796-497f-9de5-46c3e449d6eb)

If you’re browsing for a gift this month, why not try sending some crypto gift
cards? From [TikTok superstar Khaby
Lame](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/tiktok-star-khaby-lame--binance-
team-up-to-drive-crypto-awareness-421499824684904073) to [football legend
Cristiano Ronaldo](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/cristiano-ronaldo-
and-binance-team-up-for-a-legendary-nft-partnership-421499824684904050),
crypto is making waves in pop culture like never before.

Are you thinking about sending some crypto? Binance Gift Cards make it fun and
fuss-free. You just need to choose your crypto and a design to go with your
gift card. Binance Gift Cards can be sent to anyone, whether they are a
Binance user or not.

## Why Send a Binance Gift Card?

### Customizable

Binance Gift Cards offer tons of designs. There’s even an option of adding a
personal message, just like how you would send a greeting card. Right now, we
have two holiday-exclusive designs created for Diwali and Halloween.
Alternatively, you can also choose from the variety of gift card designs in
the [Binance Gift Card Marketplace.](https://www.binance.com/en-IN/gift-
card/create-card)

### Conversation starter

How cool would it be to trick-or-treat and receive some crypto this Halloween?
Not only would it stand out among the garden-variety chocolate and sweets, but
you’d also be able to give youths a little nudge to start their own crypto
journey.

### Binance Gift Card Mystery Box

With the new Gift Card feature, Mystery Box, you and your loved ones can buy a
[Binance Gift Card Mystery Box
Gift](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/a694deeeff92437c923ac1c1c4acd228)
from as little as 1 BUSD and stand a chance to get up to 1000 BUSD! Redeem
your Gift Cards together to see who’s the luckiest. And if you didn’t win
anything, that’s fine! You’ll be able to get a full refund back. For more
information, visit this [FAQ about Binance Gift Card Mystery
Boxes](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/eba16a14d95c4b2bbc024a0d4db95dcf).

### No budget woes

Whether it’s 1 BUSD or a whopping bitcoin, you can choose to send any amount
of crypto. This flexibility allows you to keep to your 2022 Halloween budget
or send a more valuable gift to people that mean the most to you.

### Long-distance celebrations

Unfortunately, not everyone can get together and celebrate Diwali surrounded
by loved ones. If you’re looking for a thoughtful Diwali gift for your
employees, friends, or family, the tasteful lamp design is perfect for the
Festival of Lights. Connect with loved ones anywhere in the world instantly.

### Fuss-free gifting in seconds

No queues, no shipping delays, and nearly instant processing time – sending a
Binance Gift Card is quick and easy.

## How to Send a Binance Gift Card From the Binance App

Step 1: Log into the [Binance
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4) and tap **[Profile]**
in the top left corner.

Step 2: Tap **[Gift Card]** and decide on a card design and the amount of
crypto before tapping **[Send]**.

Step 3: Choose the mode of delivery for your crypto gift card, and you’re
done! Optional: Attach your referral link in the message field if you’re
sending a Binance Gift Card to a non-Binance user.

For more information, check out the [detailed guide to sending a Binance Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30).

## How to Redeem a Binance Gift Card From the Binance App

Step 1: Log into the [Binance
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4) and tap **[Profile] -
[Gift Card]**.

Step 2: Select **[Redeem]**.

Step 3: Enter the 16-digit code on your Gift Card and tap **[Redeem]**.

For more information, check out the [detailed guide to redeeming a Binance
Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221018/7aa7b5a1-7649-459c-96d2-10c7c503f468)](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-
card/create-card)

## Help Your Loved Ones Kickstart Their Crypto Journey

No matter the occasion, Binance Gift Card is a hassle-free way to share the
gift of crypto with friends and family. Why not explore crypto as a gift
option this October? It’s not only evergreen but also a practical gift! [Sign
up for a Binance account](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register) to send
your first crypto card today!

For more information, you can also refer to our helpful links below:

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How do I Refer a Friend with a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or cancel this
announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice._

_**Risk Disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,878,742 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Celebrate October With the Gift of Crypto!

Main Takeaways

Why Send a Binance Gift Card?

How to Send a Binance Gift Card From the Binance App

How to Redeem a Binance Gift Card From the Binance App

Help Your Loved Ones Kickstart Their Crypto Journey

194,878,742 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

