Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Staking](/en/staking/)/
  3. [Staking as a service](/en/staking/saas/)

# Staking as a service

  * Third-party node operators handle the operation of your validator client
  * Great option for anyone with 32 ETH who doesn't feel comfortable dealing with the technical complexity of running a node
  * Reduce trust, and maintain custody of your withdrawal keys

On this page

  * What is staking as a service?
  * Why stake with a service?
  * What to consider
  * Explore staking service providers
    * SaaS providers
    * Key Generators
  * Frequently asked questions
  * Further reading

![Leslie the rhino floating in the
clouds.](/_next/image/?url=%2Fstaking%2Fleslie-saas.png&w=828&q=75)

Staking Options

[Staking home](/en/staking/)[Solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)[Staking as a
service](/en/staking/saas/)[Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)[About
withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

## On this page

  * What is staking as a service?
  * Why stake with a service?
  * What to consider
  * Explore staking service providers
  * Frequently asked questions
  * Further reading

## What is staking as a service?

Staking as a service (‚ÄúSaaS") represents a category of staking services where
you deposit your own 32 ETH for a validator, but delegate node operations to a
third-party operator. This process usually involves being guided through the
initial setup, including key generation and deposit, then uploading your
signing keys to the operator. This allows the service to operate your
validator on your behalf, usually for a monthly fee.

## Why stake with a service?

The Ethereum protocol does not natively support delegation of stake, so these
services have been built out to fill this demand. If you have 32 ETH to stake,
but don't feel comfortable dealing with hardware, SaaS services allow you to
delegate the hard part while you earn native block rewards.

![üñ•Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f5a5.svg)

### Your own validator

Deposit your own 32 ETH to activate your own set of signing keys that will
participate in Ethereum consensus. Monitor your progress with dashboards to
watch those ETH rewards accumulate.

![üèÅ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f3c1.svg)

### Easy to start

Forget about hardware specs, setup, node maintenance and upgrades. SaaS
providers let you outsource the hard part by uploading your own signing
credentials, allowing them to run a validator on your behalf, for a small
cost.

![üõ°Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6e1.svg)

### Limit your risk

In many cases users do not have to give up access to the keys that enable
withdrawing or transferring staked funds. These are different from the signing
keys, and can be stored separately to limit (but not eliminate) your risk as a
staker.

## Comparison with other options

### Solo staking

Similarities include having your own validator keys without having to pool
funds, but with SaaS you must trust a third-party, who may potentially act
maliciously or become a target of attack or regulation themselves. If these
trust assumptions or centralization risks concern you, the gold standard of
self-sovereign staking is solo staking.

[Learn more about solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)

### Pooled staking

These are similar in that you're generally relying on someone else to run the
validator client, but unlike SaaS, pooled staking allows you to participate
with smaller amounts of ETH. If you're looking to stake with less than 32 ETH,
consider checking these out.

[Learn more about pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)

## What to consider

There are a growing number of SaaS providers to help you stake your ETH, but
they all have their own benefits and risks. All SaaS options require
additional trust assumptions compared to home-staking. Saas options may have
additional code wrapping the Ethereum clients that is not open or auditable.
SaaS also has a detrimental effect on network decentralization. Depending on
the setup, you may not control your validator - the operator could act
dishonestly using your ETH.

Attribute indicators are used below to signal notable strengths or weaknesses
a listed SaaS provider may have. Use this section as a reference for how we
define these attributes while you're choosing a service to help with your
staking journey.

Staking Considerations

Open sourceAuditedBug bountyBattle testedPermissionlessExecution
diversityConsensus diversitySelf custody

  * Open source
  * Audited
  * Bug bounty
  * Battle tested
  * Permissionless
  * Execution diversity
  * Consensus diversity
  * Self custody

### Open source

Essential code is 100% open source and available to the public to fork and use

Open source

Closed source

## Explore staking service providers

Below are some available SaaS provider. Use the above indicators to help guide
you through these services

![‚ö†Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/26a0.svg)

Products and services are listed as a convenience for the Ethereum community.
Inclusion of a product or service **does not represent an endorsement** from
the ethereum.org website team, or the Ethereum Foundation.

### SaaS providers

#### Kiln

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.kiln.fi/)

#### P2P.org

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://p2p.org/networks/ethereum/)

#### Consensys Staking

From 32 ETH

macOSWindowsGUIAPI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://consensys.io/staking)

#### RockX Staking

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.rockx.com/staking/ethereum)

#### stakefish

From 32 ETH

BrowserWalletLinuxmacOSWindowsGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://stake.fish/ethereum/)

#### Ethpool

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://ethpool.org/)

#### BloxStaking

From 32 ETH

LinuxmacOSWindowsGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.bloxstaking.com/)

#### Figment

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://figment.io/)

#### ChainLabo

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.chainlabo.com/)

#### Everstake Institutional

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://eth.everstake.one/)

#### Sensei Node

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.senseinode.com/)

#### Abyss Finance

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://abyss.finance/hosting)

#### Allnodes

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.allnodes.com/eth2/staking)

#### Squid

From 32 ETH

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Execution diversity

Consensus diversity

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ohsquid.com/)

Please note the importance of supporting [client
diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/) as it
improves the security of the network, and limits your risk. Services that have
evidence of limiting majority client use are indicated with _"execution client
diversity"_ and _"consensus client diversity."_

### Key Generators

#### ethdo

LinuxWindowsCLI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wealdtech/ethdo)

#### Wagyu Key Gen

LinuxmacOSWindowsGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://wagyu.gg/)

#### Avado

BrowserGUI

Open source

Audited

Bug bounty

Battle tested

Permissionless

Self custody

[Get started(opens in a new tab)](https://ava.do/)

Have a suggestion for a staking-as-a-service provider we missed? Check out our
[product listing policy](/en/contributing/adding-staking-products/) to see if
it would be a good fit, and to submit it for review.

## Frequently asked questions

###

Who holds my keys?

More

Arrangements will differ from provider-to-provider, but commonly you will be
guided through setting up any signing keys you need (one per 32 ETH), and
uploading these to your provider to allow them to validate on your behalf. The
signing keys alone do not give any ability to withdraw, transfer, or spend
your funds. However, they do provide the ability to cast votes towards
consensus, which if not done properly can result in offline penalties or
slashing.

###

So there are two sets of keys?

More

Yes. Each account is comprised of both BLS _signing_ keys, and BLS
_withdrawal_ keys. In order for a validator to attest to the state of the
chain, participate in sync committees and propose blocks, the signing keys
must be readily accessible by a validator client. These must be connected to
the internet in some form, and are thus inherently considered to be "hot"
keys. This is a requirement for your validator to be able to attest, and thus
the keys used to transfer or withdraw funds are separated for security
reasons.

The BLS withdrawal keys are used to sign a one-time message that declares
which execution layer account staking rewards and exited funds should go to.
Once this message is broadcast, the _BLS withdrawal_ keys are no longer
needed. Instead, control over withdrawn funds is permanently delegated to the
address you provided. This allows you to set a withdrawal address secured via
your own cold storage, minimizing risk to your validator funds, even if
someone else controls your validator signing keys.

Updating withdrawal credentials is a required step to enable withdrawals*.
This process involves generating the withdrawal keys using your mnemonic seed
phrase.

**Make certain you back this seed phrase up safely or you will be unable to
generate your withdraw keys when the time comes.**

*Stakers who provided a withdrawal address with initial deposit do not need to set this. Check with your SaaS provider for support regarding how to prepare your validator.

###

When can I withdraw?

More

Staking withdrawals were implemented in the Shanghai/Capella upgrade in April
2023. Stakers need to provide a withdrawal address (if not provided on initial
deposit), and reward payments will begin being distributed automatically on a
periodic basis every few days.

Validators can also fully exit as a validator, which will unlock their
remaining ETH balance for withdrawal. Accounts that have provided an execution
withdrawal address and completed the exiting process will receive their entire
balance to the withdrawal address provided during the next validator sweep.

[More on staking withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

###

What happens if I get slashed?

More

By using an SaaS provider, you are entrusting the operation of your node to
someone else. This comes with the risk of poor node performance, which is not
in your control. In the event your validator is slashed, your validator
balance will be penalized and forcibly removed from the validator pool.

Upon completion of the slashing/exiting process, these funds will be
transferred to the withdrawal address assigned to the validator. This requires
providing a withdrawal address to enable. This may have been provided on
initial deposit. If not, the validator withdrawal keys will need to be used to
sign a message declaring a withdrawal address. If no withdrawal address has
been provided, funds will remain locked until provided.

Contact individual SaaS provider for more details on any guarantees or
insurance options, and for instructions on how to provide a withdrawal
address. If you'd prefer to be in full control of your validator setup, [learn
more about how to solo stake your ETH](/en/staking/solo/).

## Further reading

  * [The Ethereum Staking Directory(opens in a new tab)](https://www.staking.directory/) \- _Eridian and Spacesider_
  * [Evaluating Staking Services(opens in a new tab)](https://www.attestant.io/posts/evaluating-staking-services/) \- _Jim McDonald 2020_

![Image of the Rhino mascot for the staking
launchpad.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fenterprise-
eth.d2a3f314.png&w=750&q=75)

## Join the staker community

EthStaker is a community for everyone to discuss and learn about staking on
Ethereum. Join tens of thousands of members from around the globe for advice,
support, and to talk all things staking.

[Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethstaker)[Reddit(opens in a
new tab)](https://reddit.com/r/ethstaker)[Website(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethstaker.cc)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Staking Options

[Staking home](/en/staking/)[Solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)[Staking as a
service](/en/staking/saas/)[Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)[About
withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

