**LIMITED TIME OFFER - Install**[**Solana
Pay**](https://apps.shopify.com/solana-pay)**on your Shopify store for 0%
fees**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oarCGpprH8syJ4fQx7CtlQQOGw.png)

**LIMITED TIME OFFER - Install**[**Solana
Pay**](https://apps.shopify.com/solana-pay)**on your Shopify store for 0%
fees**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oarCGpprH8syJ4fQx7CtlQQOGw.png)

**LIMITED TIME OFFER****  
****0% Fees on**[**Solana Pay**](https://apps.shopify.com/solana-pay)**for
Shopify merchants!**

[](./)

[Solutions](./solutions/nfts)

[Resources](./customer-stories)

[About us](./aboutus)

[](https://twitter.com/helio_pay)[](https://discord.gg/helio)

[Launch app](https://app.hel.io)

[Solutions](./solutions/nfts)

[Resources](./customer-stories)

[About us](./aboutus)

[](https://twitter.com/helio_pay)[](https://discord.gg/helio)

[Launch app](https://app.hel.io)

[](https://app.hel.io)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/fpY2IJ5EBuxslLyzLAPuStswIA.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/fpY2IJ5EBuxslLyzLAPuStswIA.png)

# Sell more with crypto

# Sell more with crypto

We help thousands of merchants & creators increase online sales with single-
step crypto payments

We help thousands of merchants & creators increase online sales with single-
step crypto payments

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/APFmqxDK1J3UAdgPXPScNLI.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/gN4Ka71Eb2kXjJQI9EHUaTkMM.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/bRNj9jl9sOfxEUi9jvtpXBzhYd0.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/dQBtmMkWYZ5cE6ZJUKq8RQGUF4.png)

[Start selling](https://app.hel.io)

98.09%

98.09%

Transaction success rate

99.99%

99.99%

Historical Helio uptime

+5,000

+5,000

Sellers

+300,000

+300,000

Unique Active Wallets

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UbNiR4wgfxtMlE1FEHbnGErmV4.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UbNiR4wgfxtMlE1FEHbnGErmV4.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/UbNiR4wgfxtMlE1FEHbnGErmV4.png)

Trusted by the best

Trusted by the best

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/k83WkEz21FCkLqHcKALmMCG4eyU.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oCCHel8z2kTtOvmiTR50aVO9e8.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ozsR77luVzLQ9zWbjdISdikGTI.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/PZRlqkPfsKAT8plZO4IMat3TI.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/77XnAUcyCdZN89NPlnCocKMLFYE.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JpKuT62OPPknaugJUmUiTTOCs.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/k83WkEz21FCkLqHcKALmMCG4eyU.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oCCHel8z2kTtOvmiTR50aVO9e8.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ozsR77luVzLQ9zWbjdISdikGTI.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/PZRlqkPfsKAT8plZO4IMat3TI.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/77XnAUcyCdZN89NPlnCocKMLFYE.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JpKuT62OPPknaugJUmUiTTOCs.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/y9rbh6fzyf9OtNWcHu10kZjLppU.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/d0fnErotp75ygoxnKk8P9rsN6qU.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/3sIDisalD2ZocCZQzDDIJUaPx0.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/qcTlRSiFRoKbrjtjIhws0ypyCzs.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ppTLaAIX6bjNB52o0dz3giHjBiQ.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/y9rbh6fzyf9OtNWcHu10kZjLppU.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/d0fnErotp75ygoxnKk8P9rsN6qU.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/3sIDisalD2ZocCZQzDDIJUaPx0.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/qcTlRSiFRoKbrjtjIhws0ypyCzs.png)

  * ![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ppTLaAIX6bjNB52o0dz3giHjBiQ.png)

  * Helio provides a robust Solana-native payments system that seamlessly integrates with web2 solutions. Helio powered USDC ticket sales for Breakpoint 2022 alongside Stripe to offer attendees an option to purchase tickets with USDC on Solana, bringing web3 payments into parity with credit card payments

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/MZyaoQy7kY3up2ZikMos9JAkKY.png)

Austin Federa

**Head of Strategy, Solana Foundation**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hv0x4DIwX25ZHRtGxQGurMGqew.png)

  * We’re thrilled to welcome Helio to the Polygon ecosystem. Web3 businesses need great payment tools to drive sales and save developer resources they would otherwise spend on building it themselves. It’s exciting to see that merchants can now accept payments using any token on Polygon.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Ovd2ZO7UMMTGm3l8ZtGupmOiTM.png)

Hamzah Khan

**Head of DeFi at Polygon Labs**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/INkHsWxlRn1qGvWtdNWY9vR31hI.png)

  * We worked with Helio to pre-sell half of our supply of 4,000 NFTs before our launch on OpenSea’s Eth launchpad, letting us incentivise & reward the earliest supporters in our community. 

  
The ability to create custom pre-sale links with wallet allow lists as well as
gate based on Discord roles ensured that the allocation ended up in the hands
of the right members

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/U6Hk36tR8mXw57LCKCSFjs96Ho.png)

Karma

**Head of Marketing, ZTX**

  * We did 20m+ in [@solanamobile](https://twitter.com/solanamobile) sales with [@Shopify](https://twitter.com/Shopify) [@solana](https://twitter.com/solana) usdc, paid $0 fees. The credit card sales cost us over $600k in fees on about the same volume. That’s 3 full time engineers. 

  

Thanks [http://hel.io](https://t.co/nkwFCxI4hD)!!!

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hPkm7PAax7rIujO6XvWJiIHFkDM.png)

Toly [@aeyakovenko](https://twitter.com/aeyakovenko)

**Co-founder Solana Labs**

  * Helio provides a robust Solana-native payments system that seamlessly integrates with web2 solutions. Helio powered USDC ticket sales for Breakpoint 2022 alongside Stripe to offer attendees an option to purchase tickets with USDC on Solana, bringing web3 payments into parity with credit card payments

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/MZyaoQy7kY3up2ZikMos9JAkKY.png)

Austin Federa

**Head of Strategy, Solana Foundation**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hv0x4DIwX25ZHRtGxQGurMGqew.png)

  * We’re thrilled to welcome Helio to the Polygon ecosystem. Web3 businesses need great payment tools to drive sales and save developer resources they would otherwise spend on building it themselves. It’s exciting to see that merchants can now accept payments using any token on Polygon.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Ovd2ZO7UMMTGm3l8ZtGupmOiTM.png)

Hamzah Khan

**Head of DeFi at Polygon Labs**

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/INkHsWxlRn1qGvWtdNWY9vR31hI.png)

  * We worked with Helio to pre-sell half of our supply of 4,000 NFTs before our launch on OpenSea’s Eth launchpad, letting us incentivise & reward the earliest supporters in our community. 

  
The ability to create custom pre-sale links with wallet allow lists as well as
gate based on Discord roles ensured that the allocation ended up in the hands
of the right members

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/U6Hk36tR8mXw57LCKCSFjs96Ho.png)

Karma

**Head of Marketing, ZTX**

  * We did 20m+ in [@solanamobile](https://twitter.com/solanamobile) sales with [@Shopify](https://twitter.com/Shopify) [@solana](https://twitter.com/solana) usdc, paid $0 fees. The credit card sales cost us over $600k in fees on about the same volume. That’s 3 full time engineers. 

  

Thanks [http://hel.io](https://t.co/nkwFCxI4hD)!!!

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/hPkm7PAax7rIujO6XvWJiIHFkDM.png)

Toly [@aeyakovenko](https://twitter.com/aeyakovenko)

**Co-founder Solana Labs**

Simple & Powerful payment tools

Simple payment tools

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/gSvLtodR8PcKCo7PWt4UuJrWhY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/gSvLtodR8PcKCo7PWt4UuJrWhY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7jyKETW4tv8VSs8QZ2Mx5W4kWc.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7jyKETW4tv8VSs8QZ2Mx5W4kWc.png)

Pay Links

Pay Links

Start selling in under two minutes. Spin up a hosted checkout page for digital
and physical products. Receive instant payments in USDC, SOL, ETH, BTC & 100s
of digital currencies with built-in swaps.

[E-Commerce](./solutions/e-commerce)

[NFTs](./solutions/nfts)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Z9XbGN6smsvk5uiXHL4FrDerF4.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Z9XbGN6smsvk5uiXHL4FrDerF4.png)

Helio Checkout

Helio Checkout

Integrate crypto payments into any website or app with our user-friendly,
embeddable widget using just a few lines of code.

[Helio checkout](https://docs.hel.io/developers/helio-checkout-widget)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/54E4S0S32kftmUQ54vXingicfs.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/54E4S0S32kftmUQ54vXingicfs.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JCjcMb3HSOIJ8uP0x1XzEZmEw.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/JCjcMb3HSOIJ8uP0x1XzEZmEw.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/FP6eOV9eXMdnzrn1Z5WWBHMNNVw.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/FP6eOV9eXMdnzrn1Z5WWBHMNNVw.png)

Pre-sales

Pre-sales

Launch a Pre-Sales campaign for your NFT, token, or product. Use Discord
gating, wallet allowlists, raffles, and more to optimise sales.

[NFTs](./solutions/nfts)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oxWelQ8loqaZANWAauR9woqoh9M.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/oxWelQ8loqaZANWAauR9woqoh9M.png)

Integrations

Integrations

Helio integrates seamlessly with other platforms including Discord, YouTube,
Twitch, TradingView, WooCommerce and Shopify.

[Discord](https://docs.hel.io/product-guides/discord-memberships)

[tradingview](https://docs.hel.io/product-guides/tradingview)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lSWwgVSUWHP6lbTg1hH8vyM7RsY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lSWwgVSUWHP6lbTg1hH8vyM7RsY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/lSWwgVSUWHP6lbTg1hH8vyM7RsY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2ia99NSU0ZlhW4AmfJSJi2D0yCo.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/2ia99NSU0ZlhW4AmfJSJi2D0yCo.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ZLRYMTjcSXFHxi06YK3Cu71WY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/ZLRYMTjcSXFHxi06YK3Cu71WY.png)

Subscriptions

Subscriptions

Quickly set up recurring payments for your community memberships, SaaS
subscriptions, digital content.

[Subscriptions](https://docs.hel.io/product-guides/subscriptions)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/mCJVVkIhaf7VRlw4vpZRZZzOo.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/mCJVVkIhaf7VRlw4vpZRZZzOo.png)

Video paywall

Video paywall

Sell access to your videos. Let fans unlock their favourite content with a
single click of their wallet.

[PAYWALL](https://docs.hel.io/product-guides/other-options/video-paywall-
helio-play)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s4PI7nnwJ2GpxqS7G3hej0fhJrw.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/s4PI7nnwJ2GpxqS7G3hej0fhJrw.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/xPTO3LP2aPPevRg8GZDjCxOZ80.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/xPTO3LP2aPPevRg8GZDjCxOZ80.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/w6TH8PmiJ4A43OJPgeHS71HMt8I.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/w6TH8PmiJ4A43OJPgeHS71HMt8I.png)

helio wallet

helio wallet

A self-custody wallet created for you behind the scenes. Accept credit, debit,
and bank payments. No crypto or existing wallet is required for customers.

[helio wallet](https://docs.hel.io/product-guides/helio-wallet)

Your One-Stop Web3 Payment Solution

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Vw9m9JQwEccJA7IcMgvd2ygPqxQ.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Vw9m9JQwEccJA7IcMgvd2ygPqxQ.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/PAkBAW4T46QWmExKNL7YJ67VLk.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/PAkBAW4T46QWmExKNL7YJ67VLk.png)

Multi-chain

Accept USDC & 100s of digital currencies on Solana, Bitcoin, Ethereum &
Polygon.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KYsbSI6wYkpFFsZ67jLde6nMyu4.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/KYsbSI6wYkpFFsZ67jLde6nMyu4.png)

All-in-One

From storefront to settlement, supercharge your sales with Helio.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Zvhmo8nAxO61SkCCx78FYJ4yU.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Zvhmo8nAxO61SkCCx78FYJ4yU.png)

Build Loyalty

Include airdrops & access to your Discord community with your sale.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/9EFs6C0fUgQUcNs7aXw6G1v1A.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/9EFs6C0fUgQUcNs7aXw6G1v1A.png)

100% DeFi

Receive payments directly from buyers. No intermediaries, no chargebacks.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HtHTQuyYwKOiighZBJk8q46wqA.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/HtHTQuyYwKOiighZBJk8q46wqA.png)

No sign ups

Streamline your customer’s journey with one-click checkouts.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/P5XXd8OP3olCdHG0rjRG45WMVY.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/P5XXd8OP3olCdHG0rjRG45WMVY.png)

Instant & borderless

Helio guarantees instant payouts wherever you are in the world.

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/fpY2IJ5EBuxslLyzLAPuStswIA.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/fpY2IJ5EBuxslLyzLAPuStswIA.png)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/fpY2IJ5EBuxslLyzLAPuStswIA.png)

Get started with Helio today

Get started with Helio today

Reach a growing market of shoppers who prefer the ease of paying with digital
currency.

[talk to us](mailto:hi@hel.io)

[view pricing](./pricing)

[](./)

Sell more with crypto

[Join us](https://join.hel.io/)

[Media kit](./media-kit)

[FAQ](https://docs.hel.io/introduction/welcome-to-helio)

[](https://docs.hel.io/)[](https://twitter.com/helio_pay)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliopay/)[](https://blog.hel.io/)[](https://discord.gg/helio)

© 2024 Helio Fintech Ltd · All rights reserved · Contact us at: hi@hel.io

[Privacy](https://info.docs.hel.io/privacy)

[Terms](https://info.docs.hel.io/terms-of-service)

[](./)

Sell more with crypto

[Join us](https://join.hel.io/)

[Media kit](./media-kit)

[FAQ](https://docs.hel.io/introduction/welcome-to-helio)

[](https://docs.hel.io/)[](https://twitter.com/helio_pay)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliopay/)[](https://blog.hel.io/)[](https://discord.gg/helio)

© 2024 Helio Fintech Ltd · All rights reserved · Contact us at: hi@hel.io

[Privacy](https://info.docs.hel.io/privacy)

[Terms](https://info.docs.hel.io/terms-of-service)

[](./)

Sell more with crypto

[Join us](https://join.hel.io/)

[Media kit](./media-kit)

[FAQ](https://docs.hel.io/introduction/welcome-to-helio)

[](https://docs.hel.io/)[](https://twitter.com/helio_pay)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliopay/)[](https://blog.hel.io/)[](https://discord.gg/helio)

© 2024 Helio Fintech Ltd · All rights reserved · Contact us at: hi@hel.io

[Privacy](https://info.docs.hel.io/privacy)

[Terms](https://info.docs.hel.io/terms-of-service)

