  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [How to
Get WEN Using Trust Wallet](/blog/how-to-get-wen-using-trust-wallet)

##### Guides

# How to Get WEN Using Trust Wallet

Published on: Jan 30, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is WEN?**
  * **Fund Your Wallet with the Crypto You Want to Swap**
  * **How to Buy Crypto Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit Crypto Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Swap SOL for WEN**
  * **View your WEN balance in Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Discover how to swap your crypto for WEN on Solana blockchain using Trust
Wallet with this easy, step-by-step guide.

![How to Get WEN Using Trust Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_f3527f9bdf.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

In this guide, you'll discover how to easily
[swap](https://trustwallet.com/swap) your existing crypto for
[WEN](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet), using Trust Wallet.

Swapping using a [Web3 crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/) like Trust
Wallet allows you to go from one crypto asset to another without using fiat or
going through a centralized exchange. This guide focuses on acquiring WEN on
the Solana blockchain, so you'll need SOL for any transaction fees, as well as
[SOL](https://trustwallet.com/solana-wallet) or a Solana-based token for the
swap.

Below, we’ll cover the following:

  1. Creating the wallet you’ll use for swapping

  2. How to fund your wallet with the crypto you want to swap

  3. How to swap your existing crypto for WEN

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

_**Disclaimer:** Content is for informational purposes and not investment
advice. Web3 and crypto come with risk. Please do your own research with
respect to interacting with and holding cryptocurrencies. Exercise caution and
ensure decentralized applications (dApps) you connect to and use are safe.
View our terms of service at: [https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-
service](https://trustwallet.com/terms-of-service)_

## What is WEN?

[WEN](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet) is a [Solana meme
coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins) that embodies the
popular crypto cultural theme of “when” something significant will take place.

“WEN", in the crypto community, is used in forums and social media to inquire
about the anticipated timing of significant events in the crypto world, such
as price surges or project launches.

WEN’s surge in value and popularity followed a significant airdrop event
associated with the Jupiter launchpad, a decentralized exchange on the Solana
network. Over a million Solana wallets were recipients of this airdrop, each
receiving a substantial number of [WEN tokens](https://trustwallet.com/wen-
wallet).

A critical aspect of the [WEN memecoin](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet) is
its token burn plan. The concept of token burning involves permanently
removing a portion of cryptocurrency from circulation, which can affect the
coin's value and scarcity. For WEN, the unclaimed tokens from the airdrop were
set to be burned after a specific date, potentially reducing the total supply
and influencing the market dynamics of the coin.

In summary, WEN is more than just a digital currency; it represents a segment
of the cryptocurrency culture that values humor, community engagement, and
speculative enthusiasm. Its name and the circumstances of its rise highlight
the unique and often whimsical nature of memecoins within the broader crypto
ecosystem.

### Getting Started

The first step to getting WEN is to ensure you’ve installed the latest version
of Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet can be downloaded as a mobile app, or you can install the [Trust
Wallet Extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension) for your desktop
browser. For this guide, we'll focus on creating a new wallet using the Trust
Wallet mobile app.

![how-to-get-WEN-using-trust-
wallet-5.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_5_183f001ebd.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Get the most updated version of Trust Wallet

Below you’ll see the steps to create a new wallet, but you could just as
easily [import an existing Web3 wallet to Trust
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/import-your-wallet-to-trust-wallet), if
that’s your preference.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

**To create a new wallet:**

  * Install, then open Trust Wallet

  * Choose “Create a new wallet”.

  * Choose your backup option, or you can optionally postpone the backup process by choosing “Skip”.

  * Start using Trust Wallet.

![how-to-get-WEN-using-trust-
wallet-4.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_4_26cf58839e.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Fund Your Wallet with the Crypto You Want to Swap

There are two main ways to add crypto to your wallet.

  1. You can buy crypto directly using Trust Wallet via our trusted third-party providers

  2. You can deposit crypto from another address or centralized exchange

Let’s briefly look at the steps for both.

![how-to-get-WEN-using-trust-
wallet-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_2_97f3e6c8fa.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Buy Crypto Using Trust Wallet

In this example we’ll look at how to buy Solana (SOL), since this is a
swappable asset for WEN.

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen

  * Search for “SOL” or “Solana” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of SOL you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

## How to Deposit Crypto Using Trust Wallet

You can also deposit SOL easily and here’s how.

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen

  * Search for “SOL” or “Solana” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

## How to Swap SOL for WEN

Now that you have SOL or any other solana-based swappable asset, now it’s time
to swap your crypto for WEN. This can be done with the Trust Wallet mobile app
or the desktop browser extension. In this example, we’ll use the mobile app.

Here are the steps:

  * Open the Browser icon from your Trust Wallet home screen.

  * Navigate to [https://jup.ag/](https://jup.ag/)

  * Select “Connect” and then choose Trust Wallet to connect your wallet. Follow the remaining instructions to confirm the connection.

  * Choose SOL in the You’re Paying field, and WEN in the To Receive field.

  * Select “Swap” to initiate the swap. Wait until the transaction goes through.

![how-to-get-WEN-using-trust-
wallet-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_1_249153c3fa.gif&w=3840&q=75)

_**Note:** in some cases you may need to adjust your slippage settings to
prevent transaction failure._

## View your WEN balance in Trust Wallet

In some cases, you may find that the WEN token doesn’t show up right away. If
that happens, do the following:

  * Scroll down on the home screen until you see “Manage crypto” and select it.

  * Search for “WEN”. Then switch the toggle for WEN to on (so it turns blue).

  * Navigate back to the home screen of your wallet and you’ll see your WEN balance.

![how-to-get-WEN-using-trust-
wallet-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_3_7acb6933d5.png&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to WEN, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Get the latest version of
Trust Wallet and explore Web3 without limits.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

