Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 27

# Beyond bonds: opening a new world of asset classes on the blockchain

  *  __ November 18, 2021
  *  __35 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (VP Strategic Alliances, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fbeyond-bonds-opening-a-new-world-of-asset-classes-on-the-blockchain-w-rehan-ahmed%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fbeyond-bonds-opening-a-new-world-of-asset-classes-on-the-blockchain-w-rehan-ahmed%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

### Live METACO TALKS with Rehan Ahmed, CPO at Marketnode

For this episode of [METACO Talks](https://www.metaco.com/talks/) we were
joined by [Rehan Ahmed](https://www.linkedin.com/in/rehan-ahmed-0849a61a/),
Chief Product Officer and founding team member at
[Marketnode](https://www.sgx.com/fixed-income/marketnode), a
[SGX](https://www.sgx.com/) & [Temasek](https://www.temasek.com.sg/en/index)
joint venture focused on digital assets. Within this role, he focuses on
product development and the digitalisation of capital markets products
including bonds, funds infrastructure and sustainable finance. As Head of
Fixed Income Products & Digital Assets at SGX, Rehan oversaw the launch of a
digital bond issuance platform that culminated in the Marketnode partnership.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:04:02]**  Marketnode – what it is and how it works;

**[00:12:32]**  New asset classes;

**[00:22:26]**  The technology stack for digital assets;

**[00:25:37]**  The progress so far and critical next steps

_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._





### Full transcript

[00:00:13] **Seamus:**  Welcome to Episode 27 of METACO Talks, our series of
live conversations with the people at the forefront of innovation and
decentralized finance, today. Today, the title of episode is: Beyond bonds –
opening up a new world of asset classes on the blockchain. To discuss this, we
have a special guest, Rehan Ahmed, Chief Product Officer and founding team
member at Marketnode, in SGX and Temasek joint venture on digital assets.

Within this role, he focuses on product development, digitalization of capital
markets products includes bonds, fund infrastructure and sustainable finance.
as Head of Fixed Income Products and Digital Assets at SGX, Rehan oversaw the
launch of a digital bond issuance platform that culminated in the Marketnode
partnership.

Rehan was involved in the launch of the new platforms, including SGX’s
institutional bond trading platform in 2016, and led a general counterparty
service 2018 rollout before focusing on digital assets. He’s been one of the
key SGX representatives on industry bodies, such as ICMA, the Fixed Trading
Community, and the Singapore National Market.



[00:01:33] **Rehan:**  Good afternoon from Singapore.



[00:01:34] **Seamus:**  Good morning from Switzerland. Great to have you here.
I would love to chat a bit about how you got into the digital asset space, how
that evolution evolved.



[00:01:40] **Rehan:**  Much like many of us in this space, it all started off
with a personal interest in crypto. That began sometime around 2016, early
2017. But I actually got a lot more interested in the efficiency as a result
of smart contracts and ledgers. There’s actually a personal reason why.

One of the first jobs I had in banking, which is many years ago now, I was
actually sent to Japan to service an individual security, that took about two
weeks to service. This security had more than 9,000 mortgages underlying, and
I was the guy sent to go out there and service it. Back then there was no
concept of smart contracts and ledgers to be able to automate asset servicing.
We always had that mindset of, such an immense amount of data, how do you
automate and make it more efficient for these kinds of assets?

We were quite pragmatic about being able to support things like crypto in a
major global exchange. I started focusing a lot more on, what is the
underlying technology? How do you use smart contracts for servicing of pings
like bond coupon payments, that I was stuck in Japan doing for about two
weeks? How do you automate maturity payments? How do you think about
automating things like voting in the future?

As started looking at that, the potential of the of the technology and the
application was obvious. We only wanted to think about, where do you use it?
Now, as Singapore exchange, we are quite a unique financial market
infrastructure in the sense that we have a listing venue for bonds, we have a
lot of Asian and US issuers and westerners. But we also operate a depository
in the region that supports aside from equities, bonds. For us bonds, asset
servicing, are as a bread and butter business.

It began from looking at, how can I use this particular technology, which is
smart contracts and blockchains, to make life easier for our bond holding
clients? That really was the genesis of it. We’ve all been down the rabbit
hole. As you start looking at the usage of the technology, different
applications become a lot more apparent. The usage across different asset
classes that may not be accessible to you become a lot more apparent, and here
we are.



[00:04:02] **Seamus:**  I imagine that there was a dramatic truck when you had
to do the asset service in Japan. The advanced features were probably
programming the fax machine more than anything, given how that was a critical
piece of equipment in Japan. That evolution is pretty clear; can you talk
about what Marketnode is and what eventually was the combination of the
experience, and what problem it solves?



[00:04:25] **Rehan:**  When Marketnode started off in 2019, it was really an
attempt to create a digital human-less depository, which is at the point in
which a bond comes to be customized with us in our depository. How do you
automate the settlement? How do you automate the coupons? How do you automate
the maturity payments?

When we started working on this, it was pretty clear at the start that we
needed partners. Usually within the bond market, you definitely need a large
arranger. You need custodian banks, you need to be able to have trustees, the
investors, and everyone just plugged into the ecosystem to make it work. Very
early on, we searched for partners. Some examples I can give here are partners
like HSBC. Subsequently, we also worked with UOB, which is a Singapore bank.
We managed to understand how the post-trade could be fully automated.

But as we worked with all of these parties, what became quite clear is that a
lot of the data gaps and a lot of workflow gaps might constrain in the bond
issuance process. Some stats I can share with you, depending on which bank you
speak to and the complexity of the deal. A typical bond deal can have anywhere
from 250 to 600 individual steps that are happening between the banks, the law
firms, trustees, the investor custodians, the bank custodians. It became very
obvious that if we were looking at fixed income as our first asset class, we
have to look at the entire value chain, versus just looking at post-trade,
which is what we started off as.

It’s a long way of saying that Marketnode essentially focuses on end-to-end
DLP enabled infrastructure. Our fixed income is definitely our anchor asset
class. Over time, we will look to make this a multi-asset infrastructure. We
have what we call an ABCD and E within our end-to-end. Typically, in FinTech,
I’m sure a lot of your listeners will be aware of the ABCD of FinTech, which
is: AI, blockchain, cloud, and data. Our ABCDE, is A for access mechanisms.
We’re working on some really interesting products to be able to give issuers
the ability to tap traditional capital markets through a digital access. Our B
is our experience working with ledger technologies, blockchain technologies,
which we’ve done over the last two and a half years. Our C is cloud. We
realized that the way this market is evolving; you need a faster deployment
procedure. Everything you do is on the cloud. Data analytics we’ll cover in
detail throughout this webinar. Last but not least is ESG. The ESG element is
really interesting. We realized that as you’re building out a future digital
market infrastructure for traditional capital market products, it’s something
we could not ignore. It’s almost turned this day and age in Europe and Asia
and the US, into a borderline fiduciary responsibility. Being able to show,
for example for green bonds, where’s this money going? What frameworks are you
using? What are the kinds of projects you can invest in? What is the ongoing
impact reporting?

Again, it’s a very ground up approach to ESG. Lately we come across many
fintechs that are overnight ESG experts. You know, we actually put them into
part of our design process very early on.



[00:07:48] **Seamus:**  Fascinating. When I look at similar market
infrastructure and utilities, they have a very different approach. Let’s think
about the players like ASX, they’re really focused on the ledger side of the
infrastructure equation. Do you think this has helped you not deciding what
that core ledger is and really focused on the issuance process? Does that make
the task easier?



[00:08:10] **Rehan:**  Here, I’ll go directly back to Project Houben, which is
how all the parties met. As a matter of fact, we’d gone to test out the
interoperability between ledgers for trading and credit clearing and
settlement, as part of Project Houben. For us, that was a relatively well-
known process. As a matter of. SGX, our parent company, actually filed a
patent on this and has received it. The mechanics are actually quite familiar
to us. For us, for market mill we had to prove out that there is a
commercializable business for this.

When you start thinking in those terms, you start moving away from the concept
of minimum viable product to that of a minimal viable ecosystem – which is
your banks, your issuers, your law firms. We very early on within our digital
bond project did a lot of design study into what the individual pain points
were. For someone to be completely upfront with the audience, for someone
sitting on a BCM desk right in the coal face, they really care less about
consensus mechanics. They care more about am I able to find the last 10 COVID
risk factors for deals on Asia? They’re looking for ESG data, they’re trying
to understand what the ESG profile of an issuer is, they’re trying to gauge
customer demand, and frankly they’re quite far removed.

Also as someone that controls the wallet and the spend on this, I think you
have to look at what the business centers cares about. It’s certainly a very
different approach from what some of the other financial market infrastructure
players have done. We also wanted to focus on fixed income because it’s an OTC
asset class. Typical public bond deals have 120 to 150 institutional
investors. Private placement deals have 1 to 3 investors. You’ve got a smaller
universe. You’re not dealing with major equity IPO that can also have retail
participation.

Some very natural reasons why we chose to focus on the workflow, just because
we did a lot of design thinking workshops with our participants. The feedback
was loud and clear. That’s some of the thinking around what we build
Marketnode on.



[00:10:37] **Seamus:**  It’s clear what problem you’re solving in the near
term. What’s the longer term mission for Marketnode? What’s the end state?



[00:10:44] **Rehan:**  Let’s start at what the current mission and vision is.
In the short term, we want to get fixed income right. In the longer term, you
want to take this concept of getting an end-to-end for one single asset, then
be able to expand it. Let me break that down into what that means in this
context.

When you look at an asset class like fixed income, let’s split it into two,
which is pre-issuance. What is the point in time in which an issuer decides to
come to the market to raise funding through a new bond? That involves a lot of
documentation, a lot of issuer profiling, investors sounding, and basically a
lot of work in the front office. Then essentially you have the post-trade,
through which you’re able to settle it more efficiently, through which you’re
able to be corporate actions more efficient.

Since we started working on it in the beginning of January, we had an 18-month
horizon in which we had to get the fixed income right. We had get certain
parts of pre-issuance right, and parts of post-issuance right. Hopefully that
is something we’re able to deliver the market by middle of next year. As a
matter of fact, our first product launch is not too far away. We will be
launching our pre-issuance platform on the 15th December, then subsequently we
have phase releases on post-trade. That should put us in a very good position
by middle of next year to have delivered on fixed income.

Now, whenever you’re building up financial market infrastructure, I’m sure
your listeners can appreciate, you have to think about making it multi-asset
because of the common component. That’s where we’re starting to look at new
asset classes that fit this paradigm, that have issues that may or may not be
similar to fixed income but are definitely faced by participants. It becomes
quite important, which is why we’ve been looking at some of the newer asset
classes that I’m sure we’ll cover soon.



[00:12:32] **Seamus:**  What are those common characteristics when you look at
other asset classes?



[00:12:35] **Rehan:**  Let’s zoom out from asset classes and think about when
you generally look at the ledger technology. What are some of the challenges
it is supposed to solve? Generally immutable record keeping. Yes. Are you
looking for a better way to connect data across participants? Absolutely. Are
you looking at streamlining things like issuance, money transfers, get away
from very traditional batch settlement processes that happened one or two
times a day? Last but not least, are you able to create new investible asset
classes from something that doesn’t exist today?

When I look at the broad universal of instruments available, the ones that
seem to fit in quite well are things like loans, which would be an extension
of fixed income. If you think about the global loan market, it’s split into
syndicated loans, and then you have the private loan market. I’ll share an
anecdote with you from someone I met earlier in the week. He was telling me
about how a secondary loan transfer he once did, took him 45 days to settle.
In the bond world, we talk about, T+5 is a long time. imagine the person who
is out there trying to do a loan in secondary.

When you think about all of these challenges, what it really comes down to is
you don’t have a centralized infrastructure. That’s where I think this kind of
technology is very useful for. For loans, for example, there is no centralized
infrastructure for things like bilateral private loans. As a result of that,
you don’t have the ability to create a secondary market. That’s why, because
all the processes are very paper oriented, it took that banker 45 days
received the funding.

Then I think when you start looking at things like funds as well, I think for
funds it really depends on the market you’re looking at. Many regional markets
globally have very efficient fund infrastructure, but some don’t. Something we
definitely see a lot happening in Singapore is so-called private funds, Large
public mutual funds, for example, they have some kind of infrastructure with
transfer agents, custodian banks. But when you start thinking of private
funds, it’s a very lumpy landscape in that way

Again, if you have a core infrastructure that’s able to tokenize, it’s able to
settle, it’s able to have data at the depository level, then these sorts of
asset classes start looking very interesting because then you’re not going
against an incumbent infrastructure such as the CSPs.



[00:15:21] **Seamus:**  That’s fascinating. You’ve identified a lot of problem
statements around the different asset classes. How do you look at trade
finance finances? There’s a lot of consortium’s looking to resolve all the
paper and manual processes and time delays involved in trade finance. Is there
a role for Marketnode there as well?



[00:15:39] **Rehan:**  It’s been something we’ve been studying intellectually
versus from a product standpoint. The interesting thing about trade finances,
you’re right, there’s a lot of platforms and consortiums that are focused on
things like bills of lading. There’s many good examples in Singapore and
globally on there. That part is better served by the fintechs. What interests
us is, how do you look at the technology news from trade finance? Take
container logistics as an example. Some of the use cases that we’re seeing now
is really the adoption of sensory technology, and for example verifiable
credentials to be tagged onto container logistics that you’re able to track
their movement.

Because you’re able to track their movement, let’s say if you’re a bank is
providing trade finance to cover you for the receipt of a container; now you
have a real time view of essentially what your funding risks looks like, what
your credit risk actually looks like. I think the interesting part for trade
finance is how this technology is used at scale at a cost efficient manner,
because we see a lot of overlap between that and how the technology could be
used for ESG capture in the future. I think that’s a few years away, but we
started looking at how that could be used, because from an ESG data
standpoint, I’m sure we’ll cover this in a little bit, we have a lot of data
because SGX is a premier listing venue for ESG bonds in Asia. You want to
start thinking about how that gets recorded, how investors get a better view
of all of the work that the issuers are putting into this. It has really been
quite interesting technology.

The second area, that frankly Marketnode is not looking at, but we see a lot
of this happening in the trade finance space, is how do you turn short-term
funding and receivables into actual tradable products? In that case, for
example, it could be an anchor corporate that is well-known, and a bank is
providing funding to the anchor corporate that has tied to, for example,
peanut to a supplier. In short, it could be seen by an investor as short-term
risks to an anchor corporate. How do you turn that to new digital asset that
can then be traded across the digital asset venue or network of digital asset
venues? That’s some of the ideas that we’re seeing in the trade finance space
right now.



[00:18:03] **Seamus:**  It seems the issue is not so different than aligning
settlement cycles with trade cycles, basically. You have a couple of days in
equities, but trade finance could take six months to negotiate a contract with
a bank. Aligning those would radically change how they get financed and
probably increase the loans.

You touched on the ESG data element. Are those properties codified or made
more programmable? How do you plan to approach that?



[00:18:30] **Rehan:**  The first problem is to define the dataset, before
thinking about how to quantify them, and that is a big task. If we look at the
Asia offshore bond market, we have a number of issues across different
industries, mostly in financials, but across automotive, technology and real
estate. What we’ve been trying to do so far is to actually – I don’t want to
use the word standardized – but set a common dataset across all of these kinds
of issuers. Thanks to some industry bodies in the market like ICMA (the
International Capital Markets Association), they’ve put a lot of work into
educating, putting out templates for reporting, putting up templates for
frameworks.

I got asked the same question earlier this week. My answer is that when it
comes to ESG standards, it’s a bit like how they talk about the future. That
it’s here, it’s just unevenly distributed. We find the same with ESG
standards. There’s no lack of existing standards and industry bodies that are
working on this. The challenge is really the issuer awareness and education on
how to use it.

Now, once the issuer starts using it, we need to be able to start to define
the common dataset before thinking about codifying. I’ll give you an example.
You could have an issuer that decides to come to the market and they say, “My
coupon is 4&.” Not that 4% coupons exist anymore, but the issuer could say 4%.
“I promise you the investor that if my greenhouse gas emissions do not go down
by 20% over the next three years, my coupon is going to go up to 5%.”

Let’s think about how that is actually done today. By the time you report that
in five years, there’s a lag in the reporting. Someone has to manually go in
and report it. Then someone has to go in and manually amend the coupon from 4%
to 4.5 or 5%. One use case we can see in the future is, for programmable
assets through sensory technology, this is the longer term play, are you able
to record greenhouse gas emissions on a real-time basis? Once you’re able to
do that, are you then able to go in and amend things like coupons? You could
also think about other penalties for issuers like this. This is quite common
in the marketplace. The remedial action could be: please ensure you go out to
the marketplace and buy carbon credits.

It is this kind of policing that, unless you have the dataset there you can’t
even think about codifying it. For us, making sure we have the right dataset
is what we’ve taken a long time to come through. We think that’s going to be a
continuing journey over the next year or so. Then we think about a year’s
time, we’ll start thinking about how to codify this, which is a very different
approach from what I seen some of the green fintechs take. They go in and they
say, “You’re a real estate issuer, let me give you a full end-to-end tracking
mechanism. It’s all there.”

I’ll give you one recent example that came across. There was a conglomerate
that we were speaking to, and the conglomerate had textile manufacturing and
agriculture. Someone came to them with a great pitch for textile manufacturing
and how to attract supply chain finance there, but then turns out, they said,
“We’ve been thinking of doing a green bond for agriculture business. Do you
have anything for that?”

Again, I think some caution is required there. There’s a lot going on in the
ESG space, but for us to put our heads down and get the dataset right first
before thinking of codification, we feel is the right approach. Also, you want
to start with the right sector, because not all sectors will be appropriate
for this. That’s why we’re spending our time doing the ESG.



[00:22:26] **Seamus:**  Great points on what you have to get right before you
codify. We’re talking about to a large degree reinventing the technical stack.
What’s the difference you see in terms of the old issuance technology stack
versus how you see that new issuance stack in the future?



[00:22:44] **Rehan:**  I’m sure your audience is very well aware of the new
trading tokenization and ledger of stack. I’ll switch gears a bit on pre-
insurance, which is how does an issuer decide to come to the market?

The incumbent technology in that market is Word Doc and Excel. You don’t want
to discount the incumbency over there. They are very powerful incumbents and
for many good reasons, because deals are very nuanced. You get very nuanced
colors on complex credit deals that you can’t codify. We’re quite excited
about a lot of the new technologies that are being used in the pre-issuance
space. I’ll give you a couple of examples. One could be data extraction
technologies. How do you use optical character recognition or OCR, to be able
to extract certain closets? For example, if you’re a Korean issuer coming to
the market and you want to see what the last five Korean issuers have done in
terms of the risk factors. Today, it’s unfortunately some poor analyst sitting
out a DCM desk, going around different sites, trying to get the documents in
and wanting to control that search.

We actually find extraction technologies that I think have matured a fair bit,
given the library transition, which is where banks have many different library
loans that have migrated. We’re looking at some use cases for that to be used
for bonds.

There is, for example, in the repo market, a but removed from this
conversation, you tend to see bonds libraries being built out by industry
bodies such as ICMA. For us, a natural progression is that we trap bonds
libraries. We’re looking at some of that. Then when you look at going further
downstream from there, there’ll be some element of document templatization,
better sharing and collaboration tools on a single platform. One example I’ll
give you is CircleUp. Today, auditors go and mark big red circles on financial
statements. Could that be something that could be digitalized, and could you
point that to a source?

Again, a little bit removed from traditionally what I’m sure your guests talk
about on your webinars, but we are quite excited about the usage of that
technology.

Going further downstream, back in 2019 we were looking at enterprise wars.
There were a number of players that were in that space, each having a
different niche. We think that’s consulted at a fair bit. It’s a lot easier
to, if not pick a single winner, then at least pick two winners in that space.
That gives us a lot of comfort.

In a way, it’s good to be a slight later mover advantage when you’re looking
at downstream, because you can have your pick of the proven technologies.



[00:25:37] **Seamus:**  Fantastic ambitions. It sounds like the key success is
standardization. Obviously standards are about reaching consensus or building
an ecosystem around those standards. How is that ecosystem progressing on your
side?



[00:25:53] **Rehan:**  We think about ecosystem in two ways. The old method of
building a platform is: launch platform, do 30-page onboarding, get your
salespeople out there dialing, and just going out there and reaching out to
clients. We think that the new model is a little bit different. A very good
illustration is the partnerships that we forged with 10 financial institutions
as Marketnode, in late September.

We are very open to the fact that banks have a lot deeper relationships with
the corporate issuers than for example, today Marketnode does. We want to be
able to work with these banks to understand their pain points on upstream and
downstream – all the points I was mentioning earlier about legal
documentation. We think that working with these banks as partners and going to
issuers, is a lot more powerful than us being standalone.  That’s one element
of us looking at banks as key partners, sponsored access into key demographics
like the issuers.

The second that we see coming up from a distribution standpoint, us digital
exchanges. There’s a number of them in this region that generally look at
either private assets or bonds. If you think about Singapore as a
jurisdiction, a very technologically savvy jurisdiction, investment savvy as
well. Many of them may not want to be served by your private banking advisor.
They are much more comfortable with the digital technology, and they
understand the credits a lot as well because many of them work in the
financial landscape.

Those are two models that are coming up. We do expect to be partnering with a
few of these digital exchange as we launch our post-trade products out before
the middle of next year.



[00:27:44] **Seamus:**  As part of the launch, what are the critical next
steps for Marketnode?



[00:27:50] **Rehan:**  It’s purely adoption. I think the one milestone that
I’m very proud of is our ability to build a rock star team. Certainly, we
launched Marketnode, we were quite well known in the region, it’s helped bring
in some key players and key participants; a lot of interest in joining
Marketnode. That’s worked out quite well. I think our critical milestone will
be to deliver all of our partners what we promised them we would.

We’ve always told our banking partners that by Q2 of next year, we would have
the end-to-end. Whether they are looking at pre-issuance or post-trade or
looking at loans infrastructure, we would be able to serve them. That’s a
critical milestone for me to achieve, which is making good on the promises
that we’ve made to all of our partners.



[00:28:35] **Seamus:**  Clearly, Marketnode is highly strategic for Singapore.
Does that make it easier or harder to execute?



[00:28:41] **Rehan:**  It would make it no harder to execute, but I think we
need to zoom out a little bit. We have a lot of support here in Singapore, but
looking at us coming out of 18 months of lockdown now, what will be critical
for us is our ability to show that we can partner with international partners
in this space. For example, we’re speaking to some potential parties in the EU
and outside of the EU and the US. I think for us to deliver on that will be a
lot more important going forward. Certainly, Synchro has been extremely
supportive to us over the last year or so within our journey. The banks, the
financial institutions, the buy side, the regulators as well. But I think we
need to start thinking about how we partner internationally, to be part of
this digital market infrastructure that is pretty much at our doorstep.



[00:29:33] **Seamus:**  Very excited. We’re out of time. Any final comments,
or how can people connect with you?



[00:29:39] **Rehan:**  It is
[Rehan@marketnote.com](mailto:Rehan@marketnote.com). Please feel free to tag
me on the METACO post. Feel free to reach out to me. Always happy to speak
external partners, people who are interested in partnering with Marketnode,
people interested in working with Markets Note and working for Marketnode. I’m
on LinkedIn, please feel free to reach out as well. We’ll add something to
your show notes as well.



[00:30:09] **Seamus:**  It’s been a real pleasure. Thanks for the time, and
good luck with those next steps.



[00:30:15] **Rehan:**  And we’ll see you once again. Thank you.



[00:30:17] **Seamus:**  Look forward to it. Our next METACO Talks will be in
two weeks’ time. Until then, wish you all a great weekend. Stay informed at
[www.METACO.com/talks](http://www.metaco.com/talks). Thanks again, everybody.
See you next time.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Beyond bonds: opening a new world of asset classes on the blockchain Rehan
AHMED [METACO TALKS #27]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLhVq17wvOg)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLhVq17wvOg&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 31:41•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLhVq17wvOg "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QLhVq17wvOg), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

