s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Announcing our $5.7 Million Strategic Round

Oct 16, 2023

![squads-labs-solana-multisig-raises-5-million-strategic-round-raising-led-by-
placeholder-
vc](https://framerusercontent.com/images/Yyrc4dDy1S35PzAoAqgp18qL1A.png)

We're thrilled to announce that Squads Labs, the main contributor to Squads
Protocol, has raised a strategic round of funding in the amount of $5.7mln.
The round was led by Placeholder, with participation from 6th Man Ventures, L1
Digital, Solana Ventures, Multicoin Capital, Jump Crypto, Delphi Ventures,
Layer One Ventures and Everstake, as well as numerous angel investors
including but not limited to Anatoly Yakovenko (co-founder of Solana), Mert
Mumtaz (CEO of Helius Labs) and Lucas Bruder (CEO of Jito Labs). This round
brings our total funding to $12.5M to date. The fresh funds will be used to
expand support for institutional investors and crypto-native startups, develop
a mobile-first smart wallet and advance account abstraction on Solana.

Since launching in late 2021, developers have quickly converged on Squads as
the multisig standard in the Solana ecosystem. Squads Protocol v3 was the
first formally verified program on Solana, and today more than 100
teamsâincluding prominent projects like Helium, Jito, Drift, Marginfi,
Jupiter, Pyth, Tensor and moreârely on Squads to manage their team and
treasury assets, securing over $500 million in value. We have made tremendous
progress advancing self-custody in the Solana ecosystem, offering a formally
verified protocol with a suite of power tools specifically designed for
crypto-native teams and institutional investors.

We also recently released a major protocol upgrade - Squads Protocol v4, which
introduces several new features including time locks, spending limits, roles,
sub-accounts, fee relayer, multiple-party payments and support for address
lookup tables. The fourth version of the protocol was audited by Neodyme,
OtterSec and Trail of Bits prior to release and is currently in the process of
being formally verified by OtterSec and Certora. The Squads platform has also
been completely redesigned and updated with new features, including a light
theme, private interfaces, transaction simulations, verifiable builds and
more.

Finally, we just launched [SquadsX](https://squads.so/blog/squadsx-multisig-
extension-wallet-solana), a new Chrome-based browser extension that enables
teams to connect their multisigs to Solana dapps for the first time, solving
one of the largest pain points for the Solana ecosystem. Institutions can now
perform various on-chain strategies knowing their funds are protected by their
multisig setup. SquadsX joins our desktop and mobile applications as the
latest interface to the protocol. The SquadsX browser extension and the new
platform features are now available through Squads Pro, a subscription
tailored for advanced teams and priced at $399 per Squad a month. The core
Squads multisig wallet and base-level platform features will remain free for
Solana developers forever.

To learn more about the new Squads platform and v4, check out [our
announcement article](https://squads.so/blog/v4-and-new-squads-app).

  

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

**About Squads Protocol**

Squads is a multisig protocol that helps web3-native teams manage and secure
digital assets on-chain. Squads Protocol v3 is the first formally verified
program on Solana. Squads Protocol v4 introduces time locks, spending limits,
roles, sub-accounts, fee relayers, multiple-party payments, support for
SquadsX and more. Squads v4 has already been audited by Neodyme, OtterSec, and
Trail of Bits. It is currently undergoing two formal verifications, one by
OtterSec and the other by Certora. To learn more about Squads Protocol, please
visit <https://squads.so/protocol>

  

Continue reading

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

