  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[ZK-Rollups: Explained](/blog/zk-rollups-explained)

##### Blockchain

# ZK-Rollups: Explained

Published on: Apr 8, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are ZK-Rollups?**
  * **How do ZK-Rollups Work?**
  * **ZK-Rollups and Ethereum**
  * **Pros and Cons of ZK-Rollups**
  * **How to Buy Ethereum (ETH) Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Unlock Ethereum's scalability with ZK-Rollups. Learn how this innovative
solution optimizes transactions.

![ZK-Rollups: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzk_rollups_explained_69f19f8efc.png&w=3840&q=75)

Ethereum's potential is vast, but transaction speeds can be slow and costly.
Enter ZK-Rollups, a revolutionary layer 2 scaling solution that revolutionizes
the way you interact with Ethereum. This innovative technology promises
faster, cheaper, and more efficient transactions, all without compromising
security.

Let’s explore the inner workings of ZK-Rollups, discover how they're paving
the way for a smoother and more scalable future for
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet).

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What are ZK-Rollups?

Zero-Knowledge Rollups, or ZK-Rollups, are a revolutionary Ethereum scaling
solution. By bundling transactions into batches and executing them off-chain,
ZK-Rollups reduce the data that needs to be posted on the blockchain.

Operators submit summarized changes instead of individual transactions,
accompanied by validity proofs ensuring the accuracy of these changes.
Crucially, ZK-Rollups maintain their state through a smart contract on
Ethereum, requiring validity proofs for state updates. This approach minimizes
delays in fund transfers to Ethereum, unlike optimistic rollups. ZK-Rollups
employ data compression techniques to optimize on-chain data publication,
ultimately reducing fees for users while maintaining transparency and
security.

### Before We Get Started

Before we explore ZK-Rollups in more detail, it’s important to remember that
you can buy Ethereum using [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto).

Did you know that you can use Trust Wallet as your secure [Ethereum
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet)? You can download Trust
Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust Wallet Extension for your
desktop browser.

![zk-rollups-explained-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzk_rollups_explained_2_71c95e8f73.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How do ZK-Rollups Work?

ZK-rollups tackle the limitations of Ethereum by bundling transactions.
Imagine them as an express lane for transactions, speeding things up without
compromising security. Here's how it works:

### Batching Transactions Off-Chain

ZK-rollups group a large number of transactions together and process them off-
chain, meaning outside the main Ethereum blockchain. This reduces the amount
of data cluttering the main chain.

### Validity Proofs for Efficiency

Instead of sending every single transaction individually to the main chain,
ZK-rollup operators submit a condensed summary of the changes required for the
entire batch. They also generate cryptographic proofs, called validity proofs,
that guarantee the accuracy of these changes.

### Smart Contracts

A smart contract deployed on the Ethereum network acts as the ZK-rollup's
control center, maintaining its current state. To update this state, ZK-rollup
operators must submit a validity proof for verification by the smart contract.

### Faster Transactions

Unlike optimistic rollups (another scaling solution), ZK-rollups don't require
a waiting period for finalizing transactions on Ethereum. Once the validity
proof is verified by the smart contract, the transactions are considered
final, allowing for faster movement of funds between the ZK-rollup and
Ethereum.

### Data Compression for Lower Fees

ZK-rollups write transaction data to the Ethereum blockchain as calldata,
which is a specific area for data used in smart contract calls. To minimize
calldata and reduce fees for users, ZK-rollups employ compression techniques.
For instance, they might represent accounts with an index instead of their
full addresses, saving a significant amount of data.

In essence, ZK-rollups offer a powerful combination of speed, security, and
cost-efficiency for Ethereum transactions. By processing transactions off-
chain and using validity proofs, they ensure a smooth and scalable future for
the Ethereum network.

## ZK-Rollups and Ethereum

While ZK-rollups process transactions off-chain for speed and efficiency, they
rely on Ethereum's robust security for final settlement and other crucial
functions. Here's how Ethereum safeguards ZK-rollups:

### Data Availability

ZK-rollups publish essential data for every processed transaction onto
Ethereum. This data, stored as calldata, allows anyone to reconstruct the ZK-
rollup's state and verify the chain independently. This transparency is
crucial for preventing censorship and ensuring trust in the system.

### Transaction Finality

Ethereum acts as the final executor for ZK-rollup transactions. Only when the
on-chain contract accepts the validity proof is a transaction considered
finalized. This eliminates the risk of malicious actors tampering with the ZK-
rollup, as all transactions require Ethereum's approval. Additionally,
Ethereum guarantees the immutability of finalized transactions, preventing
them from being reversed.

### Censorship Resistance

While most ZK-rollups rely on operators to execute transactions and submit
them to layer 1, this setup introduces a potential risk – censorship. A
malicious operator could block user transactions. To counter this, ZK-rollups
allow users to submit transactions directly to the rollup contract on the
mainnet if they suspect censorship. This empowers users to bypass the operator
and force an exit from the ZK-rollup back to Ethereum.

ZK-rollups leverage Ethereum's security blanket for final settlement, data
availability, and censorship resistance. This powerful partnership between on-
chain and off-chain functionalities paves the way for a more scalable and
secure future for Ethereum.

## Pros and Cons of ZK-Rollups

### Pros of ZK-Rollups

  * Validity proofs guarantee the accuracy of off-chain transactions and prevent operators from executing invalid state changes.

  * Transaction finality is accelerated as state updates are confirmed once validity proofs are authenticated on L1.

  * Security relies on trustless cryptographic mechanisms rather than the integrity of incentivized actors as seen in optimistic rollups.

  * Essential data to restore the off-chain state is stored on L1, ensuring security, resistance to censorship, and decentralization.

  * Users enjoy increased capital efficiency and prompt withdrawal of funds from L2.

  * There is no reliance on liveness assumptions, and users are not obligated to validate the chain for fund protection.

  * Improved data compression can aid in reducing Ethereum calldata publishing costs and minimizing rollup fees for users.

### Cons of ZK-Rollups

  * The computational and verification costs associated with validity proofs are significant and can lead to higher fees for rollup users.

  * Creating EVM-compatible ZK-rollups is challenging due to the intricate nature of zero-knowledge technology.

  * Generating validity proofs necessitates specialized hardware, fostering centralized control of the chain by a minority of parties.

  * Centralized operators (sequencers) may exert influence over transaction sequencing.

  * Hardware prerequisites might limit the number of participants capable of driving chain progression, heightening the risk of malicious operators freezing the rollup's state and censoring users.

  * Some proving systems (e.g., ZK-SNARK) necessitate a trusted setup that, if mismanaged, could compromise the security model of a ZK-rollup.

## How to Buy Ethereum (ETH) Using Trust Wallet

You can [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), including
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), using Trust Wallet, via
our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Ethereum” or “ETH” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of ETH you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![zk-rollups-explained-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzk_rollups_explained_1_05c753f41e.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

ZK-Rollups are a game-changer for Ethereum scaling. By combining the security
of the Ethereum blockchain with the efficiency of off-chain processing, ZK-
Rollups pave the way for a future of Ethereum

While ZK-Rollup technology is still under development, the potential is
undeniable. As research and development progress, we can expect even faster
processing times, lower fees, and more user-friendly ZK-Rollup solutions.

Remember that in addition to Ethereum, Trust Wallet lets you manage and
interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest
version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

