[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Optimism wallet

## The right hardware wallet for your Optimism

Looking for a Optimism Wallet to buy and store your Optimism? Join 6+ million
customers who trust Ledger hardware wallets to securely store their crypto and
use them on the day-to-day basis.

  * __ Mobile & Desktop App
  * __ Secured by Hardware Wallet

Secure your Optimism

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![Optimism wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/10/hero-visual-2.webp)

Ledger Secured Solution

###  How to secure your Optimism ?

Whether you’re looking to keep your crypto safe for long-term or manage them
on a daily basis, **Ledger has the right product for you.**

[Get a Ledger wallet](https://shop.ledger.com)

Ledger hardware wallet

[**Ledger hardware wallet**](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-
wallets) stores your private keys and signs transactions offline, making them
resistant to **malicious attacks and threats**. Pair the Ledger crypto wallet
with Ledger Live App to manage your Optimism on the go.

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PHBhdGggZD0iTTI4LjM2IDIwLjQ4bDcuMjQtNy4yNEwyOC4zNiA2bC0uOTIuOTIgMi44IDIuNzZjLjkyLjk2IDEuOTIgMS45MiAyLjg4IDIuODhINnYxLjM2aDI3LjE2Yy0xIC45Ni0xLjk2IDEuOTItMi45MiAyLjg4bC0yLjggMi43Ni45Mi45MnpNNC40IDI2Ljc2TDExLjY0IDM0bC45Mi0uOTItMi44LTIuOGMtLjkyLS45Mi0xLjkyLTEuOTItMi44OC0yLjg0SDM0di0xLjM2SDYuODhjLjk2LS45NiAxLjk2LTEuOTIgMi44OC0yLjg4bDIuOC0yLjgtLjkyLS44OC03LjI0IDcuMjR6IiBmaWxsPSIjQjM4MEREIi8+PC9zdmc+)

Ledger Live App

[**Ledger Live App**](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) is a gateway to
manage your assets, checking your real-time balance, tracking transaction
histories, and more.

### How to get a Optimism wallet?

1

![Get a Ledger Nano](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Get-a-Ledger.webp)

#### Get a Ledger Nano

Select and purchase a Ledger hardware wallet of your choice.

  * Beginner in the crypto world? Get started with Ledger Nano S Plus. 
  * Prefer a Bluetooth connection? Try with Ledger Nano X.

[Get Ledger Nano](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)

2

![Download Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Install-Ledger-Live.webp)

#### Download Ledger Live

Download and install the Ledger Live app in a couple of clicks on desktop and
mobile.

Coupled with a Ledger, it makes the most secured wallet for your Optimism.

Download the app __

[ __Windows app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win "Windows app") [
__Mac app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac "Mac app") [ __Linux
app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux "Linux app")

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-
UK_RGB_blk_092917@2x.png)
](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/google-play-
badge@2x.png) ](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/)

3

![Start your Optimism journey securely](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Add-coins-to-your-portfolio.webp)

#### Start your Optimism journey securely

Add a Optimism account with a couple of clicks. Choose among different
providers and easily manage your Optimism.

And not only Optimism. With Ledger Live, you can manage thousands of crypto
and a large variety of NFTs.

### Buy, Manage, and Swap Optimism at your fingertips

![Manage your Optimism](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Manage your Optimism

With Ledger Live coupled with a Ledger, you can:

  * Securely execute transactions by physically validating them with your Ledger Hardware Wallet
  * Manage your Optimism as well as thousands of other crypto assets
  * Track your portfolio

*Buy, send/receive, swap, stake, and other crypto transaction services are provided by third-parties provider, which availability may vary based on jurisdiction/territory.

![Buy Optimism](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/buy-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Buy Optimism

You can easily buy Optimism with a credit/debit card or bank transfer. Choose
from a range of service providers (Paypal, Ramp, MoonPay, Sardine…) and select
the option that works best for you.

Your Optimism will land safely in your Ledger Optimism Wallet.

[Buy Optimism](https://www.ledger.com/buy)

![Swap Optimism](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Swap-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Swap Optimism

Swapping allows you to explore different crypto assets, protect your Optimism
from volatility, and diversify your portfolio.

You can easily swap Optimism through Ledger Live without using fiat
currencies.

[Swap Optimism](/swap)

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-
crypto-assets.webp)

## The best Optimism hardware wallet

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")

__________4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews

The perfect crypto wallet to start securely managing your Optimism.

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X")

__________4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled Optimism
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/stax.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable Optimism wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

### Choice of 6,000,000+ customers

Bertil A.

___________5/5_

In order to secure cryptocurrencies, Ledger is the perfect tool.

Kevin L.

___________5/5_

Simply a very elegant peace of hardware, with a gorgeous UI in the app.

James P.

___________5/5_

ALL is good, all legal resources bought was as specified and compliant, party
on.

[Read more reviews](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x#reviews
"Read more reviews")

### What is Optimism?

Optimism, a layer 2 scaling solution, seeks to enhance Ethereum’s scalability
by operating as an auxiliary protocol layered atop Ethereum’s blockchain.
Functioning as a second layer, it operates above the foundational layer 1
blockchain of Ethereum.

True to its name, Optimism embodies an optimistic rollup approach, where
transactions conducted on Optimism are promptly authorized. This occurs
without the need for pre-transaction verification, enabling users to
experience lightning-fast transaction processing.

### Cryptocurrencies similar to Optimism supported by our hardware wallet

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/01/token-
logo.png) Mantle ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/mantle) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/05/immutableX-
symbol-BLK-RGB.png) ImmutableX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/immutable-x) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/05/Arbitrum-logo.png) Arbitrum
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/arbitrum) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/LRC.png) Loopring
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/loopring) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/matic-token-icon.png) Polygon
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/matic-network)

### Securely manage, buy, swap, and stake 5.500+ coins

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Helium_HNT.png) Helium
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/helium) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/PIVX-Shield.png) PIVX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/pivx) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/V-65_xQ1_400x400.jpeg) Axelar
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/axelar) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/IOTA_Swirl.png) IOTA
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/iota) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/UUSD-1.jpg) USDD
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/usdd) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/03/dydx.png) dYdX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/dydx-chain) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/WeChat_Image_20220118095654.png) OKB
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/okb) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/wbt_token.png) WhiteBIT Token
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/whitebit) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/digibyte.png) DigiByte
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/digibyte)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/crypto-
page/faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__How to secure Optimism tokens?

When you first buy asset, you’re issued with two keys: public and private.

  * A public key serves as an address that can be shared with other parties to perform transactions.
  * A private key represents a randomly generated number that signs transactions and protects your assets from malicious attacks. If it gets compromised or lost, you won’t be able to access your wallet to spend, withdraw, or transfer your cryptocurrencies.

To safeguard and keep track of your keys, you can use online or offline
wallets. Online wallets, also known as hot wallets, store private keys on
systems or devices that are connected to the internet. Hot wallets are easy
and convenient to use, however, they come with several drawbacks. Besides
being susceptible to attacks and a honeypot for hackers, with hot wallets, the
custody of private keys is often entrusted to a third party such as a crypto
exchange, which means you never have full control over your funds. The safer
choice are specialized hardware wallets that store private keys offline.
Stealing private keys from a hardware wallet would require physical access to
the wallet and corresponding PIN or the recovery phrase. What’s more, with
hardware wallet, you don’t need to rely on third party custodians.

__Can Ledger Nano wallet protect my Optimism coins?

Ledger Nano is the industry-leading hardware wallet. With more than five
million customers, Ledger Nano wallets have several layers of security that
protect private keys, and hence your assets:

  * Your private keys are stored on secure element chips.
  * A PIN code and a 24-word recovery phrase are required to access the wallet.
  * Ledger Nano wallets have been built using highly durable materials for protection against physical damage.

With full isolation between private keys and your computer/mobile, Ledger Nano
cryptocurrency wallets keep your keys secure and give you complete control
over your coins.

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-
crypto-wallet)

[What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-
to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-
difference)

[Hardware Wallets Vs Cold Wallets: What’s the
Difference?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-
whats-the-difference)

__Read

4 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

