Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

Metaco Talks Ep. 40

# Practitioner’s view: digital asset business models for banks and corporates

**Recording and transcript from live event on 27th of July 2023 | 16.00 CEST | 10.00 EDT | 22.00 SGT. **For this episode we were joined by [David Creer](https://www.linkedin.com/in/davidcreer/), Global DLT & Crypto Lead at GFT.   
**Topics discussed**

– Real-world digital asset use cases from banks and corporates  
– Technological, operating and implementation models  
– How to get to market fast

  * __

July 27, 2023

  *  __45 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue

See video recordingRead transcript

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fdigital-assets-banks-corporates-david-creer-gft%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fdigital-assets-banks-corporates-david-creer-gft%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

## Play video recording

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/mt-template-speaker-
li-1200x628-2.png?x88149)

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/untitled-650--650-px-2-640x640.png?x88149)

Speaker

David brings a nearly two-decade experience working in corporate innovation
teams, and more recently on DLT and blockchain related enterprise projects. He
has a wealth of first-hand information in all emerging technologies (Cloud,
AI, DLT etc.) and expertly knows how these can be applied to a number of
industry specific verticals. David is a global leader in the Enterprise DLT
field, being heavily involved in the both the strategy defining and technical
implementation of banking and enterprise projects. David is also a thought
leader in the space and a prolific speaker on digital assets and blockchain.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/gft-logo.png?x88149)

David Creer

Global DLT & Crypto Lead at GFT

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/seamus-donoghue-webinar.png?x88149)

Host

Seamus has extensive domain expertise in investment banking, wealth
management, commodities and crypto markets that spans market structure,
regulations and technology. He spent 20 years building and managing trading
operations across all the global financial centres with JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, Barclays and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Seamus Donoghue

Chief Growth Officer

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

## Full transcript

 _*Disclaimer: The accuracy of this transcript is not guaranteed. This is not
investment advice, and any opinions expressed here are the sole opinions of
the individuals, not of the institutions they represent._

[00:00:11] **Seamus:** Welcome to the 40th episode of METACO Talks. In this
episode we’re focusing on real-life examples of digital asset use cases and
business models in the banking and corporate world. For this, we are joined by
David Creer, who leads the DLT in crypto practice. GFT is a digital
transformation pioneer that develops enterprise solutions and is a METACO
partner that delivers end-to-end and efficient institutional digital asset
custody, and tokenization solutions for banks and corporates globally. That’s
a mouthful.

David brings a nearly two-decade experience in corporate innovation teams, and
has a wealth of firsthand information from DLT and blockchain related
enterprises projects across a number of industries. David, welcome, great to
have you here.

[00:00:54] **David:** Thanks, Seamus.

[00:00:55] **Seamus:** It’d be great to hear as usual your journey, how you
got into this space, and also to tell us a bit about GFT for those who are not
familiar with the organization.

[00:01:07] **David:** Yeah, thanks. Really happy to be here, it’s really great
to be on this talk. We watched a lot of them, so they’re really good to be
speaking at.

How did I get into the DLT and crypto space? When I joined GFT, which about
seven years or so ago, I was basically working as a capital markets innovation
lead. I was working around any innovative projects for financial services, but
specifically focused in on capital markets out of Spain where our innovation
lab is, and a lot of the time working with the city, working with Germany and
also New York as well.

I was covering all technologies. I was covering cloud, I was covering AI, I
was covering DLT and crypto. At that point in time it just happens to be
almost like blockchain 2.0 smart contract revolution. There was a person who
was sitting here in London, I’m actually an assist today, who was quite
inspired by this, by what smart contracts could do and how they could
revolutionize capital markets. He decided that he wanted to start doing this
and he was using that to be able to get his contacts going and get the first
projects that we had. That was in 2013, 2014.

I was just lucky enough to be in that innovation technical consultant role at
that point in time. Previously it was more on the engineering side, and very
much involved in the first projects that we had. From there I just got the
bug, just really enjoyed it and saw that there was immense potential in this.
It is a very much an untapped area as well.

I started working there. At that point in time, probably up until maybe about
2018 or so I pretty much involved in all of the projects at GFT in some way,
shape or form. Now in GFT we’re doing probably about eight or nine ongoing DLT
projects. Of those ongoing eight or nine, maybe I’m involved with two or three
of them. Even at early stage sales.

We’ve grown a lot over the years and very happy to have been part of that
journey. I think part of it is luck, and part of it is what you do, how you
make that luck. Happy to be in the right place at the right time.

GFT I suppose more generally we’re a technology services company. We provide
value added services for our clients, and do a lot of technology consultancy.
We’re doing a lot of development work, but also we can do technical
architecture. We can do design and delivery. We can do all the maintenance and
support afterwards. We typically work with financial services institutions, so
all of the tier banks are our clients. We also work with a lot of exchanges,
asset managers, and so on and so forth. But we also work with quite a few
industry players and things like automotive as well. I might touch on that a
little bit later.

We are 10,000 people worldwide. We’re not one of the big four or whatever, but
we’re definitely quite a significant organization and can scale to be able to
deliver for things.

We have a big focus on innovation. When I started the GFT was really very much
a delivery place with an innovation lab. I was very lucky to start in that
innovation lab. Then in the last seven or eight years since I started at GFT,
innovation has become one of the core parts of our business. Our cloud, our
AI, our DLT and our blockchain offerings are something that we go to clients
with. That’s a big differentiator for us, especially some of the more mature
areas like data and cloud, for example, which were part of the innovation lab
when I joined. They’re part of the core offering now and a significant part of
our revenue.

We think about the future, we think about where technology is going, how that
affects our clients, and then we go and build stuff for clients based around
that. That’s what we do, and that’s how I started.

[00:05:34] **Seamus:** Super intro. For you as an engineer turned consultant,
it was, as you say, in the right place at the right time over the last seven,
eight years. It’s notable that you’ve been working with us or our clients for
the last, I think five plus years.

What are the changes you’ve observed in the space in terms of the shift in
focus, utility approach? Because you have a lot more context than most to
comment on that, I think.

[00:05:56] **David:** Yeah. I think there’s been a big shift in focus from
let’s say experimentation. It’s taken a long time to get out of that
experimentation and into thinking about live projects. A lot of our clients
now are actually not even bothering to think about experimentation. The
experimentation is basically done on a theoretical level. There’s very little
POCs going on, especially in the big financial services institutions. What
they want to do is they want to get something and put it live and then get the
value from it.

It’s been quite good that there’s not so much buzz around crypto, to be honest
with you. The crypto winter and also the rise of AI and so on and so forth has
meant that people can get projects done, and there’s less random, oh, let’s
just go and put blockchain in there, which I always thought was not really a
good approach.

The other thing was that people have changed as well. In inside of these big
corporations, we found when we started that we were going in and we were
speaking to them around blockchain DLT, and often it was a case that we were
very much more informed than the people that were actually in these big banks
and organizations. They didn’t have big teams. There was maybe like one
person, usually in the CIO or the CTO office, that was quite involved in DLT
and crypto. They would be given this thing, but actually they didn’t really
necessarily have experts. We came in and we helped them to be able to design
and develop their solutions.

Now all of the large financial services institutions and a lot of the smaller
financial services institutions have matured in the way that they think about
it and the way they staff their innovation labs to have specialists. This is
not just in the financial service institutions itself, but also in the
regulators, and also in other governing bodies as well. For example the BIS,
we worked with BIS for quite a long time. A lot of people that are now in the
BIS are people that came from Circle or came from other crypto backed
industries. This is a very traditional financial service institution.

We also see that people are thinking less about the technology and thinking
about more about the problems as well. Often when we go in now we don’t have
to explain what is blockchain, what are the benefits of blockchain, what is a
smart contract, what is a transaction? Now it seems that most people at least
in the technical teams, but also on the business side teams, know this. Now
we’re talking about, what is the problem that you’re facing? And how can we
work around this to be able to share, to be able to work out on specific
solutions to that?

That makes sense. That’s quite good, and that makes our life a lot easier
really. I think that’s been a big change.

[00:09:16] **Seamus:** We’ve described a long journey, and we’ve come a long
way. But as you said, it sounds like we’re still very early in that journey
despite how far we’ve come.

Given that shift you’ve described from technology to use case or from
technology to opportunity, where do you see the highest-level adoption? What
are the use cases there they’re focusing on, looking across different segments
that you cover?

[00:09:38] **David:** I would say that we’re very early on still. We’re really
like 1% adoption, maybe not even that. I think we’re very early stage. I think
we’re getting things to production, which is good, but we are not fully
adopting the technology. Because the way that I see this technology is that
this technology could underpin the internet of the future potentially. It
could also underpin, for example interactions in smart cities or your digital
passports or whatever it is. We’re a long way away from being at the level of
which it’s actually underpinning the majority of transactions that we do.

In an DL Maximist way of thinking about how can we actually leverage this
technology to be able to enhance the security of transactional of any
transactional process, I think that we are not very far along in that journey.
I think it depends on which area you’re looking at. I think the financial
services industries have been the area which has most evolved. That’s
obviously because of the fact that they want to be able to provide new
services to their clients, and they want to be able to also to a certain
extent, future proof themselves against competition from other types of
organizations as well.

If you think about the way that you have the open market on the crypto side,
and then you have the financial services integrated in the financial services
industry, it’s clear that the banks need to also offer similar services that a
decentralized exchange might offer, for example. They have to protect
themselves to be able to do that. They have been very forward thinking in the
way that they have approached this, when you compare them to an industry
player or something like that.

There are some significant things that need to happen if they want to use DLT
and smart contracts and blockchain to be able to completely move away from the
current model though. A lot of the time when we were going into financial
service institutions, we were speaking about, Hey, you could replace your
ledger. I think this is the ultimate goal a lot of the time when you think
about banks, is how do we reimagine the ledger? How could we reimagine how we
interact for the settlement process, for example.

But to be able to do that at a large institution and to be able to change all
of the interaction points that has with all the other different systems, and
convert all of those across to a DLT smart contract based system, that a huge
systematic change. We are at probably the start of that where bits of it are
getting changed, but not the whole thing. The idea of taking away all of that
and replumbing the whole thing, getting into a DLT smart contracts system, is
probably too difficult.

But you do have some interesting advances, especially in the security space
where they have managed to build these kinds of smart contract enabled
exchanges, this like D7 from Deutsche Börse, where they have managed to but
these kinds of exchanges and actually use that as a plumbing and have an
alternative which is quicker, more efficient, better. They can say, actually
if we do use this system then we’re going to get these benefits from it. I
think that’s really important.

Don’t take the big picture view, because that will probably never happen. Try
and do something that you can use on the side and then show the value from it,
and eventually you’ll probably move over to the new thing.

The other thing is that we have different types of organizations doing
different things. The large established banks are very much on the road to
production. They’re thinking about global infrastructure, they’re thinking
about the long-term thing. Some of them have hundreds of people working on
these projects, and they’re doing it across different areas as well. Some of
them are working in fx, a lot of them work in securities, asset management,
whatever. But if you compare them to, for example, challenger banks, some of
the challenger banks are thinking about it in a very different way. They are
thinking about, how do we diversify the type of products that we can offer?
How do we create something that’s maybe a little bit more like a DeFi product?

Again, some of the smaller asset managers and even some of the bigger asset
managers and the wealth managers, even the private banks, they are thinking
about how to produce different products for the market. But maybe for a very
large systemic bank it might be difficult for them to be able to get something
bigger off the ground like that because that would be a big change for them.

I think the other thing that’s interesting is that outside of the financial
services area, as I said before, we’re getting more traction and just
generally. So things like supply chain, automobile, even treasury, people are
taking Bitcoin or Ethereum, and being able to make payments through that.
Taking the Bitcoin effort onto their books. I don’t think we’re quite there
yet with that. I think that we’ve got a few very brave companies that are
going out and doing that, but I don’t think we’re a million miles away from
that being a reality. I think that it’s completely possible, because it’s
really just an accounting and technology change. It’s a change of shift in the
way that people are thinking about things.

From an integration point of view and from a migration point of view, it’s not
that big a change to be able to say, Hey, look, we also support payment in
crypto.

Those are the things that I’m seeing. I think we’re probably going to see a
lot of new products coming to market and probably things that we haven’t even
thought about. That’s the beauty of smart contracts, is that you can think
about different models and different ways of working and different products.
I’m sure we’re going to see more of that.

[00:16:13] **Seamus:** No doubt that’s true. Going back to your comment about
how we’re still early, let’s stick to banks for a second. You mentioned the
larger banks or initiatives like the D7. What sounds like a simple problem is
resolving ledgers in the organization and focusing on ledgers. But it sounds
simple and it sounds, the objective is great, you simplify a single source of
truth. But I was speaking to one large bank last week, and just a single
division in their security services division, they had 75 different ledgers.

I think it’d be interesting to talk a little bit given of experience with
different types of banks, how do you get started? That sounds like a simple
objective, but it sounds like a Herculean task when you’ve got 75 ledgers and
you’re trying to have one ledger to rule them all. How do you start? What are
the milestones dependency to go to market to commercialize this stuff? Or is
that even the point, commercialized, or is it just about cost reduction?

[00:17:09] **David:** That’s a really good question, and it’s a real challenge
for these banks, not just in the DLT and crypto space, but just in general. To
be able to manage all of the systems that they have, and make sure that all of
these systems are connected and that any new thing that you’re trying to
introduce does not have a negative impact on all the systems that are already
running. You can’t break what you have. That’s right, you’ve still got to
carry on with the day-to-day business.

You talked about 75 ledgers, but actually you have maybe 300 systems. Some of
these are external systems as well. That complexity, you will never get rid of
100%. But I would almost twist this round sometimes, because when you think
about the 300 systems that you have to maintain and keep, then you have to
reconcile all the data across all of these systems.

Reconciling the data across 70 ledgers or 70 different data sets is very
difficult because you have to wait until the end of day, you’ve got to bring
all the information, you’ve got to understand where your data’s coming from,
understand where the position is at and who has the responsibility in the
operations role to be able to basically deal with any issue is if there is any
issue. These reconciliation processes take hours to be able to do, because a
lot of the time you’re talking about legacy software that is not quick to be
able to do reconciliation.

That’s become better because of technology. A lot of the time now they’re
extracting data from legacy, putting it onto new systems, and then they’re
doing the reconciliation. They still have to extract that data, there’s no way
around that. They have to get it somehow, and it takes time. That is time that
can’t be used for trading and therefore we’re losing money because we can’t do
24-hour trading like you can with crypto.

I would say that yes, it’s a big challenge, and yes, you have to plan to be
able to deploy into production and change the way that you’re working,
especially for a settlement system to move over to smart contracts. But the
benefits are that you will have something which is more secure and you’ll have
the golden source of truth that all of the other systems can use. At the end
of the day, the reconciliation process won’t potentially even be necessary. It
might be necessary in some places, but not across the board because you should
know that as a consumer of the ledger, of the DLT, that this is where the
position is at when you’re making the trade. That’s really important.

The other thing is about risk. When you’re talking about bringing any of these
things to production, you have to think about risk. Risk is really important.
This is something that, when working in the innovation lab a lot of people
don’t really think about how the risk of working with particular technology,
bringing a new project to light, the effect of using a new type of currency
would have on the original business, for example, and this means in terms of
the financial risk as well. Not even just the technical reputational risk of
the bank, but also the financial risk of maybe using some of these cryptos,
for example.

The interesting thing is there’s really good risk people now that are working
with these large institutions. They are taking it upon themselves to make
bulletproof de-risked solutions so that when they do go live and they do go to
production, there’s no complications and issues with them, that maybe there
would be if you didn’t have actual risk specialists in the crypto area. That’s
something that’s quite new. That’s something that we are seeing. You always
have risk people involved, but they weren’t crypto risk people. Now there’s
quite a few crypto risk people who are really good. I think the large banks
are looking at that.

A lot of the challenger banks and the asset managers and all of these guys,
for them it’s a little bit easier because they have a ledger. They might have
a handful of systems, maybe 20 systems, something like that, that they link
into. But it’s a lot easier for them to be able to get something off the
ground. Therefore, they can move a lot quicker as well. I think we’re seeing a
lot more interesting new types of tokenization coming from these challenger
banks, new types of products, all of that stuff. Also from the small private
wealth banks as well. Even if they’re spinoffs of some of the bigger banks,
they can just move a lot more quickly. They have also an appetite from their
clients to be doing new things in this area as well, including new products
and adding more to that portfolio.

I think we are seeing more movement from the private wealth asset managers and
challenger crypto banks. But the big banks will do it, but it just is more
complicated.

[00:22:49] **Seamus:** I think the key theme you touched on is, and I think
this goes back to how although it’s still early we’ve matured a lot, is that
this asset class and this technology is not going away and it can no longer be
treated as experiment outside the norms that the bank has to comply with
otherwise. Not it has to be fully integrated, as you said. While the risk and
control processes, there’s no exception because it’s shiny and new. Basically
it needs to have the same rigorous compliance that you would expect across the
rest of the bank, which is good. Some friction I suppose for those that want
to move fast and break things, but that’s the nature of the beast in financial
markets.

You’ve talked about the stages of adoption of different segments. It might be
fun just to put some numbers on these, to make it more concrete. If we looked
at the different stages of DLT digital assets in terms of percentages by
segment, where do you think the most mature? If we look at live commercial
offering and production prototyping, you say nobody wants to do POCs anymore,
but we see a little bit of it still, business case creation or still
interested but not doing anything or not interested at all. If we look at,
let’s say, live commercial offering production, what percentage do we look
across financial markets, banks in specific? What percentage do you think are
live now?

[00:24:01] **David:** I think live production, maybe about 30% or something
like that. I don’t think we’re much more than that.

I think banks are planning to do much more, and I think regulation is allowing
them to maybe do much more in the future. This year and next year will be a
big change actually for what’s going on. We’ve seen a lot more movement in the
large financial services institutions.

I think at this point in time, it’s probably about 30%. It is positive,
because there’s been people that have been working since 2014, 2015 on
bringing things to production, and those have come to fruition. That’s not
everything, but that is quite a lot of projects. I don’t think people quite
appreciate that. I think that people still think that we’re in the
experimentation phase, whereas actually we’re not.

Then prototyping and POC, I think there’s a lot going on. I think this is
maybe another 30%, maybe a bit more than that. Maybe 40%. But a lot of that is
building up to things which are going into production next year or the year
after. I think we are still, maybe I should eat my words a little bit here, I
think we are still prototyping and we are still building POCs. But they’re not
POCs to, they’re not exactly POCs. They’re more for the sake of POCs. We’re
not experimenting anymore. We’re actually building MVPs or prototypes to be
able to evaluate it from a business point of view, not to see whether it’s
possible, because we all know that a token is possible. We all know that we
have a secondary market, the public blockchain networks. We all know that we
can do DeFi products and we all know how they work. None of this is unknown
anymore.

A lot of the time that we work with other innovation companies, and often they
come in and say, let’s do something on an innovation budget. My thing is, is
this really innovation? Because most of the time we’re just doing something
which has already been done in previous areas. There are some things like ZK-
rollups or maybe stuff with the metaverse or maybe things around different
ways that you could be dealing with your keys, for example, which are very
innovative and futuristic. But the actual use cases which you use on top of
them are often not innovation in its own. They’re not research and development
in the way that they were maybe five years ago. I think that we’re prototyping
and we’re building POCs, but most of that is going towards production.

Then business case creation, I would say that most banks are doing this. I
don’t think there’s any banks that are not interested at all. Every bank is
doing a bit of dabbling. Like what would we do if, how do we do this? Most
banks are taking it to that next level of looking at the different stages of
what would it look like if we did do this as well from a investment project
planning, just purely operational and functional perspective as well? I would
say that there’s probably another good 40% of banks that are just
whiteboarding it, trying to figure out what is our plan and our strategy for
this? What are the next movers?

But it depends on the market. It depends on the regulators and on the market.
In Germany, we’re a German company, all of the German banks practically are
now moving forward with this, and have been for the past year or so, because
the regulators made it very clear that they were going to be giving out crypto
licenses. Therefore they can go and get licenses to be able to run their
crypto. Banks, without going into the details of what you have to do to be
able to do that, that gives them the green light to be able to do this.
Therefore they can start to work in public networks. They can start to have
crypto banks for their clients.

But if you compare that to some other countries, they just don’t have that
clarity right from the regulator. There’s a lot of countries that are in
between; I would say that the majority of countries are in between. When we
get more clarity from the regulator and we get more regulations that are in
place, like Mika will be in place next year, which has been a good thing for
all the European countries, if we can have clear regulation and put that into
place, then most of the banks are going to prototyping and projects in the
end. It’s more about clarity of regulation than the tech worry, I would say.

[00:29:35] **Seamus:** That’s great to hear, because I think in 2018 when some
of the projects we were jointly involved with, they were implementing
Harmonize and implementing our solution, which was not called Harmonize at the
time, but it’s now called Harmonize, they were pioneers to the degree they
were taking some career risk and in this space. Whereas now where you’ve
described particularly places like Germany or those markets where there’s
clear regulation coming, it is career risk not being involved in the space,
because it is no longer on the fringe. It’s front and centre for many reasons.

We’ve talked a lot about banks, but you also alluded earlier to the non-
financial and what they’re doing. I keep thinking particularly in the context
of the US, there’s been a lot of concerns about the lack of regulation at
other markets. It’s evolving quicker, let’s say. But across the board, for
non-financial to get involved there’s potentially an opportunity because
they’re not encumbered by the same regulatory constraints that a bank might
be. What activity you seeing there? Is that a fair assumption that the
unregulated space potentially can move quicker and seize opportunities in this
space? That the banks might need to take a much longer horizon?

[00:30:42] **David:** This is almost another talk. I think it depends on the
industry. For example pharma, there’s lots of regulation. There’s lots of
regulation around the processes in which you make the pharmaceuticals, around
the ways in which the pharmaceuticals are handled, around all of the processes
and how you get access to it, all of these kinds of things. Pharma, I think is
highly regulated. But then you have other things like manufacturing, we do
have regulation, but the regulation isn’t quite as full on. I think trying to
put them all into one area is difficult. But you’re definitely right about the
fact that certain industries like manufacturing are probably a little bit less
regulated and therefore can move a little bit more quickly.

I would say that certainly what we’re seeing is a lot of stuff around retail,
pharma, and probably automobile. I think those are also the areas where we’re
seeing in general more focus on the use of technology, trying to push
technology in general to be able to get better efficiencies, get new things
out to their clients, etc.

I think that we will probably have more of that in the future. I think that
we’re going to see more things that will affect the end users, not just people
in who are using banks or financial traders or whatever. But actually Joe
blogs, you, me, whoever, driving a car wants to be able to pay for our
parking, maybe that car will have a wallet associated with it that will be
able to pay for the parking automatically or maybe even entrances to buildings
or paying for the metro or whatever it is. Eventually these things will come
and we’ll have different kinds of a digital asset potentially to be able to
underpin these transactions.

Interestingly, some of the car manufacturers are seeing this. People like
Togg, I think you’re working with them. We’ve also been involved. They’re
seeing that this is really the future. We’re seeing also that some of the
other distribution companies as well are also seeing this. We’re been seeing a
little bit of a mix match between distribution companies that are working with
car manufacturers to be able to say, I want to be able to, for example, give
you access to my car to be able to put something in the boot. I think it was
Porsche and maybe it was DHL or something like that that were doing that.

We’re seeing a lot. I think it’s got a lot of potential. I don’t think we’re
quite there yet. I think we’ve got a bit of a challenge in some of the
digitalization of some of these things. Because for example, some of the more
manufacturing supply chain type things, they are actually still using
paperwork and we’re not even in a digital world. You then take three steps
forward and move into a blockchain smart contracts world. That’s a bit of a
challenge. But in the places where we already have a digital foundation, then
I don’t see why not to be able to take them to that next level and be able to
provide some more transactional security by using blockchain. Or even bring
new items to market, the Metaverse, for example, is a big area for some of
these types of clients, the retail clients, industry clients as well. I think
we’re going to see more in these areas in the future.

[00:34:37] **Seamus:** You mentioned TOGG. I’m not sure everyone’s familiar
with it, but that was one of for us the most exciting deals in the last year,
given most people think of us as an infrastructure for banks. But now we’ve
got this other application in the corporate space. You want to dive a little
bit into who they are, what they’re doing and why? As much as you’re allowed
to, speak to it.

[00:34:55] **David:** Yeah, no problem. TOGG is a Turkish electric vehicle
manufacturer and mobility ecosystem provider. They’re not one or the other,
they’re the two things. They’re on the high end luxury side of vehicles. Very
perceived inside Turkey and also in the automobile industry in general, being
quite revolutionary in the way that they’re thinking about the vehicle and
also how it links into other ecosystems.

Everything that they’re doing inside the vehicle itself is quite different.
They’ve got very good people who are working in their teams and they’re using
a lot of other technologies, AI and cloud and data analysts and all of that
stuff.

One of the interesting things about Turkey also is as a country, they’re very
switched on to crypto and DLT. I think, out of Europe, they have the largest
amount of retail investors in crypto in the whole of Europe, because it’s a
big country. There’s a lot of people that are private investors in in DLT A
lot of the general public are actually quite interested in the idea of working
with blockchain, they understand the technology, and there’s a little bit of a
different perception of it to other bits of Europe where maybe the day-to-day
person on the street doesn’t necessarily have a wallet or anything like that.

The way that TOGG is, is it’s about the mobility ecosystem. They have a car,
and the car is part of that mobility ecosystem. But they want to be able to
provide a mobility ecosystem that they can use to be able to connect all of
the different moving parts inside Turkey when people are traveling around. DLT
is going to be underpinning part of that. For example, we are working with
them on NFT marketplace, which will be used to be able to have NFTs which will
have value inside the vehicle, so you can use it in terms of display or for
other different purposes. I can’t go into the details of this. But also the
way that they work with different companies and they find efficiencies through
tokenization, through the processes that they are doing, and using
tokenization to be able to do that. Again, I can’t go into too much detail
about exactly what they’re doing. But the idea is to utilize DLT to be able to
automate as much as possible, and have security in that automation space.

This is in a similar way to what you were doing in capital markets, but
actually using this for flows, which are for automobile manufacturing or for
mobility ecosystem usage.

[00:37:55] **Seamus:** You’ve made a lot of interesting points. I think as
corporates get past that, NFTs became very sexy and it’s one and done, let’s
move on; but you’ve described integrated this into core processes why security
matters. That’s a very key takeaway as the corporate sector matures as well.

One of the things we see, and I think it goes back to the maturity of what
you’re seeing is the DLT or the business units that want to embrace this
technology still need to make the case, upward to management. Some of your
experience, it’d be great to get your perspective on when they make that case,
what are the pitfalls to avoid, what are the critical areas where not to
underinvest, how should they think about prioritization, how to balance the
need for testing versus the fast go to market as you described? Who are those
that need to be looking to the key detractors in the organizations that they
may be in, and how to face off with them, how to deal with them? It’s a loaded
question.

[00:38:51] **David:** There is quite a few steps here. I would say that it’s
really important that you understand your market. You understand where your
market is and what you can do in terms of regulation and what is feasibly
possible.

For example, you might not be able to make payments via crypto. That might not
be possible. you wouldn’t build a whole team of people who are payment
specialists who are looking to build out a POC around payments, for example.
That would be very clear to you. I think the first thing is what’s possible
based on your business and the regulatory landscape, and the legal side of
things.

Then focus on the things that you can do and the things that bring the most
value. There is no point in doing something if you’re not bringing value to
your clients and you’re not bringing value to you as a business. It’s very
nice to have your shop on the Metaverse, but actually if people are not going
to be going to that shop or being able to buy an NFT from that shop or
whatever it is, then that’s a lot of time that you spend building a shop that
isn’t necessarily giving you any value other than saying, yes, you’ve got
something there. It’s about understanding your return investment.

Then I would say the faster you can go to market in a secure way, so
understanding the security risks, understanding the risk that we spoke about
before, using good technology like METACO, using providers who understand how
to use that technology, the quicker you can get to market the better, doing so
in a secure way.

In terms of detractors inside the institutions, previously we always had
things around data. like, all the stuff around how do you deal with like
people’s data and all that. That was always a challenge at one point in time.
But I think we’re way beyond that now. Most people understand that GDPR is a
thing, you don’t put personal data on the blockchain and there you go.

I think that risk was also a thing that was stopping things as well. That’s
why it’s good that we’ve got proper risks specialists working with the
financial services institutes and also probably with other organizations as
well. Because that was often the thing that was slowing things down.

It’s also about having the view of what the market is doing as well. If you
want to be a fast mover then you’ve got to have an understanding of what’s
going on, and there needs to be collaboration between you and other people in
a consortium. That often is somehow a little bit difficult to be able to get
off the ground, because not only do you need to get the technical people
speaking to each other, but you also need to get the business people speaking,
and also usually the upper management speaking to each other, and saying, yes,
this is a good thing to do and we need to collaborate. Financial services
institutions are quite good at that, surprisingly. But there is sometimes a
little bit of a resistance there to be getting together and working on things,
or it just takes a little bit of time to do. It’s not resistance as such, but
it has to make sense. There’s got to be a return on investment. If there’s not
going to be a return on investment in a significant period of time, then
building a consortium and working in that consortium is a significant
challenge or something that maybe isn’t giving you that much value.

What is the value of what you’re doing? Does it make sense to do that based on
the investment that you’re going to be doing? If you have that and you can
figure that out, then just try and go to market as quickly as possible,
because you’re probably not the only person that’s also thinking that.

[00:43:12] **Seamus:** Exactly. If you’re thinking about it, other people are
moving. It’s usually true. We’re getting close to time, we’ve covered a lot of
ground. Thank you for that. We’ll just wrap up with a couple of short
questions.

Often the best way to demonstrate value is show me, doing something yourself
so you can show to clients why. Is GFT leveraging DLT itself and digital
assets for itself?

[00:43:32] **David:** Yeah. We’ve got a couple of things that we’re doing
ourselves. We have the universal digital payments network, the UDPN. This is
payments network for stable coins and for CBDs in the future. That’s something
that we’ve been building for the last three and a half years or so. We are
working on that with a number of banks now as part of the consortium, but we
very much built that. We were one of the first people to start building on
that and doing a lot of interesting POCs there. That was definitely something
that we brought to market.

The other thing that we are doing is to be able to help power banking clients
accelerate their integration with core banking services. We are integrating
into a lot of different core banking services and using them as accelerators.
For example, with Thought Machine, we have built up an accelerator called
_Bank like X_ , which creates the almost like a bank in a box, but does all of
the infrastructure side of things on top of Google Cloud, and provides the
interface as well to Thought Machine.

On top of that, we’ve also basically been integrating METACO as well, to be
able to have a crypto bank out of a box that can be used either by people that
are using Thought Machine or to people that are building up new challenger
banks and want to be able to do so with a very cutting-edge core banking
service as well. These are the kinds, and we’re doing similar things but with
other technology providers.

We are doing that. We’re not exactly a product house, but we do have
accelerators and a few products, and quite a few initiatives like that.
Another thing worth mentioning is we are merging with a company called Targens
in Germany, and they have a product called DLT to pay. That’s like a
connection link between DLT networks at Ethereum for example, and a payment
networks like Swift as well. That’s probably something worth mentioning as
well.

[00:45:51] **Seamus:** A lot going on. Sounds very exciting. Clearly the good
news sounds like DLT/blockchain crypto is becoming a more relevant part of
your practice on a global basis. Good to hear.

Anything we can expect from you next? Where will you be speaking? Where can
people meet you? How can they reach out?

[00:46:13] **David:** I’ll be at a lot of the conferences I would imagine over
the next few months. We’re not quite sure exactly which ones at this point in
time, but probably a few of the bigger ones. Then we also will be having some
events directly with METACO in Germany later this year as well. If you are
based in Germany and you would like to join them, then please do. It’d be
great to see any of the people that are here on that event as well.

[00:46:46] **Seamus:** Great. Thanks, David. I think we’re going to wrap up
there. It’s been great to have you. We’ve covered a lot of ground, thank you
for the insights. Always great to listen to people who are deep in this space
with real world projects, as opposed to just hypothesizing about the
potential. Thank you for giving us a very optimistic look on the way forward
as well, and thanks for being here.

[00:47:05] **David:** Perfect. It’s been a real pleasure. Thank you very much
for having me.

[00:47:10] **Seamus:** Likewise. Thanks David. Thanks for everyone for tuning
in. we’ll announce when the recording and transcript on the conversation will
be available on [www.Meatco.com](http://www.Meatco.com), as usual.

In the meantime, please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter and let us know your
feedback in the comments. Thanks again. See you soon. Enjoy the summer!

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** other Talks

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

