[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ how to stake... ](/blog/how-to-stake-eth-via-zengo-wallet)

#  How to Stake ETH via Zengo Wallet

08 May 2024

6 min read

Ethereum

Staking

Zengo

6 min read

Article content

WHAT IS Zengo MPC wallet?

Why Stake ETH?

How to Set Up Zengo Wallet

How to Stake ETH via Zengo Wallet

How to monitor my staked ETH

The Takeaway

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Everstake has just partnered with Zengo Wallet, becoming the exclusive ETH
staking provider. Now, Zengo users can [stake as little as 0.1
ETH](https://zengo.com/eth-staking/) straight in their wallet, supporting a
blockchain network's operations and earning rewards in return.

In this guide, we'll explore how to stake Ethereum (ETH) using the Zengo
wallet, a user-friendly mobile wallet known for its focus on security.

## WHAT IS Zengo MPC wallet?

[Zengo](https://zengo.com/) is a multi-chain wallet that supports Bitcoin,
Ethereum, Dogecoin, Tezos, and thousands of other assets. Unlike most non-
custodial wallets, Zengo utilizes a super-secure method called [Multi-Party
Computation](https://zengo.com/mpc-wallet/) (MPC) instead of seed phrases.
This enables Zengo to create a secure key management system that lacks single
points of failure, particularly a single private key generation.

Learn more about Zengo and their work from the [company’s
blog](https://zengo.com/blog/).

## Why Stake ETH?

Staking ETH allows you to contribute to the security and growth of the
Ethereum network while earning rewards. By staking your ETH, you essentially
become a validator on the network, helping to verify transactions and ensure
network stability. You'll receive a portion of the transaction fees collected
on the network in return for your contribution.

## How to Set Up Zengo Wallet

Before diving into staking, let's ensure you have a Zengo wallet set up.
Here's a quick guide:

**STEP 1. Download the App**

Head to the official [Zengo website](https://zengo.com/) and download the
Zengo wallet app for your iOS or Android device.

**STEP 2. Create an Account**

Open the app and follow the on-screen prompts to create a new Zengo account.
Zengo utilizes biometric authentication for added security, so you might be
prompted to set up a Face ID or Touch ID during this process.

**STEP 3. Get Some ETH**

To stake ETH, you'll need some ETH in your Zengo wallet. You can achieve this
by purchasing ETH directly within the Zengo app (using a debit,  credit card,
bank transfer or more) or transferring ETH from another wallet.

## How to Stake ETH via Zengo Wallet

Now that you have a Zengo wallet and some ETH, let's stake!

![](https://lh7-us.googleusercontent.com/n5XdbCfBewBvNp7rBVaqAsdCYv30g2Z8uMspk-h56gmaRuEvdc9dhvCkBDeCxqdM_R3Ez0N15ohFD8501rsJrqJ7dKfHJ_xUhU1oJrj2eKyxQuUZgD0As_0lXSjVptW-
qA7Ho-_Ub3iW-k2lVdq3FkI)

**Step 1: Navigate to the Main Screen**

Open the Zengo app on your mobile device and land on the main screen.

**Step 2: Select Ethereum**

Locate and select the **Ethereum** option from the list of supported
cryptocurrencies.

**Step 3: Initiate ETH Staking**

  * Press **Stake ETH** within the Ethereum menu.
  * Review the instructions and click **Continue** to proceed.
  * Decide the amount of ETH you wish to stake. Alternatively, select the **Use Max** option to stake the maximum available ETH.
  * After selecting the staking amount, click the **Stake** button to initiate the process.

Congratulations! You have successfully staked your ETH via the Zengo wallet.
Your staked ETH will now start earning rewards within the Ethereum network.

## How to monitor my staked ETH

Your staked ETH will be locked in a staking contract, and you can monitor its
status and earned rewards directly within the Zengo wallet app. The app should
provide clear information on your staked ETH balance, accrued rewards, and
estimated returns.

## The Takeaway

Staking ETH via Zengo wallet offers a convenient way to earn passive income on
your crypto holdings. Zengo's user-friendly interface makes the process
straightforward, even for beginners. Remember, staking involves some risks, so
be sure to conduct your own research on ETH staking before committing any
funds.

Learn more about ETH staking via Zengo on [their
website](https://zengo.com/eth-staking/). Also, Zengo offers 24/7 in-app
support if you encounter issues or have further questions about staking ETH.

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

