[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/staking)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/staking)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/staking)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/staking)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/staking)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/staking)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/staking)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/staking)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Stake your crypto. Track your rewards.

Stake your crypto through Ledger Live: check your rewards, discover
opportunities, and maintain self-custody of your assets.

*Rewards are not guaranteed. Ledger provides no advice or recommendations on use of staking services.

[ Stake crypto now ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/EARN "Stake crypto now")

## Why stake crypto through Ledger?

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/06/Home-Beginner-
Playlist-Keep-growing-it-1-1-1.png)

__Highly Secure

Grow your assets while securely holding them with **[your Ledger
device.](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)**

__Supports multiple currencies

Ledger Live allows you to securely stake a growing number of coins including
**[ETH](https://www.ledger.com/staking-ethereum)** ,
**[SOL](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/solana)** ,
**[ATOM](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos)** and
**[DOT](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot)**.

__Discover Opportunities

Track, manage and grow your earnings, make informed decisions, and stay secure
from Ledger Live dedicated Earn Section.

## Staking coins with Ledger Live

Stake crypto through Ledger Live

You can stake specific assets through **[your Ledger Live
app](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)** , from the security of your
hardware device.

01

Create an account for the coin you want to stake.

02

**[Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)** through Ledger Live (with our
partners) or transfer your funds to your Ledger device from an exchange or
another wallet.

03

Go in the Earn section and click on the stake button or go in the account of
the coin you want to stake then click on earn rewards

04

When choosing a validator, be sure to select Ledger (when available).

05

Select the amount and confirm.  
  
[Stake now](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/staking_validator)

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/COSMOS_LNX.webp)

## Ledger Live - The right way to grow your crypto.

Track & grow

Manage and grow your assets from one convenient dashboard by tracking your
earnings across different networks and accounts.

Stay secure & retain ownership

Know that you keep full ownership over your assets, giving you peace of mind
while you earn and stake.

Make your own choices

Choose from a wide range of providers like [Lido](https://lido.fi/) or Kiln,
and tailor your earning strategies to your preferences.

## Crypto to stake through Ledger

Supported crypto vary from one partner to another

[ ![Tezos](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/12/tezos.svg) Tezos XTZ
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) [ ![Tron](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/04/TRON-LL.svg) Tron TRX
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tron) [ ![Cosmos*](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/06/cosmos-grey.svg) Cosmos* ATOM
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos) [
![Algorand](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/09/algorand-1.png) Algorand ALGO
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-algorand) [ ![Polkadot](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/10/Polkadot.svg) Polkadot DOT
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot) [ ![Solana*](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/05/Solana.svg) Solana* SOL
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/solana) [
![Ethereum](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/12/Ethereum.svg) Ethereum ETH
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-ethereum) [ ![Osmosis](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/OSMO.png) Osmosis OSMO
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-osmosis)

[ See all coins supported ](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "
See all coins

          supported")

*Ledger validator node available 

##  Want to learn more about staking?

We answer all the basic questions you might have in our Ledger academy: What
is staking? What’s the difference between Proof-of-Stake and Proof-of-Work?
What is a validator?  
  
You can also take a look at our School of Block series on Youtube to learn how
to get started in staking and make your money work for you.

[ Visit our Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy " Visit our Ledger
Academy")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/what-is-staking.png)

What is staking

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-
it/stake-your-crypto " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/school-of-blocks.png)

School Of Block

[ See our episode about staking ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-of-
block/episode-15-decentralized-finance-crypto-passive-income " See our episode
about staking")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/proof-of-stake.png)

What is proof of stake

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-
of-stake " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/staking-faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__What is staking crypto?

Staking is the process of locking your crypto to secure the blockchain
network. For your help, you earn rewards on the total amount locked. This
percentage payout varies between blockchains. Get more info about staking in
our [Academy article.](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-
growing-it/stake-your-crypto)

__What is a staking reward?

Staking rewards are incentives earned by individuals who participate in the
process of staking cryptocurrencies. Staking is a mechanism used by certain
blockchain networks to secure and validate transactions on the network. In a
proof-of-stake (PoS) consensus algorithm, participants called validators are
chosen to create new blocks and validate transactions based on the number of
tokens they hold and “stake” in the network.

By staking their tokens, participants contribute to the network’s security and
consensus protocol. In return for their contribution, they receive staking
rewards, typically in the form of additional tokens. These rewards serve as an
incentive to encourage individuals to hold and stake their tokens, thereby
helping maintain the network’s integrity and security.

The amount of staking rewards earned can vary depending on various factors
such as the network’s protocol, the number of tokens staked, and the duration
of the stake.

__What is a validator?

Depending on the blockchain, a certain amount of crypto is needed to run the
nodes that help validate the transactions on the blockchain and thus secure
the protocol. If you don’t have the amount or the inclination to run the node,
then you can delegate your crypto to a validator who will collect the crypto
and run the nodes for the delegates and share with you the rewards collected.
Learn more about this topic in [this
article](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-stake)
from our Academy.

__What's the difference between staking crypto on an exchange and on Ledger
Live?

When you stake your crypto using Ledger Live, you own the [private
keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key) giving access to
your crypto ; which means you have full control over your assets unlike
staking coins on an exchange like Binance or Kraken. With Ledger Live, you can
therefore choose the validator to whom you delegate your crypto which is not
possible on an exchange. In addition, you avoid the fees charged by the
exchange for this service.  
Lear more about [crypto-wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-
basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet), [private
keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key) and [self-
custody](https://www.ledger.com/academy/tips-to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-
your-own-bank) with our Academy articles.

__Do I still have control over my assets when I stake them with Ledger Live?

When staking through Ledger, you have full control over your assets even if
you delegate them. You keep control of your private keys secured by your
hardware device.

__Can I withdraw my crypto whenever I want when staking with Ledger Live?

You can unstake your crypto whenever you want in Ledger Live. However, some
blockchain protocols require an unbounding period for unstacking and
withdrawal, others do not. Do your own research before staking your crypto.

__What is the Earn tab in Ledger Live?

Earn section allows you to stake assets, track rewards, and discover earning
opportunities across chains without navigating multiple platforms and
interfaces. In the Earn section, you can easily see all your staked and
eligible for staking assets, APR/APY, and earned rewards.

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/staking)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/staking)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/staking)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/staking)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/staking)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/staking)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/staking)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/staking)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=38e22bc4-bb59-4cf9-891f-bf0b461ac109&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ebe8498c-9d28-480b-a5c1-847e79c7acc3&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstaking&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=38e22bc4-bb59-4cf9-891f-bf0b461ac109&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ebe8498c-9d28-480b-a5c1-847e79c7acc3&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstaking&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=f09819f4-63ec-4304-8aaf-968905917751&sid=71f670b01cfe11efaca165ee4b2d0f3c&vid=71f6a3701cfe11efb16c33fb3d3666d8&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Staking%20Crypto%20and%20Earn%20Coins%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstaking&r=&lt=2476&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=204602)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A27%3A43%20GMT&n=0&b=Staking%20Crypto%20and%20Earn%20Coins%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstaking&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

Ledger

75.8K subscribers

[The Earn Section is now LIVE on Ledger
Live!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAZa398a7QY)

[]()

Ledger

Search

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

Up NextCancelAutoplay is paused

You're signed out

Videos you watch may be added to the TV's watch history and influence TV
recommendations. To avoid this, cancel and sign in to YouTube on your
computer.

CancelConfirm

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Watch on

0:00

0:00 / 0:34•Watch full videoLive

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAZa398a7QY "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XAZa398a7QY), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

