[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2hvdy1jcnlwdG8tY2FuLXRyYW5zZm9ybS1jaGFyaXRhYmxlLWdpdmluZy0zMTg3NDA2MTI0Mjg1Nzc0NzI1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2hvdy1jcnlwdG8tY2FuLXRyYW5zZm9ybS1jaGFyaXRhYmxlLWdpdmluZy0zMTg3NDA2MTI0Mjg1Nzc0NzI1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How Crypto Can Transform Charitable Giving

2023-09-17

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Charity utilizes a dual approach for disaster relief, providing essential items and direct access to funds through crypto-based donations.

  * Crypto-based donations offer unique advantages such as speed, transparency, and accessibility, providing quick and efficient aid.

  * Binance Charity is open to feedback and continues refining its approach, believing that cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology will significantly impact humanitarian efforts.

_Crypto offers a striking opportunity for charitable donations to reach the
right people as quickly as possible._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230917/99fae6bd-
cf80-4505-be71-d52fc9f26fc5)  
At Binance Charity, we’re committed to creating impactful change around the
world, especially during times of crisis. Our charitable initiatives aim to
provide timely and effective assistance to communities in need. However, we
recognize that the effectiveness of charitable interventions can be a topic of
debate among experts in the humanitarian field.

Recently, we received some questions from the media about some aspects of our
humanitarian efforts, particularly our decision to airdrop [_up to $3 million
worth of BNB tokens to users in Morocco who have been impacted by the
devastating earthquake_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-to-
airdrop-up-to-$3-million-in-bnb-to-users-in-the-morocco-earthquake-
region-6962526806416134014). We appreciate the opportunity to address these
concerns and provide a nuanced explanation of our approach.

Binance Charity appreciates constructive feedback on its approach to giving.
We are open to continued dialogue and believe in evolving our strategies to
maximize positive impact.

In the wake of natural disasters, there are various ways to provide relief.
Providing essentials like food, shelter, and water is one approach, and
providing access to funds is another. Independent reviews support the efficacy
of both methods. Binance Charity uses a dual approach.

For instance, we donated $7 million directly to the UN and various
humanitarian organizations in our [_Ukraine Emergency Relief
effort_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-for-
ukrainians-help-report-421499824684903974) , along with $3 million in crypto-
based cash assistance. This makes it one of the largest donations made by a
private company to Ukraine.

## A Paradigm Shift in Aid: Why We Chose Direct Crypto to Users

In particular, a question we often get is on the nature of our
donation—specifically, that we chose to donate in BNB tokens rather than in
local currency or basic necessities. We understand that, traditionally, aid
has been provided in the form of food, water, and other immediate needs. While
these are undoubtedly important, direct financial aid offers another layer of
empowerment by providing individuals with the agency to prioritize their
needs.

Crypto-based donations, in particular, offer unique advantages:

  * **Speed** : Cryptocurrency transactions can occur almost instantaneously, allowing for quick response times in crisis situations.

  * **Transparency** : Every transaction is recorded on the blockchain, making it easy to track.

  * **Accessibility** : Cryptocurrencies can be converted to most local currencies globally, depending on local regulations.

Additionally, in some crises, traditional banking systems might be compromised
or inefficient, rendering cryptocurrencies a faster and more reliable means of
transferring aid.

## Rethinking Traditional Aid: The Power of Direct Giving

[ _Independent reviewers_](https://www.givedirectly.org/research-on-cash-
transfers/) agree that access to funds is an effective way to help people.

There is also a growing body of evidence supporting the idea that direct
transfers to individuals are often more effective than funneling aid through
third-party organizations.

Not only do direct transfers provide people with the freedom to prioritize
their needs, but they also eliminate multiple layers of administrative
expenses.

The blockchain's transparent and efficient ecosystem ensures that a larger
percentage of your donation directly impacts the individuals in need.

We do recognize that both forms of donations are needed. It shouldn’t be one
or the other. That’s why, in response to the earthquake in Morocco, we will
also [_donate all the funds raised from the
public_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-to-airdrop-up-
to-$3-million-in-bnb-to-users-in-the-morocco-earthquake-
region-6962526806416134014) to a local charity, in addition to our direct
donation to users.

## Why Crypto? Speed, Cost-Efficiency, and User Familiarity

When disaster strikes, time is of the essence. With cryptocurrencies,
transactions are almost instantaneous and cost-effective. The blockchain
allows for peer-to-peer transactions without the need for an intermediary,
meaning funds can reach recipients quicker than they would if processed
through traditional banks.

For example, during the crisis in Morocco, the funds were in the hands of
those in need within hours, not weeks.

It's also worth noting that the airdrops were directed at existing Binance
users. The recipients are already familiar with the technology, dispelling the
notion that the donation adds a layer of complexity by using a 'foreign'
technology.

They know how to operate their wallets and convert crypto into local currency,
if needed, or use it for transactions. This point negates the argument that
we're exposing vulnerable people to an unfamiliar risk.

## Leveraging Existing Networks for Targeted Aid

One criticism in the media that can't be overlooked is that the donation was
targeted towards existing Binance users. Binance always puts its users first.
And, we believe that directly supporting our community is a fast and efficient
way to provide real impact. By focusing on our existing user base, we're
tapping into a network that is already familiar with crypto transactions. And,
we can target geographic areas that are most impacted. The existing
relationship between Binance and these users ensures a level of trust and
operational efficiency that cannot be overlooked.

## Transparency and Accountability: Blockchain's Innate Strengths

Cryptocurrency donations offer a level of transparency that is difficult to
achieve with traditional financial transactions. Every transaction on the
blockchain is public, providing a full audit trail. This allows for more
responsible giving and receiving, enhancing accountability on both ends.

## The Future of Crypto Philanthropy

Binance Charity is committed to continually refining its approach based on
data and experts’ feedback. We recognize the criticisms as opportunities for
improvement and are eager to engage with humanitarian experts to make our
initiatives more effective. However, we firmly believe that cryptocurrencies
and blockchain technology represent an innovative, transparent, and effective
method for delivering aid in the 21st century.

We are eager to engage with charitable organizations who see the benefit of
crypto transactions to support those in need and are keen to find ways to work
together in the future.

It's not just about meeting immediate needs; it's about leveraging technology
to empower individuals and communities for sustainable development. And in
that regard, blockchain has immense untapped potential that Binance Charity is
eager to explore.

We appreciate the feedback on our approach and are eager to learn from it. As
we've done in past initiatives, we will continue to collaborate with local
organizations and use both traditional and innovative methods to provide aid.
Ultimately, our goal is to have a meaningful, positive impact on the
communities we serve.

By having these discussions openly, we hope to foster a wider understanding of
the potential for blockchain in humanitarian efforts and encourage more
organizations to consider this impactful avenue.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance to Airdrop up to $3 Million in BNB to Users in the Morocco Earthquake Region_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-to-airdrop-up-to-$3-million-in-bnb-to-users-in-the-morocco-earthquake-region-6962526806416134014)  

  * [_Simplified Proof of Address Process for Our Users in Morocco_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/simplified-proof-of-address-process-for-our-users-in-morocco-3035963902187021728)  

  * [Binance to Airdrop up to $500,000 in BNB to Users in Libya to Support Flood Recovery](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-to-airdrop-up-to-$500000-in-bnb-to-users-in-libya-to-support-flood-recovery-4855163196973898134)

195,024,917 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

123

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

How Crypto Can Transform Charitable Giving

Main Takeaways

A Paradigm Shift in Aid: Why We Chose Direct Crypto to Users

Rethinking Traditional Aid: The Power of Direct Giving

Why Crypto? Speed, Cost-Efficiency, and User Familiarity

Leveraging Existing Networks for Targeted Aid

Transparency and Accountability: Blockchain's Innate Strengths

The Future of Crypto Philanthropy

Further Reading

195,024,917 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

