[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet Addresses

# Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet Addresses

By **Vineet Nair**

Mar 22, 2024 | **Updated May 15, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Who%20Owns%20the%20Most%20Bitcoin%3A%20The%20Largest%20Bitcoin%20Wallet%20Addresses&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-
addresses&title=Who%20Owns%20the%20Most%20Bitcoin%3A%20The%20Largest%20Bitcoin%20Wallet%20Addresses
"Reddit")

![crypto coins](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/06_Crypto_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— As the pioneering digital currency, Bitcoin is an important symbol of
decentralization, personal autonomy, and resistance against inequitable
financial institutions.  
  
— For all of its wide-ranging benefits, the distribution of wealth unveiled by
the list of Bitcoin’s biggest whales raises some questions about how well
Bitcoin is living up to its founding promises.  
  
— To understand the Bitcoin rich list, let’s explore some of the Bitcoin
wallet addresses you might want to be aware of.  
  
Whether you’re a crypto newbie or a seasoned rug pull survivor, you may have
come across the phrase _“1 BTC = 1 BTC”_ at some point in your crypto life.
Seeing as there are only 21 million BTC in existence, your immediate next
thought might have been “ _Who owns the most Bitcoin in the world?_ ” or “ _I
wonder how much BTC the largest Bitcoin wallets hold”.  _

Regardless of what currency you prefer, Bitcoin stands as the pioneering
digital currency that has captivated the imagination of tech enthusiasts,
investors, and financial analysts alike. Its decentralized nature sets it free
from the clutches of traditional banking systems. Yet, beneath the surface of
Bitcoin’s peer-to-peer network lies a fascinating tale of wealth distribution
that raises some intriguing questions about its decentralized promise.

This guide delves into the realm of Bitcoin’s wealthiest whales (_yes, this
includes literal countries_), shedding light on the top 100 largest Bitcoin
wallet addresses. Unveiling who controls the lion’s share of BTC not only
illuminates the current landscape of digital wealth but also hints at the
potential influence these holders wield over the market’s dynamics.

So, let’s start with the intricacies of Bitcoin ownership, from the enigmatic
figure of Satoshi Nakamoto to contemporary crypto titans, and dissect what
this concentration of wealth means for the future of Bitcoin and its ethos of
decentralization.

## Who Owns the Most Bitcoin?  

Every Bitcoin user needs a [Bitcoin
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin). And some people,
particularly Bitcoin whales, tend to have multiple wallets. So sometimes,
knowing how much BTC an individual has is unclear.

What’s for sure though, is Satoshi Nakamoto, the mystery genius behind
Bitcoin, holds the keys to an enormous stash of over 1.1 million BTC. That’s a
mind-boggling amount, making Satoshi the biggest whale in the Bitcoin ocean.
But owning a massive pile of Bitcoin doesn’t mean Satoshi runs the network.
Instead, Bitcoin is decentralized. no single entity, not even its creator, can
exert control over the network’s operations or its underlying protocols.

Why’s that? Well, Bitcoin is like a vast, digital democracy. Every transaction
in the history of the Bitcoin network is maintained not by one person, but by
thousands of users all over the globe. Changes to the network require
widespread agreement, ensuring that no individual, not even Nakamoto, can
unilaterally alter Bitcoin’s course. This design embodies the principle of a
decentralized financial system, where power and control are distributed across
its users rather than centralized in the hands of a few.

Nakamoto’s holdings, while vast, grant them no special privileges or authority
over the network, reinforcing Bitcoin’s commitment to decentralization and
democratic governance.

## Who Are the Biggest Individual Bitcoin Billionaires?

### **Satoshi Nakamoto**

Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous creator of Bitcoin, is more a legend than a
person we can pinpoint. Believed to hold around 1.1 million BTC, a fortune
amassed from mining in the cryptocurrency’s infancy, Nakamoto’s stash is a
testament to the visionary’s early belief in the project.

This hoard, untouched since 2010, speaks volumes of Satoshi’s intent for
Bitcoin: a decentralized financial system rather than personal wealth.
Nakamoto’s true identity and reasons for their anonymity add to the enigma
that continues to fascinate the crypto world.

### **Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss**

The Winklevoss twins, Cameron and Tyler, first came into the public eye
through their legal battle with Mark Zuckerberg over Facebook’s origins. They
then pivoted to cryptocurrency, using part of their settlement to amass a
significant Bitcoin wallet, estimated at 70,000 BTC.

Their early and bullish investment in Bitcoin not only showcased their
foresight but also helped them establish Gemini, a leading cryptocurrency
exchange. Their journey from Olympic rowers and Harvard grads to crypto
pioneers underscores the diverse backgrounds of Bitcoin investors.

### **Changpeng Zhao (CZ)**

Changpeng Zhao, better known as CZ, is the founder and CEO of Binance, the
world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading volume. His foray into
Bitcoin began when he sold his house in 2014 to buy Bitcoin, a move that
underscored his conviction in crypto’s potential.

While the exact amount of Bitcoin CZ holds isn’t publicly disclosed, his stake
in Binance and its vast crypto holdings, coupled with his early investment in
Bitcoin, undoubtedly makes him one of the most influential figures in the
crypto space.

### **Tim Draper**

Tim Draper, a venture capitalist known for his knack for spotting
groundbreaking technology, made headlines in 2014 when he purchased nearly
30,000 BTC seized by the U.S. government from the Silk Road. Draper’s bet on
Bitcoin, valued at millions of dollars at the time, was a bold statement of
his belief in Bitcoin’s future. His advocacy for cryptocurrencies and
blockchain technology has made him a key figure in the space, with his initial
investment growing exponentially in value as Bitcoin’s price skyrocketed.

### **Michael J. Saylor**

Michael J. Saylor, CEO of MicroStrategy, transformed his company’s reserve
asset strategy by converting a significant portion of its cash reserves into
Bitcoin, starting in 2020. Saylor’s aggressive accumulation strategy has
resulted in MicroStrategy holding over 129,000 BTC.

His rationale is based on the belief that Bitcoin represents a superior store
of value over fiat currency, especially in an era of monetary inflation.
Saylor’s vocal support for Bitcoin has made him a prominent advocate for
corporate investment in cryptocurrencies.

### **Others**

Below are a few honorable mentions known for their significant Bitcoin
holdings in their wallets.

#### **Barry Silbert   **

Founder and CEO of Digital Currency Group (DCG), which owns Grayscale
Investments, a leading digital currency asset management firm. His Bitcoin
wealth is indirectly significant through Grayscale’s Bitcoin Trust (GBTC),
which holds hundreds of thousands of bitcoins. Silbert is a pioneering
investor in the crypto space, with early bets on Bitcoin and other digital
assets, contributing to his substantial indirect holdings.

#### **Brian Armstrong   **

Co-founder and CEO of Coinbase, one of the largest cryptocurrency exchanges in
the world.   While Armstrong’s exact Bitcoin holdings are private, his stake
in Coinbase and its holdings, along with his early involvement in crypto,
suggest a significant investment in Bitcoin. Armstrong has been a vocal
advocate for cryptocurrency adoption and innovation, leading Coinbase since
its inception in 2012.

#### **Anthony Pompliano**

Co-founder of Morgan Creek Digital, a hedge fund focused on digital assets.
Pompliano is known for his bullish stance on Bitcoin, advocating for
substantial allocations of investment portfolios in BTC. His personal Bitcoin
holdings are speculated to be substantial, given his advocacy, though specific
figures are not publicly disclosed.

#### **Roger Ver**

Early Bitcoin investor and promoter, often referred to as “Bitcoin Jesus” for
his early and vocal advocacy for Bitcoin before focusing on Bitcoin Cash.
Ver’s exact current holdings in Bitcoin are not publicly known, as he
diversified his investments into Bitcoin Cash and other cryptocurrencies. His
early investment in Bitcoin and involvement in the crypto space have amassed
him a significant cryptocurrency fortune.

## Public Companies Holdings Bitcoin

### **MicroStrategy**

MicroStrategy has embraced Bitcoin as a primary treasury reserve asset,
amassing 174,530 BTC, which represents 0.831% of the total Bitcoin supply. The
company, led by CEO Michael J. Saylor, has invested approximately $4.68
billion into Bitcoin, valuing their holdings at about $8.73 billion today.
Saylor’s strategy reflects a strong belief in Bitcoin as a hedge against
inflation and a superior store of value over traditional fiat currencies,
positioning MicroStrategy at the forefront of corporate Bitcoin investment.

### **Galaxy Digital Holdings**

Galaxy Digital Holdings, a diversified financial services and investment
management company in the digital asset, cryptocurrency, and blockchain
technology sector, holds 17,518 BTC. While the entry value isn’t specified,
the current value of their holdings is approximately $876 million. Founded by
Michael Novogratz, a former hedge fund manager, Galaxy Digital’s Bitcoin
investment underscores its commitment to cryptocurrencies as an asset class,
aiming to bridge the gap between the digital asset space and institutional
investors.

### **Tesla, Inc.**

Tesla, the electric vehicle and clean energy company led by CEO Elon Musk, has
incorporated Bitcoin into its investment portfolio with a holding of 10,500
BTC, valued at around $525 million. Initially purchasing $1.5 billion worth of
Bitcoin in early 2021 to diversify and maximize returns on cash, Tesla’s foray
into Bitcoin investment highlights the growing interest of major corporations
in digital currencies as both a speculative investment and a potential future
payment method for their products and services.

### **Others**

#### **Marathon Digital Holdings**

Marathon Digital Holdings is a US-based company that focuses on mining digital
assets. It aims to build the largest mining operation in North America at one
of the lowest energy costs. Marathon mines Bitcoin and other digital assets,
aiming to leverage the blockchain ecosystem and the security it provides to
digital transactions. They invest heavily in Bitcoin mining hardware and
technology. Marathon holds 13,716 BTC, with their holdings valued at
approximately $686 million. Their investment in Bitcoin is a direct result of
their mining operations, reflecting their belief in the long-term value of
Bitcoin.

#### **Hut 8 Mining Corp**

Hut 8 Mining Corp is one of North America’s oldest, largest, and innovation-
focused digital asset miners, headquartered in Canada. The company is engaged
in the mining of cryptocurrencies, with a significant focus on Bitcoin,
utilizing both green energy and traditional power sources to optimize mining
efficiency and sustainability. Hut 8 holds 9,366 BTC, which is currently
valued at about $468 million. Their Bitcoin holdings are a result of their
ongoing mining efforts, showcasing their commitment to accumulating Bitcoin as
a core asset.

#### **Coinbase Global, Inc**

Coinbase Global, Inc. is a leading cryptocurrency exchange platform based in
the US, offering a wide range of services including trading, staking, and
more. Coinbase facilitates the buying, selling, and storage of
cryptocurrencies, serving both retail and institutional clients worldwide. It
plays a pivotal role in the crypto ecosystem by providing a user-friendly
platform for crypto transactions. Coinbase holds 9,181 BTC, valued at around
$459 million. Their holdings include operational assets and cryptocurrencies
held on behalf of users, demonstrating their integral role in the
cryptocurrency market.

#### **Block Inc.**

Block Inc., formerly known as Square, is a diverse financial services and
mobile payment company founded by Jack Dorsey and Jim McKelvey. Block offers a
broad array of financial services, including payment processing, financial and
marketing services, and cryptocurrency investments through its Cash App
platform. The company has shown a strong interest in integrating
cryptocurrency into its payment solutions. Block Inc. owns 8,027 BTC, with a
current valuation of approximately $401 million. Their investment in Bitcoin
underscores the company’s bullish outlook on cryptocurrency as a significant
element of the future financial landscape.

## Crypto Exchanges With the Most BTC

### **Binance**

Binance stands as the world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange by trading
volume, founded in 2017 by Changpeng Zhao (CZ). It has rapidly ascended to the
pinnacle of the crypto exchange ecosystem, offering a wide array of services
beyond simple trading—such as futures and options trading, a launchpad for new
tokens, and even its own blockchain, Binance Smart Chain. Binance’s extensive
offerings and global reach have cemented its position as a cornerstone of the
cryptocurrency world. Binance currently holds a whopping 643,546 BTC. While
specific numbers fluctuate due to the nature of exchange operations, Binance’s
Bitcoin holdings are among the largest in the industry, reflecting its
significant role in the global crypto market. The exchange is renowned for its
liquidity, security measures, and user-friendly platform, attracting a vast
user base from beginners to institutional investors.

### **Bitfinex**

Founded in 2012, Bitfinex is one of the oldest and most advanced
cryptocurrency exchanges operating today. Headquartered in Hong Kong, it
offers sophisticated trading features, such as margin trading with up to 10x
leverage, and a suite of order types to cater to high-level traders. Bitfinex
has been pivotal in the development of the cryptocurrency market, providing
liquidity and a platform for trading a wide range of digital assets.

As per previous reports, iFinex Inc., the parent company of Bitfinex, is a
major Bitcoin holder, possessing 204,338 BTC. Despite facing challenges,
including security breaches and regulatory scrutiny, Bitfinex has maintained a
loyal user base and holds a significant amount of Bitcoin. Its holdings
underscore the trust and scale of operations at Bitfinex, positioning it as a
key player in the cryptocurrency exchange landscape.

### **Coinbase**

Coinbase, founded in 2012 by Brian Armstrong and Fred Ehrsam, is renowned for
its user-friendly interface and regulatory compliance, making it a gateway for
many newcomers to cryptocurrency. As a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ
(COIN), it offers an added layer of transparency and trustworthiness.

As of September 2023, Coinbase was reported to be holding an impressive 1
million Bitcoin. This considerable amount represents nearly 5% of the total
circulating Bitcoin supply, according to research conducted by blockchain
analytics firm Arkham Intelligence. It’s important to note that while Coinbase
manages wallets containing billions of dollars worth of Bitcoin, its actual
corporate-owned Bitcoin holdings are estimated at around 10,000 BTC,
equivalent to roughly $200 million. The majority of Bitcoin on Coinbase
accounts for customer assets rather than the company’s own holdings.

### **Others**

#### **Bybit**

As of February 1, 2024, Bybit holds 38,147 BTC. Bybit is a crypto exchange
known for offering derivative trading and has been expanding its services to
include spot trading, catering to a wide range of crypto traders.

The exchange’s Bitcoin holdings indicate its substantial liquidity and
capability to facilitate large-scale transactions, reinforcing its position in
the competitive crypto exchange landscape.

#### **OKX**

On January 25, 2024, OKX reported having 147,676 BTC in user asset holdings
with a total of 150,860 BTC in OKX wallet assets. This includes 143,675 BTC in
exchange wallets and 7,185 BTC in third-party custody.

The 102% coverage rate of OKX user asset holdings by wallet assets
demonstrates the exchange’s commitment to maintaining liquidity and securing
assets, highlighting its robustness and reliability in managing a significant
volume of Bitcoin, which supports the exchange’s operational integrity and
user trust.

## Indirect Bitcoin Exposure

As the name suggests, Indirect Bitcoin Exposure refers to investing in assets
or financial products that are related to Bitcoin’s performance without owning
Bitcoin directly. This can include investing in companies that hold
significant amounts of Bitcoin on their balance sheets, buying shares in
Bitcoin-focused ETFs (Exchange-Traded Funds), or investing in funds that
include Bitcoin or blockchain technology-related companies.

This approach allows investors to gain exposure to Bitcoin’s price movements
and the cryptocurrency market’s potential growth while minimizing some of the
risks involved with direct cryptocurrency ownership, such as security and
regulatory concerns.

### **Grayscale by ETFs. Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC)**

The Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC) is a popular investment vehicle that offers
indirect exposure to Bitcoin’s price movements without the need for investors
to directly buy or store Bitcoin. Grayscale manages this trust, holding a
substantial amount of Bitcoin on behalf of its investors.

As of February 10, 2024, the Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (GBTC) has significantly
expanded its Bitcoin holdings to an impressive 466,534.7 BTC. This substantial
accumulation of Bitcoin underscores Grayscale’s commitment to providing
investors with a robust and accessible means to gain exposure to Bitcoin
through a traditional investment structure.

The Trust’s strategy to hold a vast amount of Bitcoin directly aligns with its
objective to reflect the performance of Bitcoin, less fees and expenses,
offering investors a secure and regulated platform to invest in the
cryptocurrency market. Grayscale’s proactive approach to managing such a large
volume of Bitcoin highlights the growing acceptance and integration of digital
assets into mainstream investment portfolios. It also reinforces the trust and
confidence investors place in GBTC as a gateway to the digital asset space.

## What Country Owns the Most Bitcoin?

### **Bulgaria**

Bulgaria came into the spotlight for its Bitcoin holdings due to law
enforcement activities that resulted in the seizure of a considerable amount
of Bitcoin from criminal activities. Reports have suggested that at one point,
the government held over 200,000 BTC, positioning it as one of the countries
with significant Bitcoin assets.

### **The Ukrainian Government**

Ukraine has shown a progressive stance towards cryptocurrency, with government
initiatives to legalize and regulate the market. While not one of the largest
holders, it has been actively involved in utilizing cryptocurrencies for
transactions and funding, particularly in the context of receiving donations
and support through digital assets. Since the onset of Russia’s full-scale
invasion in 2022, Ukraine has seen a remarkable influx of support through
cryptocurrency, amassing $225 million in donations, as of Q3 2023. This figure
is part of a broader effort that includes billions in fiat donations, with the
crypto contributions specifically aiding in the procurement of essential
supplies for the war effort. Furthermore, BTC donations totaled up to $41
million of the total $225 million amount at the time of reporting.  

### **El Salvador**

El Salvador has made a significant commitment to Bitcoin, becoming the first
country to adopt it as legal tender. As of the latest update, El Salvador’s
Bitcoin investment strategy showcases a bold and innovative approach to
national financial management.

The country’s total Bitcoin holdings amount to 2,834 BTC, valued at
approximately $120,313,618.41. This investment was made at a total cost of
$140,685,952.29, reflecting a positive return of $20,372,333.88, or a 16.93%
increase in value. El Salvador’s venture into Bitcoin is not just a financial
investment but a strategic move towards financial inclusivity and
modernization, leveraging cryptocurrency’s potential to empower its economy
and its people.

### **Finland**

Finland’s government came to possess Bitcoin through seizures related to
criminal investigations. Like Bulgaria, these holdings are the result of law
enforcement actions against illicit activities involving cryptocurrencies. The
exact amount held can vary over time as assets are processed and decisions are
made regarding their use or sale.

### **The Georgian Government**

While specific details on the Georgian government’s direct Bitcoin holdings
may not be widely publicized, Georgia is recognized for its friendly stance
towards cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology. The country has a
significant number of mining operations due to its low electricity costs,
contributing to an environment where both private and potentially governmental
engagements with Bitcoin are facilitated.

### **United States Of America**

The United States has emerged as one of the largest holders of Bitcoin
globally, with an impressive stash estimated at $5 billion, stemming from
approximately 200,000 bitcoins. This significant accumulation is largely
attributed to seizures from cybercriminals and darknet market operations.
Managed by various federal agencies, including the Justice Department and the
IRS, these bitcoins are securely stored offline in hardware wallets. This
unique position highlights a contrast between the U.S. government’s role as a
major Bitcoin holder and other entities that might speculate on its value,
showcasing a strategic yet cautious approach to managing seized digital
assets.

## Top 20 Largest Bitcoin Wallet Addresses

Of course, the Bitcoin rich list is always changing because they can [receive
and send Bitcoin to another
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin). If
you want accurate information on the current wish list, your best bet is to
use a Bitcoin wallet tracker. However, at the time of writing, here are the
top 20 richest addresses so far.

### **Bitcoin Rich List**

Rich List Ranking| Bitcoin Address| Amount (BTC)  
---|---|---  
1| **34xp4vRoCGJym3xR7yCVPFHoCNxv4Twseo**| **248,597 BTC**  
2| bc1qgdjqv0av3q56jvd82tkdjpy7gdp9ut8tlqmgrpmv24sq90ecnvqqjwvw97| 194,010 BTC  
3| bc1ql49ydapnjafl5t2cp9zqpjwe6pdgmxy98859v2| 134,895 BTC  
4| bc1qazcm763858nkj2dj986etajv6wquslv8uxwczt| 94,643 BTC  
5| 37XuVSEpWW4trkfmvWzegTHQt7BdktSKUs| 94,505 BTC  
6| 1FeexV6bAHb8ybZjqQMjJrcCrHGW9sb6uF| 79,957 BTC  
7| 3E97AjYaCq9QYnfFMtBCYiCEsN956Rvpj2| 75,177 BTC  
8| bc1qa5wkgaew2dkv56kfvj49j0av5nml45x9ek9hz6| 69,370 BTC  
9| 3LYJfcfHPXYJreMsASk2jkn69LWEYKzexb| 68,200 BTC  
10| bc1qjasf9z3h7w3jspkhtgatgpyvvzgpa2wwd2lr0eh5tx44reyn2k7sfc27a4| 66,465 BTC  
11| 3M219KR5vEneNb47ewrPfWyb5jQ2DjxRP6| 61,648 BTC  
12| bc1qd4ysezhmypwty5dnw7c8nqy5h5nxg0xqsvaefd0qn5kq32vwnwqqgv4rzr| 59,300 BTC  
13| 1Ay8vMC7R1UbyCCZRVULMV7iQpHSAbguJP| 54,423 BTC  
14| 1LdRcdxfbSnmCYYNdeYpUnztiYzVfBEQeC| 53,880 BTC  
15| 1AC4fMwgY8j9onSbXEWeH6Zan8QGMSdmtA| 51,830 BTC  
16| 3MgEAFWu1HKSnZ5ZsC8qf61ZW18xrP5pgd| 48,753 BTC  
17| bc1qs5vdqkusz4v7qac8ynx0vt9jrekwuupx2fl5udp9jql3sr03z3gsr2mf0f| 45,766 BTC  
18| 1LruNZjwamWJXThX2Y8C2d47QqhAkkc5os| 44,000 BTC  
19| bc1q4j7fcl8zx5yl56j00nkqez9zf3f6ggqchwzzcs5hjxwqhsgxvavq3qfgpr| 40,202 BTC  
20| 3LQUu4v9z6KNch71j7kbj8GPeAGUo1FW6a| 37,927 BTC  
  
## How Many Bitcoin Wallets Are There?

As of 2024, the landscape of Bitcoin usage and ownership presents a
fascinating picture of cryptocurrency’s reach and engagement. With over 460
million Bitcoin addresses created, the scale of Bitcoin’s adoption is
significant. However, this number doesn’t directly translate to active users
due to the nature of Bitcoin allowing individuals to own multiple wallets. A
more telling statistic is the 67 million wallet addresses that hold a balance
of at least $1, shedding light on the active participation in the Bitcoin
economy.

This nuanced view underscores the diversity within the Bitcoin community, from
users with minimal investment to those deeply ingrained in its market
movements. Additionally, the daily transaction count of 371,267 highlights the
vibrant activity on the Bitcoin network, though it’s important to note that
not all transactions are indicative of unique users, as exchanges and services
contribute to this volume. This data provides a snapshot of Bitcoin’s
widespread, albeit complex, user base as the cryptocurrency continues to
evolve.

## Frequently Asked Questions About Sending Bitcoin

### **What Gives Bitcoin Its Value?**

Bitcoin’s value is derived from its limited supply (capped at 21 million
coins), the energy and computational power required to mine it, and its
growing adoption as a means of payment and store of value. Its decentralized
nature and security also contribute significantly to its perceived value.

### **What Is the Richest Bitcoin Address?**

The richest Bitcoin addresses are often those belonging to cryptocurrency
exchanges, holding vast amounts of Bitcoin in cold storage on behalf of their
users. The exact address changes over time due to the fluid nature of deposits
and withdrawals.

### **Who Owns the Most Bitcoins?**

Satoshi Nakamoto, the pseudonymous creator of Bitcoin, is believed to own the
most bitcoins, with estimates suggesting over 1 million BTC mined in the early
days of the network.

### **What Country Owns the Most Bitcoin?**

It’s challenging to accurately determine which country owns the most Bitcoin
due to the cryptocurrency’s decentralized and anonymous nature. However, the
United States dominates with 69,640 BTC, accounting for 90.3% of the world’s
government-held Bitcoin. This significant holding is largely thanks to the
FBI’s seizures, including a notable portion from the Silk Road’s founders and
the Bitfinex hack recovery.

### **What Is the Largest Bitcoin Transaction Ever Made?**

One of the largest Bitcoin transactions ever recorded involved moving 500,000
BTC in November 2011. However, large transactions are common on the blockchain
and often involve exchanges or large traders moving funds between wallets.

**Vineet Nair**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Who%20Owns%20the%20Most%20Bitcoin%3A%20The%20Largest%20Bitcoin%20Wallet%20Addresses&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwho-
owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-
addresses&title=Who%20Owns%20the%20Most%20Bitcoin%3A%20The%20Largest%20Bitcoin%20Wallet%20Addresses
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

