s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Rent Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective Transactions

May 17, 2024

![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)

## Key takeaways

  * Squads transactions rely on multiple on-chain accounts which require rent.

  * With Rent Reclaim, you can now reclaim these deposits, making Squads transactions more cost effective.

## Introducing Rent Reclaim

Squads transactions are asynchronous, with transaction creation, approval, and
execution split into separate steps. To support this asynchronous process,
Squads creates multiple on-chain accounts that require rent (an upfront
deposit paid in SOL). This makes Squads transactions slightly more expensive
than transactions made through traditional wallets such as Phantom.

With Rent Reclaim, you can now close on-chain accounts and reclaim the
associated rent as soon as a transaction enters a finalized state (executed,
canceled, rejected), making Squads transactions more cost-effective.

Once reclaimed, all transaction history will still be available and auditable
via Solana's ledger and block explorers.

Enable Rent Reclaim now on the [Settings page](http://app.squads.so/) of your
Squads account or head over to our
[docs](https://docs.squads.so/main/navigating-your-squad/transactions#rent-
reclaim) to learn more on how to turn on Rent Reclaim.

  

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

**About Squads Protocol**

Squads is a multisig protocol that helps web3-native teams manage and secure
digital assets on-chain. Squads Protocol v3 is the first formally verified
program on Solana. Squads Protocol v4 introduces time locks, spending limits,
roles, sub-accounts, fee relayers, multiple-party payments, support for
SquadsX and more. Squads v4 has already been audited by Neodyme, OtterSec, and
Trail of Bits. It is currently undergoing two formal verifications, one by
OtterSec and the other by Certora. To learn more about Squads Protocol, please
visit <https://squads.so/protocol>

Continue reading

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)
Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOLMay 17, 2024](./update-
introducing-squads-validator)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions
and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)[![squads-
multisig-frontend-alternative-ui-open-source-cli-tool-command-line-interace-
squads-protocol-solana-multisig-sdk-backup-
kit](https://framerusercontent.com/images/uAfAsDKP5JsZAuoDiRStU955nQ.png)Releasing
the Squads Backup KitFebruary 8, 2024](./squads-backup-kit)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

