Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Digital asset management in the banking sector: opportunities and challenges

  *  __ April 6, 2019
  *  __9 min
  *  __Interview with Seamus Donoghue, Chief Growth Officer at Metaco

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdigital-asset-management-in-the-banking-sector-opportunities-and-challenges%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdigital-asset-management-in-the-banking-sector-opportunities-and-challenges%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Financial industry expert Seamus Donoghue, talks about the opportunities and
main challenges of digital asset management in the banking sector.

### 1\. Cryptos, and the blockchain technology underlining it, were designed
to propose an alternative to the traditional banking system and yet, financial
institutions seem determined to integrate these digital assets into their
asset portfolios. Is that a defensive move?

It is definitely not a defensive move as, on the one hand, there is no
imminent threat to react to and, on the other hand, _banks will be the core of
financial markets for the foreseeable future_. Quite the opposite, banks are
embracing digital assets because of customer demand and the business
opportunities they entail.

Cryptocurrencies provide us the option to be our own bank and trade without
the need for intermediation. That is an _**extremely powerful value
proposition**_  but it also comes with a lot of risks.

[Self-custody of digital assets](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
means you have full responsibility for the safekeeping and integrity of your
own crypto assets, meaning you must be in a position to protect them from
_operational, physical and cyber threats_. This is why, if given the choice,
most people would opt for the banks, which they already trust for traditional
assets, to also manage their digital ones. In this sense, digital and
traditional assets do not differ significantly in the business opportunity
they present to financial institutions.

Beyond custody, whether we talk about cryptocurrencies or tokenized assets
such as securities, _**digital assets will allow banks to create entirely new
business lines, from trading to lending and asset management services**_. The
custody of cryptocurrencies is only the initial use case but it is an
essential base layer to _build the “digital stack”_. It will be the tip of the
iceberg in terms of the financial revolution that asset tokenization will
trigger.

### 2\. For banks aiming at onboarding digital assets, which are the main
challenges ahead?

Bank technology departments are familiar with the concept of managing private
keys and HSMs to authorize payments. However, the use of private keys to
secure digital assets presents an entirely new set of risks for the banks to
manage versus traditional payments or custody. For example, _if a private key
is lost or compromised so are the assets and once crypto transactions are
authorized they cannot be reversed_.

This is why simply securing private keys is not enough: **_it is equally
important to secure who can access them and how and when they can be used_**.
Even if the keys are secure, if the way they are used is compromised, then all
the funds are at risk. Traditional HSMs simply do not address these risks and
are not fit for purpose.

#### Security policies

The so-called “ _security policies_ ” — that are essential to the proper
governance and rules of the key use — are in most cases held outside of the
HSM making them vulnerable to being hacked. This is a challenge that banks are
only slowly beginning to appreciate. Adding to it, the approach cannot be
secure at all costs: _banks must be able to balance security and
availability/liquidity so to interact efficiently with the market_.
Essentially, the banking technology of yesterday needs to be replaced with
technology that fully addresses a new set of risks related to digital assets
banking.

It is also relevant to point out that — beyond the technical defies —
_compliance is also a challenge to overcome_. Banks are highly regulated
entities, and following years of compliance-related fines, move very
cautiously when faced with the new requirements, beyond the standard KYC and
source of funds of fiat currencies.

“ _Know your token_ ” or _forensic chain analysis_ , have, so far, been as
much a mental challenge, (i.e. what new risks will this mean for the bank?) as
a technical one. Fortunately, the _crypto eco-system is evolving very quickly_
with new compliance tools increasingly available and many regulators are
increasingly agile and getting out ahead of the banks, such as we have seen
with FINMA, and addressing regulatory uncertainty.

### 3\. So, essentially, securing and managing the private keys remains the
key challenge?

Absolutely. For banks, everything boils down to being able to access and
manage the assets securely. _The right balance of security and availability is
at the very foundation of digital asset management._  If the keys are held in
super-secure vaults with the private keys etched in metal then they are indeed
secure but by definition, they are also highly inaccessible and the bank will
be completely unresponsive to rapidly changing market opportunities and
conditions. If the keys are highly accessible and liquid then they are also
much less secure.

### 4\. So, how can banks overcome this challenge? Which solution should they
be looking at?

A bank will normally have a range of use cases, each with specific
security/liquidity tradeoffs. Hence, when assessing options, _they should
choose a unified and comprehensive solution that manages these tradeoffs while
remaining easy to integrate into their existing core banking system_.

Finding a “security above all else” storage solution for the keys is not
practical. A bank cannot offer custody by only relying on “deep cold”
disconnected wallets held in a bunker in the Swiss alps — nice and secure but
not sufficient to cover their many other use case requirements. Banks need a
unified solution with which to manage funds with a context-adapted balance of
security and liquidity. Essentially, this means having a _**platform that
supports cold, warm and hot wallets, with customizable governance and
security**_  for the transitions between those “temperatures”. That would
provide banks a foundation to manage all types of funds, from long-term
reserves to liquidity buffers and high-velocity payments and to securely build
new services on this new asset class.

#### Best technical solution for the banks

The best technical solution for the banks in need of a comprehensive [self-
custody infrastructure](https://www.metaco.com/vaults-flows/) shall be
_**highly secure, flexible, and scalable**_. The current best practice to hit
those requirements is to combine purpose-built integrated hardware and
software: _the interaction of software services and hardware security offers
all the elements of a full wallet management system, including key management,
wallet security, policy management, and ledger services_.

On the HSM side, tamper-proof hardware — designed specifically for digital
assets banking, which includes a trusted execution environment to store and
run all critical operations (i.e. secure the keys and governance of their use)
— is also essential. This is a key requirement when we speak about “hardware-
enforced security” and its key differentiator of purpose-built hardware vs
traditional HSMs.

To steal or compromise the keys with such “hardware-enforced security” the
hardware first needs to be broken and the best in class hardware solutions
have been designed to withstand not just a motivated hacker but also nation-
state attacks.

### 5\. After the so-called crypto-winter, what is your outlook for 2019?

For digital assets, 2017 was the year of the retail bubble; 2018, was the year
of the POC for banks and enterprises; and 2019 will be — without a doubt — the
year institutional participants and infrastructure providers join the party
with full production offerings.

Banks and other large financial participants entering this asset class will
make this market accessible to a much broader investor base than the narrow
community that drove the bubble of 2017. Institutional adoption will be the
foundation for profound changes in our existing financial markets. We are
witnessing the entire ecosystem rapidly evolve: _capital flowing in, clearer
regulatory framework, new players, etc_.

Custody is the essential foundation for the tokenized economy but as we said
earlier it is only the tip of the iceberg — get ready for an exponential
future as markets fully embrace this new technology.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

