[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * What is Celestia (TIA)?

# What is Celestia (TIA)?

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Apr 12, 2024 | **Updated Apr 12, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20is%20Celestia%20%28TIA%29%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-celestia-tia
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia&title=What%20is%20Celestia%20%28TIA%29%3F "Reddit")

![Blockcahin on a grey background](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/02_Blockchain_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Traditional blockchains perform all of their key roles on one chain, often
leading to compromises on scalability.  
  
— Celestia is a modular blockchain that acts as a data availability layer for
rollups and layer 2 blockchains, making them much more scalable.  
  
— Though it has some competition, Celestia has piqued the interest of some
major industry players as a potential solution to the blockchain scalability
problem.  
  
Many will be familiar with the blockchain trilemma, as first coined by
Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin. It’s the idea that a blockchain strives
for three primary features – decentralization, scalability, and security. The
problem is that a blockchain’s success in addressing one of these features
will inherently impact the others.

This stems from the monolithic structure of traditional blockchains. To
explain, monolithic blockchains such as Bitcoin and Ethereum, handle
execution, settlement, consensus, and data availability on the same
blockchain.

There’s where the problem lies: as the amount of blockchain data increases,
data availability becomes a major roadblock to the network’s scalability. To
increase their throughput, they must compromise on either decentralization or
security.

That’s where modular blockchains come in. Modular blockchains focus on only
one task that a monolithic blockchain would handle, leaving the rest of the
tasks for other chains. For example, [Blockchain
rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-blockchain-rollups) are a
prime example of modular blockchains: they only specialize in executing
transactions and let their base chain handle the rest.

Celestia is another type of modular blockchain. It focuses on carrying out
consensus and data availability. But how does Celestia work and could it help
solve the blockchain scalability problem?

Before we dive into Celestia and what it is, let’s first look at the reason it
exists.

## What Is Data Availability?

To understand the problem that it is solving, you need to know how the need
for data availability affects scalability.

To explain, data availability refers to processes that ensure that all of a
blockchain’s data is recorded on-chain and available to all participants. This
allows anyone to audit the chain and view transaction data, which is critical
for the security and integrity of a network.

So what does data availability have to do with scaling a blockchain? Well, for
a monolithic blockchain like Ethereum, data availability is guaranteed by each
full node in the network maintaining a copy of the whole blockchain. Every
full node must store the data of every single transaction in the history of
the network. While this is very secure, it limits the network’s speed. There’s
too big a burden on each node.

The only way to increase transaction speed in a monolithic blockchain is to
raise the hardware requirements for full nodes. The problem is that this leads
to fewer full nodes, which causes both decentralization and security to
suffer.

Celestia aims to provide a solution to this by essentially offloading the work
of data availability, similarly to how rollups offload the work of
transactions. But before we dive into the technical specifics, let’s dive into
what Celestia is.

## What is Celestia?

Celestia is the world’s first data availability blockchain network. By using a
[modular blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/modular-
blockchain) structure and separating data availability from transaction
execution, it addresses the scalability challenges associated with traditional
blockchains.

In other words, Celestia doesn’t multitask. The blockchain is not responsible
for executing and settling transactions, nor is it responsible for making sure
the transactions are valid. It has only one job – ensuring that transaction
data is available for anyone to access and verify. So,
[rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-blockchain-rollups) and
[layer 2 blockchains](https://www.ledger.com/academy/layer-2-blockchains-
explained), which execute transactions, can connect to Celestia and publish
their transaction data.

## The Origin of Celestia

Celestia is based on Mustafa Al-Bassam’s 2019 whitepaper, LazyLedger. The
concept behind Lazy Ledger is that the ledger abstains from computation or
execution tasks and just acts as a data availability layer.

Al-Bassam subsequently decided to build a team to develop a crypto project
based on his ideas and onboarded Ismail Khoffi and John Adler as co-founders.
Ismail Khoffi was a core developer for the
[Cosmos](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cosmos-the-future-of-blockchain-
interoperability) ecosystem and John Adler worked with optimistic rollup
technology. They rebranded the project as ‘Celestia’ in 2021, eventually
launching the Celestia mainnet on October 31, 2023.

Celestia has enjoyed the backing of some high-profile names in crypto such as
Bain Capital Crypto, Coinbase Ventures, and Jump Crypto. The excitement around
Celestia was further evidenced by its initial post-launch success. Indeed,
after launching its mainnet on October 31, 2023, its native token, ‘TIA’,
surged in price by 500% by mid-December.

In December 2023, Polygon Labs announced the integration of Celestia with the
Polygon Chain Development Kit (CDK). The integration now enables Polygon
developers to use Celestia as a plug-in component. Celestia also teamed up
with Optimism Labs to enable rollups built using the Optimism stack to use
Celestia or any other blockchain as a data availability layer.

In February 2024, Celestia became the first external project to contribute to
the Arbitrum Orbit protocol layer. Celestia’s integration now allows
developers to use Celestia alongside Arbitrum AnyTrust as a data availability
layer for Arbitrum rollups.

## What is TIA coin?

Celestia debuted its native token, TIA, at a price of around $2 in October
2023, along with the mainnet launch.

TIA coin primarily serves three use cases. Celestia is a [proof-of-stake
(PoS)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-stake)
network, which means TIA plays a key role in keeping the network secure. TIA
holders can stake the token to participate in the consensus mechanism and
governance of Celestia. Developers can also use TIA to pay for using
Celestia’s data availability services. Additionally, developers deploying
Celestia-based rollups can use TIA as a [gas
fee](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-is-gas-fee-in-crypto) token.

TIA has a total supply of one billion tokens, of which around 170 million are
currently in circulation. Around 6% of the total supply (about 60 million TIA)
was airdropped to developers, researchers, and key community participants. The
token is designed to be deflationary, meaning that its overall supply will
decrease over time.

## How Does Celestia Work?

So now you know what the Celestia network is all about, let’s dive into its
tech. As you know, it’s a modular blockchain. To operate, it relies on a few
key pieces:

### **Data Availability Proofs**

As previously mentioned, traditional blockchains require their nodes to
download all network data to validate transactions. The nodes with this
ability are known as full nodes and are resource-intensive.

There are other kinds of nodes, however, called light nodes. Light nodes can
download block headers but can’t download block data or validate transactions.
On one hand, this makes them much easier to run than full nodes, which makes
for a more scalable network. On the other hand, they are much less secure than
full nodes because they can’t access block data to verify transactions.

Celestia’s answer to this conundrum is data availability proofs, a way for
light nodes to verify that block data exists on the blockchain without having
to download all that data themselves.

There are two processes involved in providing data availability proofs:
erasure coding and data availability sampling.

#### **Erasure Coding  **

This process involves taking a block and expanding its data by adding erasure
code. For example, we could take a block containing 1MB of data, and add
another 1MB of erasure code turning it into a 2MB block.

Erasure coding makes it possible to recover an entire block as long as 50% of
the data is still there.

Let’s say a malicious block producer attempts to sneak some fraudulent
transactions onto the blockchain by omitting block data. Due to erasure
coding, a bad actor now must delete more than 50% of the block data to try and
sneak their transaction in. The next step of data availability proofing is how
light nodes carry out this function.

#### **Data Availability Sampling**

Data availability sampling is when light nodes download small random data
samples from erasure-coded blocks. If a node’s download attempt fails, it
assumes that block data has been omitted and rejects the block. After just
seven rounds of random sampling, light nodes can be 99% confident that no
block data has been omitted.

These processes make Celestia highly scalable.

## Pros of Celestia

### **Accessibility**

Celestia focuses on transaction data availability, separating execution and
settlement layers. Developers can experiment by deploying customized
blockchains and applications with their own terms of execution and settlement.

Moreover, Celestia makes deploying blockchains and rollups accessible by
reducing the associated overhead. Storing and processing large amounts of data
can be resource-intensive and costly. Thanks to data availability sampling,
fewer resources are required to run a node.

### **Interoperability**

Celestia is interoperable with any layer 2 blockchain or rollup, irrespective
of which mainnet it uses for settlement. It’s also compatible with many
developer tools, from the Polygon CDK to the Optimism Stack. Regardless of
whether a rollup uses [Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
ethereum), Optimism, or
[Arbitrum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-arbitrum)
for settlement, it can publish its transaction on Celestia.

When layer 2 blockchains and rollups publish their transaction data on
Celestia, they must submit data availability proofs. These cryptographic
proofs demonstrate that a particular data set exists and is available on the
blockchain, without revealing the data itself. All layer 2 blockchains and
rollups connected to Celestia can verify each other’s data availability
proofs. This gives these chains an indirect avenue of communication.  

## Cons of Celestia

### **Not Battle Tested**

Celestia is still in its nascent stages. As per the official documentation,
Celestia is an “ambitious new technology”. It also warns users to expect
“occasional instability or reduced performance.”

Potential technical glitches aside, it is still too early to ascertain the
project’s long-term viability and potential for adoption. While Celestia’s
modular blockchain is a unique solution to blockchain scalability, some
monolithic blockchains like Solana are already efficient and cheap. In other
words, Celestia already has strong competition.

## The Future of Celestia Network

Celestia has ambitious goals. Firstly it wants to increase its block size to
1GB, up from 2MB at launch. It also wishes to achieve data throughput to
support a million rollups and have a billion light nodes. It also plans to
create the ability to run these light nodes on smartphones.

Despite the competition, Celestia has already carved out an important place in
the crypto market. Countless Rollups-as-a-service (RaaS) projects have already
integrated Celestia into their ecosystems. The most popular of these projects
include AltLayer, Caldera, Vistara, Gateway, and Snapchain.

And of course, to access the wider Celestia ecosystem, you’ll need some TIA.
Luckily, it’s easy to manage your TIA with Ledger’s [Celestia
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/celestia). If you’re experimenting
with layer 2 blockchains and rollups, Ledger supports countless chains and
allows you to generate multiple accounts. And you can manage them all with a
single device.

Prepare yourself for a multichain future with a [Ledger
device](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/celestia)!

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20is%20Celestia%20%28TIA%29%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-celestia-tia
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia&title=What%20is%20Celestia%20%28TIA%29%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=cedcf23a-f8d8-4610-8395-d1a8b9e3d32c&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=f65dc926-284e-4267-98d1-039d8a482fd0&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-
tia&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=cedcf23a-f8d8-4610-8395-d1a8b9e3d32c&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=f65dc926-284e-4267-98d1-039d8a482fd0&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-
tia&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=da49a568-2982-44a1-be9b-2c7a3b54ffce&sid=33bac7e01cfd11ef84d617ae9a73a525&vid=33baf4c01cfd11ef815e194bf7ebeff8&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20is%20Celestia%20\(TIA\)%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-celestia-tia&r=&lt=1613&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=265335)

