  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [BlackRock’s Move Into
Asset Tokenization](/blog/blackrock-move-into-asset-tokenization)

##### Cryptocurrency

# BlackRock’s Move Into Asset Tokenization

Published on: Apr 9, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Asset Tokenization**
  * **The BUIDL Token**
  * **What are Real World Assets in Web3**
  * **The Effect of BlackRock's Move Into Asset Tokenization**

##### In Brief

Explore BlackRock's entry into asset tokenization with the BlackRock USD
Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund and the BUIDL token.

![BlackRock’s Move Into Asset
Tokenization](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblackrock_asset_tokenization_de62fb1823.png&w=3840&q=75)

BlackRock, the world's largest asset manager, has made a significant move into
asset tokenization. With the launch of the BlackRock USD Institutional Digital
Liquidity Fund, and its blockchain-based BUIDL token, BlackRock aims to
redefine the way real world assets are represented and traded. This move marks
a pivotal moment in the evolution of decentralized finance (DeFi) and
underscores the growing adoption of blockchain technology in mainstream
finance.

In this article, we explore BlackRock's recent entry into asset tokenization,
exploring its future implications.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Understanding Asset Tokenization

Asset tokenization is the process of converting real world assets (RWAs), such
as real estate, stocks, commodities or securities, into digital tokens. These
assets are tokenized and represented as digital tokens on blockchain
platforms. Tokenized assets represent fractional ownership of the underlying
asset and can be traded or transferred peer-to-peer on blockchain networks.
Tokenization bridges the gap between traditional finance and the decentralized
world of blockchain.

This innovative approach offers numerous benefits, including increased
liquidity, fractional ownership, and enhanced accessibility to traditionally
illiquid assets. By leveraging blockchain technology, asset tokenization
enables seamless transactions, transparent ownership records, and automated
processes through smart contracts.

### Before We Get Started

Before we explore BlackRock’s recent move into asset tokenization, it’s
important to remember that you can manage RWA tokens using a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), such as Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. [Download the latest version of Trust
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) today.

![blackrock-asset-tokenization-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblackrock_asset_tokenization_3_42ecd71274.png&w=3840&q=75)

### BlackRock Enters Asset Tokenization Race

BlackRock, one of the world's largest investment management firms, recently
made strides into asset tokenization by launching a fund aimed at tokenizing
traditional financial assets. This move reflects BlackRock's recognition of
the potential benefits of blockchain technology in transforming the financial
industry. This comes in addition to Blackrocks’s involvement in crypto with
its [Bitcoin ETF](https://trustwallet.com/blog/bitcoin-spot-etf-approval-a-
milestone-for-crypto).

### BlackRock USD Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund

BlackRock’s USD Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund, or BUIDL Fund,
represents a notable development in BlackRock's venture into asset
tokenization. Unlike traditional money market funds, BUIDL is a tokenized fund
that operates on the Ethereum blockchain. Through a process called
tokenization, ownership of the fund's assets are represented by digital
tokens.

![blackrock-asset-tokenization-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblackrock_asset_tokenization_2_1bc29f4c0b.png&w=3840&q=75)

#### Focus on stability and liquidity

BUIDL Fund prioritizes stability and liquidity for investors. It holds only
highly liquid and low-risk assets like cash and U.S. Treasury bills. This
approach aims to provide institutional investors with a steady return with
minimal risk, easing their entry into the digital asset space.

#### Minimum investment

Given the focus on institutional investors, the minimum investment amount for
the fund is high at $5 million.

#### Payout strategy

The BUIDL token, representing shares in the fund, offers a potential advantage
over traditional investment structures. It's designed to pay out daily accrued
dividends directly to investor wallets. This can provide a more consistent
stream of income compared to traditional funds that might pay dividends
quarterly or annually.

#### Exposure to digital assets

While the fund itself holds only traditional assets, it offers exposure to the
digital asset world through its tokenized structure. Investors gain experience
with blockchain technology and potentially benefit from future advancements in
the space.

## The BUIDL Token

The BUIDL token serves as the digital representation of holdings in the
BlackRock USD Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund. The BUIDL token is backed
entirely by cash, US Treasury bills, and repurchase agreements.

Each BUIDL token is backed by a proportional share of the fund's holdings,
providing investors with a transparent and auditable means to track their
investment. Powered by smart contracts and built on the Ethereum blockchain,
the BUIDL token facilitates seamless trading and settlement. This eliminates
the need for intermediaries, potentially reducing costs and streamlining the
overall process.

The BUIDL token offers investors an innovative avenue to participate in
traditional financial instruments within the decentralized framework of
blockchain technology.

## What are Real World Assets in Web3

[Real world assets in Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-are-tokenized-
real-world-assets-in-web3) refer to tangible or financial assets that are
tokenized and represented on blockchain networks. These types of assets are
often referred to as [RWA crypto tokens](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-
are-tokenized-real-world-assets-in-web3).

Real world assets play a crucial role in blockchain and decentralized finance
(DeFi) by bridging the gap between traditional finance and the digital world.
They introduce liquidity, accessibility, and transparency to assets that were
previously illiquid or difficult to access. Additionally, real world assets
enable the creation of innovative financial products, such as tokenized
securities and fractional ownership opportunities, expanding the scope of
investment and financial inclusion in the decentralized ecosystem.

### Examples of Real World Assets in Web3

  * **Real estate:** Properties such as residential homes, commercial buildings, and land can be tokenized, allowing investors to own fractions of these assets.

  * **Artwork and collectibles:** Unique pieces of art and collectibles can be tokenized as Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs), enabling ownership and trading on blockchain platforms.

  * **Commodities:** Physical commodities like gold, silver, and oil can be represented as tokens on blockchain networks, facilitating trading and investment.

  * **Financial securities:** Traditional financial instruments such as stocks, bonds, and investment funds can be tokenized. This provides investors with access to these assets in a digital format on decentralized platforms.

![blackrock-asset-tokenization-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblackrock_asset_tokenization_1_894a108b07.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The Effect of BlackRock's Move Into Asset Tokenization

BlackRock's involvement serves as a major validation for asset tokenization,
potentially attracting more institutional investors and accelerating
mainstream adoption. This move is likely to spur further innovation in the
space, driving development of new tokenization protocols, security measures,
and regulatory frameworks. We may see the tokenization of a wider range of
asset classes, including intellectual property, private equity, and even
carbon credits.

### Closing Thoughts

BlackRock's entry into asset tokenization represents a significant step
towards mainstream adoption of blockchain-based financial products. It
underscores the growing acceptance of blockchain technology by institutional
investors and traditional financial institutions. The launch of the BlackRock
USD Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund has the potential to democratize
access to institutional-grade assets and reshape the asset management
industry.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

