[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvY3J5cHRvL2J1eS9HQlAvQlRD)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvY3J5cHRvL2J1eS9HQlAvQlRD)

Orders

Buy Crypto

Buy

Sell

Spend

No results

Receive

No results

Log In/Sign Up

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google [Privacy
Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and [Terms of
Service](https://policies.google.com/terms) apply.

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

