[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and Beyond

# What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and Beyond

By **Gaurav Roy**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Mar 15, 2024 | **Updated Mar 15, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20the%20Ethereum%20Roadmap%3A%20Upgrades%20in%202024%20and%20Beyond&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-the-ethereum-
roadmap-next-upgrades
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades&title=What%20Is%20the%20Ethereum%20Roadmap%3A%20Upgrades%20in%202024%20and%20Beyond
"Reddit")

![Blockcahin on a grey background](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/02_Blockchain_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The Ethereum network ensures constant progress through its roadmap, allowing
it to improve the protocol while addressing new challenges and developments in
crypto.  
  
— After the Merge and Shanghai upgrade, the Ethereum roadmap has been updated
to make the network scalable, resilient, and more secure.  
  
— The next upgrade Ethereum will undergo is the Prague/Electra upgrade, which
is not yet scheduled.  
  
As the pioneering network for smart contracts, Ethereum has enabled an entire
ecosystem to come to life. It is home to the majority of today’s decentralized
applications (dApps) and powers an entire sector of decentralized financial
services that host tens of billions of dollars.

Since its founding in 2015, Ethereum has grown tremendously, winning the
support of individuals, communities, and businesses across the globe. Still,
the network has some growing to do before it can gain the acceptance of a
mainstream audience.

Indeed, for Ethereum to become accessible, affordable, and resilient enough to
be adopted by the masses, there are several challenges that it must still
overcome. And mapping out those challenges, and how the network might solve
them, is precisely why the Ethereum roadmap exists.

But what exactly are the challenges facing Ethereum? And how will its planned
upgrades help to prepare it for mass adoption? Let’s explore what the future
holds for the world’s second-largest cryptocurrency.

## What Is the Ethereum Roadmap For?

For all of Ethereum’s success as a global coordination platform, it has some
shortcomings. Most notably, the network suffers from slow transaction speeds
and high fees during times of high congestion.

This is arguably Ethereum’s biggest roadblock when it comes to onboarding more
users. After all, if Ethereum actually reached something close to mainstream
adoption in its current state, it would likely be unreasonably slow and
expensive. This is, generally speaking, what people mean when they talk about
the scalability of a blockchain. It’s the idea that the network needs to be
able to scale up and accommodate many more users while still functioning well.

Of course, tackling Ethereum’s scalability challenges brings about what is
known as the [blockchain trilemma](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-
blockchain-trilemma). This phrase was coined by Ethereum co-founder, Vitalik
Buterin, and refers to the concept that, while there are three key elements in
a blockchain – decentralization, scalability, and security – you can only
optimize for two of them. In other words, you can have a fully decentralized
and highly secure blockchain, but it won’t be scalable. And so on and so on.

As a result of this, Ethereum has to remain highly adaptable as it continues
to address its challenges while pursuing an optimal balance of
decentralization, scalability, and security. Not to mention that, with the
hyper-innovative, constantly changing nature of crypto, Ethereum has to be
able to integrate new features, assets, and applications as they appear.

There needs to be a way to keep track of all the upgrades that Ethereum needs,
which is why the roadmap exists. It’s essentially a list of all the specific
changes necessary to make the network cheaper and easier to use, more secure,
and futureproof.

## How Are Ethereum Upgrades Decided On?

As a decentralized network and open-source network, Ethereum is not controlled
by a single entity. The upgrades proposed in the roadmap generally come from
Ethereum researchers and developers, but essentially anyone can offer
suggestions to upgrade the protocol.

Basically, any interested person can propose a change by creating an Ethereum
Improvement Proposal (EIP), which outlines the technical specifications for
the proposed changes. The community of Ethereum developers and researchers
then reviews, debates, and potentially implements the EIP. It’s important to
note that EIPs generally grow out of discussions on major Ethereum forums or
the EthR&D Discord that then mature into specific ideas for improvements.

Another key point about the roadmap is that it is subject to change. The
points on the roadmap can evolve as new information, ideas, and technologies
become available.

For example, the roadmap previously laid out plans to scale the network
through sharding, a method that involves splitting up the blockchain so
subsets of validators handle only a portion of the total data. This is no
longer a part of the roadmap now as
[danksharding](https://www.ledger.com/academy/danksharding-and-proto-
danksharding-explained), which integrates ‘blobs’ of data into Ethereum
blocks, has replaced the earlier proposed sharding approach.

## What Changes Are Coming to Ethereum?

### **Scalability**

As previously mentioned, scalability is a major issue for Ethereum to address.
Thus, the Ethereum roadmap features several planned upgrades to that end.

#### **Danksharding**

Danksharding is the current plan for making Ethereum transactions much cheaper
and faster and it revolves around Layer 2 solutions, specifically [blockchain
rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-blockchain-rollups).

To sum up, Danksharding will enable the Ethereum network to process the
bundled transactions that come from layer two roll ups without having to store
all of their data permanently.

#### **Single-Slot Finality**

Currently, it takes about 15 minutes for an Ethereum block to finalize. The
introduction of single-slot finality (SSF) aims to make the block validation
process more efficient. Under the SSF mechanism, blocks can be proposed and
finalized in the same slot, significantly decreasing the time it takes to
finalize a block.

#### **Verkle Trees**

A blend of the two concepts  “Vector commitment” and “[Merkle
Trees](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/merkle-tree),” Verkle trees
serve as a data structure to upgrade nodes. Notably, Verkle Trees make it
possible for Ethereum to use stateless clients. These stateless clients
ultimately help scalability as they only need a tiny amount of storage space
to be able to verify new blocks.

### **User Experience**

As crypto gains mainstream adoption, blockchains must offer better UX design
and customer experience to appeal to the non-technical masses. This is the key
to bringing the technology to more users and advancing the next generation of
decentralized applications.

This need for an improved user experience is partly being addressed by a group
of upgrades, collectively referred to as account abstraction. This class of
upgrades will support smart contracts natively on Ethereum. Currently, smart
contract interactions can only happen through externally owned accounts
(EOAs).

Account abstraction will bring about many exciting features natively to
Ethereum, such as the ability to batch transactions together, recover your
account if you lose the keys, or have someone else pay for your gas.

### **Security**

Every day, attackers try to find new ways to exploit the Ethereum network and
its users. Ethereum is exploring the following features to provide top-notch
security and keep attackers at bay.

#### **Proposer-Builder Separation (PBS)**

PBS splits the block-building and block-proposal tasks among different
validators. For each slot, block builders create blocks and present them to
the block proposer, who can then choose the most profitable block without
seeing its contents. The proposer also has to pay a fee to the block builder
before sending the block to its peers. This arrangement prevents transaction
censorship, establishes a fairer consensus mechanism, and facilitates the
Danksharding upgrade.

#### **Clever Cryptography**

The proof-of-stake (PoS) based consensus mechanism currently makes the list of
upcoming block proposers public, making it possible to map their IP addresses.
This makes them vulnerable to attacks such as a DOS attack. Clever
cryptography here makes sure the identity of the current block proposer is not
made public and protects them.

## Where are we on the Ethereum Roadmap so far?

Over the last nine years, Ethereum has gone through several upgrades to
enhance its network, with the last two major upgrades being the Merge and
Shanghai.

### **What Was the Merge?**

Activated on Sept. 15, 2022, [the
Merge](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-ethereum-2-0) was a way
to complete Ethereum’s shift from the energy-intensive Proof-of-Work (PoW)
consensus mechanism to the more efficient Proof-of-Stake (PoS), where
validators are randomly selected based on the total amount and duration of
their ETH staking.

In December 2020, developers launched the Beacon Chain as a basic PoS-based
version running parallel to the regular Ethereum mainnet. They used it to test
reconfigurations and new features safely.

Just under two years later in September 2022, the integration of both the
Beacon Chain and the mainnet marked Ethereum’s official adoption of the PoS
consensus mechanism across its ecosystem.

### **What was the Shanghai Upgrade?**

After the Merge, [the Ethereum Shanghai
Upgrade](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ethereums-shanghai-upgrade-is-coming-
what-you-need-to-know), also known as the Shapella upgrade, was a major step
in finalizing Ethereum’s move from PoW to PoS. While this planned hard fork of
the protocol opened the door to new developments, it also unlocked the ability
to withdraw staked ETH from [the Beacon
Chain](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ethereums-shanghai-upgrade-is-coming-what-
you-need-to-know).

Up until the Shanghai upgrade, those who staked their ETH on the Beacon Chain
were unable to withdraw their locked-up ETH and the rewards earned in the
process. However, following the Shanghai upgrade on April 12, 2023, validators
could finally access their ETH holdings and cash out their rewards.

### What was the Dencun Upgrade**?**

[The Dencun Upgrade](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/dencun), one of
the major upgrades, went live on March 13th. It’s designed to reduce costs for
layer-2 transactions and enhance data availability on Ethereum. Notably, this
upgrade introduces “proto-danksharding”, the first step to scaling the network
through danksharding.

[Proto-danksharding](https://www.ledger.com/academy/danksharding-and-proto-
danksharding-explained), or EIP-4844, introduced data “blobs”—an acronym for
‘Binary Large Objects.’ These data blobs can be sent and attached to blocks,
aiming to minimize the data stored permanently on Ethereum.

Currently, layer-2 scaling solution rollups post their transactions in
CALLDATA, which is costly because their data remains on the chain
indefinitely. In contrast, the data in blobs are automatically deleted after a
fixed period, reducing data storage costs and thus lowering transaction fees
for users.

## What’s next on the Ethereum Roadmap?

Now, the Ethereum network is preparing for more upgrades to advance its
capabilities. Here’s what’s next in line for the blockchain:

### **Prague/Electra Upgrade**

Once implemented, the Dencun upgrade will allow developers to focus on the
next update, the Prague/Electra upgrade (Pralectra). Interestingly, there is
still a debate among core Ethereum devs about what Pralectra will entail.

On one hand, it could look like several smaller EIPs focused on adding new
features to the network. For example, one of the major proposals for this
upgrade is [EIP-6110](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-6110), which would
improve Ethereum’s security and stability by changing the way that the network
processes its validators’ deposits.  

Otherwise, Pralectra could end up being a major protocol upgrade that would
add Verkle Trees to the blockchain’s execution layer. As previously mentioned,
Verkle Trees are an important milestone in the overall Ethereum roadmap,
important for increasing its scalability.

While the specific items that Prague/Electra will center on are still being
decided, this upgrade will undoubtedly make further improvements to the
network’s performance, security, and usability.

## The Future of Ethereum

Over the past decade, cryptocurrency has emerged as a revolutionary answer to
the traditional financial world by offering a decentralized, permissionless,
and secure alternative to traditional banking systems. In the same spirit,
Ethereum has brought forth a wave of innovation in global decentralization.
With its advanced technology, growing ecosystem, and constant evolution, the
future of the pioneering smart contract chain is bright indeed.

And it’s a future that you can be a part of! By getting yourself a [Ledger
device](https://shop.ledger.com/), you unlock all that the Ethereum ecosystem
has to offer, all while enjoying the power and security of self-custody.  
So what are you waiting for? Take your place at the forefront of the Ethereum
evolution and [explore](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) the bleeding edge
of innovation in the decentralized world.

**Gaurav Roy**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Gaurav began writing professionally in 2017. Since then, he has assisted over
100 companies in a variety of domains, including e-commerce, blockchain,
cybersecurity, online marketing, and a lot more. He is also keen on learning a
new skill every year. In his free time, he likes playing games on his Xbox and
scrolling through Quora.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20the%20Ethereum%20Roadmap%3A%20Upgrades%20in%202024%20and%20Beyond&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-the-ethereum-
roadmap-next-upgrades
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades&title=What%20Is%20the%20Ethereum%20Roadmap%3A%20Upgrades%20in%202024%20and%20Beyond
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-token-approvals-explained)

[Ethereum Token Approvals Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-
token-approvals-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/danksharding-and-proto-danksharding-
explained)

[Danksharding and Proto-danksharding
Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/danksharding-and-proto-danksharding-
explained)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=b68e7bb8-f77d-4201-8f33-c66071bb2907&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0f70896c-ca5c-49f1-9246-d9230c2c760a&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=b68e7bb8-f77d-4201-8f33-c66071bb2907&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0f70896c-ca5c-49f1-9246-d9230c2c760a&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=1815acbb-1994-4dca-
bd94-acf2b6d6fc4e&sid=37c06db01cfd11efabf9476d58299ff4&vid=37c071501cfd11ef908257e0ba9b7874&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20the%20Ethereum%20Roadmap%3A%20Upgrades%20in%202024%20and%20Beyond%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades&r=&lt=1602&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=902837)

