[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/dnRZthXJm9VW4tQ7b8xBO60WI.png)](./)

[Developer](./#developer)[Download](./#download-1)

Privacy Policy

Last Update: April 2023

At Code Inc., we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it
through our compliance with this policy. We have prepared this privacy policy
to explain the manner in which we collect, use and disclose personal
information through the Code Wallet (the âAppâ) and in our other
interactions with you.

The Code App is a non-custodial wallet that allows users to access their Kin
currency, and send and receive Kin. Users cannot purchase Kin within Code.

Table of Contents

[Collection And Use Of Personal Information](./privacy#collection-and-use-of-
information)

[Sharing Of Personal Information](./privacy#sharing-of-personal-information)

[Information About Our App](./privacy#information-about-our-app)

[Safeguards And Retention](./privacy#safeguards-and-retention)

[Access To Information](./privacy#access-to-information)

[Updates To The Privacy Policy](./privacy#updates-to-the-privacy-policy)

[Contact Us](./privacy#contact-us)

Collection and Use of Information

How we collect and use personal information through the App and in our other
interactions with you

We may collect personal information when you:

  * Create an account and use the App

  * Participate in our surveys

  * Sign up for marketing emails

  * Contact us with a comment, question or complaint

**Creating an Account and Using the App:** You will be asked to create an
account before you can use the App. We collect and verify your phone number,
and request access to your contacts. Code is presently invitation only and you
must be invited by a current User to join. We use this information to
authenticate your request for an account, and to create and administer your
account. We will never ask you for your password or other credentials in any
unsolicited communication (such as letters, phone calls or email messages). If
you become aware of any unauthorized access to or use of your account, you are
required to notify us immediately.

**With your invitation, we collect the following information, some of which is
Personal Information: Who invited you to join Code, your mobile phone number
and your contact phone numbers. We do not collect or store contact names,
images or metadata for you or your contacts. We use this information for
account verification and enabling users to invite others, as well as internal
business analysis and other internal business purposes.**

**Once your account is activated, we may collect certain limited information
to create your profile, and information about your deviceâs registered
locale and language preferences. We use information regarding your location to
provide an up-to-date value of your Kin in relation to your local currency.**

**Finally, we collect and use certain information when you use the App, such
as information about your Kin transactions (e.g. deposits and withdrawals, and
records of Kin sent to or received from other Code users). We use this
information to keep records of your transactions, and to update your Code
Wallet.**

**Surveys:** From time to time, we may offer you the opportunity to
participate in one of our surveys. The information obtained through our
surveys is used in an aggregated, de-identified form. We use this information
to help us understand our users and to enhance our Website.

**Contact Us:** When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint
through [privacy@getcode.com](http://privacy@getcode.com/), you may be asked
for information that identifies you, such as your name and telephone number,
along with additional information such as email address we need to help us
promptly answer your question or respond to your comment.  We may retain this
information to assist you in the future and to improve our customer service
and service offerings.

Sharing of Personal Information

We do not sell or disclose your personal information to third parties without
your consent, except as set forth below or as required or permitted by law.

**Service Providers:** Your personal information will be transferred (or
otherwise made available) to certain third parties that provide services on
our behalf. We use service providers to provide services such as hosting the
App, providing user authentication and verification services and offering
opportunities to buy Kin. Our service providers are only provided with the
information they need to perform their designated functions and are not
authorized to use or disclose personal information for their own marketing or
other purposes. Our service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada or
other foreign jurisdictions.

**Legal and Compliance:** We and our Canadian, US and other foreign service
providers may provide your personal information in response to a search
warrant to other legally valid inquiry or order, or to another organization
for the purposes of investigating a breach of an agreement or contravention of
law or detecting, suppressing or preventing fraud, or as otherwise may be
required or permitted by applicable Canadian, U.S. or other law or legal
process, which may include lawful access by US or foreign courts, law
enforcement or other government authorities. Your personal information may
also be disclosed where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence
of legal claims and to investigate or prevent actual or suspected loss or harm
to persons or property.

**Sale of Business:** We may transfer any information we have about you as an
asset in connection with a proposed or completed merger, acquisition or sale
(including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings)
involving all or part of Code Inc. or as part of a corporate reorganization or
other change in corporate control.

Information About Our App

In addition, when you install or use our App, we may collect and use the
following additional information.

**Usage Data:** When you access and use the App, we may automatically collect
certain details of your access to and use of the App, including information
about the type of device hardware and operating system, unique device
identifier, IP address, and language settings of your device. We also collect
information about the date and time the App accesses our servers. We use this
information to help us understand the activity on our App, to monitor and
improve our App, and to tailor your in-App experience. In addition, we may use
third party service providers to collect analytical information about your use
of the App, such as the App features used and time spent on the App, to help
us tailor your in-app experience, improve our products and the quality of our
App, and to manage and analyze data in order to better understand our users.

**Information about your Device:** As with many applications, certain limited
data is required for the App to function on your device. This data includes
the type of device hardware and operating system, unique device identifier, IP
address, language settings, and the date and time the App accesses our
servers. We use this information to help us understand the activity on our
App, to monitor and improve our App, and to tailor your in-App experience. In
addition, we may use third party service providers to collect analytical
information about your use of the App, such as the App features used and time
spent on the App, to help us tailor your in-app experience, improve our
products and the quality of our App, and to manage and analyze data in order
to better understand our users.

**Third Party Links:** Our App may contain links to other websites that Code
Inc. does not own or operate. We provide links to third party websites as a
convenience to the user. These links are not intended as an endorsement of or
referral to the linked websites. The linked websites have separate and
independent privacy policies, notices and terms of use. We do not have any
control over such websites, and therefore we have no responsibility or
liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked
websites may collect, use or disclose, secure and otherwise treat personal
information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you
visit.

Safeguards And Retention

We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures
in an effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control
against theft, loss and unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure.
We restrict access to personal information on a need-to-know basis to
employees and authorized service providers who require access to fulfil their
job requirements. We have record retention processes designed to retain
personal information for no longer than necessary for the purposes set out
herein or as otherwise required to meet legal or business requirements.

Access to Information

If we receive a request from an individual to access or update personal
information we maintain on behalf of a customer, we will direct that
individual to the relevant customer. We will assist our customers wherever
possible in responding to individual access requests. Subject to applicable
law, you have the right to access, update and correct inaccuracies in your
personal information in our custody or control. You may request access,
updating and corrections of inaccuracies in your personal information in our
custody or control by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set
out below. We may request certain personal information for the purpose of
verifying the identity of the individual seeking access to his or her personal
information records.

Updates to the Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy periodically to reflect changes to our
privacy practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page to ensure
you are familiar with those changes. We will indicate at the top of this
privacy policy when it was most recently updated.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or comments about this privacy policy or the manner
in which we or our service providers (including our service providers outside
Canada) treat your personal information, or to request access to our
collection of your personal information, please contact us at:

Eileen Lyon, CCO

Suite 182, 256-C Phillip St., Waterloo, ON N2L 6B6, Canada

[privacy@getcode.com](mailto:privacy@getcode.com)

Â© Code Inc. 2024

[Blog](./blog/seed-round)

[Security Policy](./security)

[Privacy Policy](./privacy)

[Terms of Service](./terms)

