  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Exploring ERC404: A Hybrid Token Standard Built On Ethereum](/blog/erc-404)

##### Blockchain

# Exploring ERC404: A Hybrid Token Standard Built On Ethereum

Published on: Feb 8, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is ERC404?**
  * **The Most Popular ERC404 Tokens**
  * **The Birth of Pandora: ERC404 in Action**
  * **The Potential and Risks of ERC404**

##### In Brief

Dive into the innovative world of ERC404, a hybrid token standard merging
ERC20 and ERC721 tokens on Ethereum. Learn how it works, including the risks
for users and opportunities for Ethereum.

![Exploring ERC404: A Hybrid Token Standard Built On
Ethereum](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fexploring_erc404_8b50e0fa10.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

The Ethereum blockchain is renowned for its adaptability and the continuous
evolution of token standards, which enhance the protocol’s functionality and
utility. Among these innovations is the ERC404 standard, an unofficial hybrid
token model that aims to bridge the gap between fungible tokens (like ERC20)
and non-fungible tokens (NFTs, such as ERC721). This blog post delves into the
essence of ERC404, its first application through the Pandora project, and why
its emergence could be a pivotal development for
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet).

_**Note:** Please note that although ERC404 has been independently audited, it
currently has not been officially recognized as a token standard within the
Ethereum ecosystem. This fact can potentially put your assets at risk, should
you decide to interact with any ERC404 project. This article aims to inform
and should not be seen as an endorsement of ERC404 projects, nor is it
intended as financial advice. We encourage you to proceed with caution and do
your own research before interacting with any ERC404 project._

## What is ERC404?

At its core, ERC404 represents an experimental token standard developed by the
Pandora team. It uniquely combines the fungibility of ERC20 tokens with the
uniqueness and collectibility of ERC721 NFTs. This hybrid approach allows for
the creation of tokens that possess both qualities, offering new possibilities
for digital asset ownership and trading.

**It's crucial to note that at the time of this article’s writing, ERC404 has
_not_ undergone the official Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) process**,
which is the standard procedure for vetting and adopting new features or
changes within the Ethereum ecosystem. This process ensures that proposals are
thoroughly discussed and scrutinized by the community, assessing their
security, utility, and compatibility.

**The official EIP process typically goes through stages as follows:**

  * **Draft:** An initial proposal stage where new ideas are introduced for community feedback.

  * **Review:** A deeper examination by the community to refine and improve the proposal.

  * **Last Call:** A final review period for any last-minute feedback before finalization.

  * **Final:** The proposal is accepted as part of the Ethereum protocol standards.

It’s important to note that the Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) process
plays a crucial role in the development and evolution of the Ethereum
blockchain. This formal process is vital for maintaining the blockchain's
integrity, security, and forward momentum.

With this in mind, ERC404's status remains unofficial, which means it’s yet to
be formally recognized or endorsed by the Ethereum Foundation. Although we
cannot say if this will change or not, you can stay updated by periodically
checking [the official Ethereum Improvement Proposal
page](https://eips.ethereum.org/erc).

## The Most Popular ERC404 Tokens

There are a number of ERC404 tokens gaining popularity, including Pandora,
DeFrogs, and more. Here’s a list of tokens that are trending at the time of
writing.

![exploring-erc404-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fexploring_erc404_1_6d37816576.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The Birth of Pandora: ERC404 in Action

Pandora, the inaugural project to utilize the ERC404 standard, has introduced
a compelling use case with its offering of 10,000 ERC20 tokens and an
equivalent number of "Replicant" NFTs. When a user purchases a full Pandora
token, a corresponding Replicant NFT is minted to their wallet.

Conversely, selling a Pandora token results in the burning of the linked NFT,
showcasing a dynamic interaction between the two asset types​​.This process is
not only innovative but also introduces a layer of engagement and strategy for
token holders, as the rarity of the NFTs becomes a pivotal factor in the
ecosystem's dynamics.

### The Concept of Rarity

The concept of rarity plays a significant role in the Pandora project. Each
Replicant NFT minted possesses a unique rarity, influencing its value and
desirability within the community. This system encourages users to engage in
trading activities, not just for the sake of liquidity but also to "reroll"
the rarities of the NFTs they receive. It's a gamified approach that adds
depth to the project, encouraging active participation and investment in the
ecosystem.

The rarity system within Pandora significantly amplifies the project's allure,
making each NFT not just a token but a treasure, potentially ripe for
discovery. As participants dive into the ecosystem, the thrill of uncovering
or trading for a highly rare NFT adds an extra layer of excitement and
competition. This aspect of Pandora cleverly taps into the human penchant for
collecting and the joy of the hunt, making each interaction within the
marketplace an adventure in itself.

Moreover, this emphasis on rarity has broader implications for the NFT market
as a whole. By integrating such a system, Pandora not only enhances user
engagement within its own ecosystem but also sets a precedent for how value
and desirability can be constructed in digital spaces. This approach could
inspire other projects to adopt similar mechanisms, potentially leading to
more vibrant and active NFT communities. As users become more invested in the
outcomes of their trades, we might see a deeper, more nuanced understanding of
value emerge in the world of digital collectibles.

## The Potential and Risks of ERC404

Despite its experimental and unofficial status, ERC404 has captured the
attention of the crypto community, as evidenced by the significant trading
activity surrounding Pandora and other ERC404 projects. This interest
underlines the potential of ERC404 to innovate how digital assets are created,
traded, and valued. However, the ERC404 standard also carries risks associated
with its the lack of formal recognition, which could expose users to
unforeseen vulnerabilities.

### ERC404 Safety Tips

If you decide to explore ERC404 projects, we encourage you to use a secure
crypto wallet and proceed with caution. Here are a few tips to help you
explore more safely.

#### ERC404 Safety Tip #1: Remember, It’s an Unofficial Standard (Security
Risk)

ERC404 has not undergone the official Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP)
process. Also, because ERC404 is not an official Ethereum standard,
interacting with projects built on the standard poses security risks,
including the risk of losing funds. We encourage you to do your own research
and understand the risks before interacting with any ERC404 project.

#### ERC404 Safety Tips #2: Check Token Contracts Before Swapping

It’s always a good idea to check the token contract before swapping your
existing crypto for ERC404 tokens on decentralized exchanges (DEXs). Checking
proactively helps you avoid interacting with fake tokens and projects. For
instance, you can check the token contract for Pandora on CoinMarketCap, then
ensure the token you’re interacting with on DEXs matches.

![exploring-erc404-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fexploring_erc404_3_5ecf199d54.png&w=3840&q=75)

#### ERC404 Safety Tips #3: Beware of Fake Projects and Scams

New trends often attract bad actors and scammers, who create fake tokens and
websites. Be sure to get your information about ERC404 projects from the
official websites and social accounts. Ensuring you have the correct link
means you can locate the correct projects on DEXs, as well as, NFT platforms
such as OpenSea.

You can also use CoinMarketCap to access the official links for projects.
Learn more about [how to avoid crypto scams](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-
to-spot-a-crypto-scam).

![exploring-erc404-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fexploring_erc404_2_0d58dfb24d.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Conclusion

ERC404 stands as a testament to the openness and innovation within the
Ethereum ecosystem. While the Pandora project has demonstrated the practical
application and interest in such a hybrid model, the broader adoption and
impact of ERC404 remain to be seen. Whether ERC404 becomes a footnote or a
foundational element in the history of Ethereum, its development and reception
underscore the vibrant and dynamic nature of [Web3](https://trustwallet.com/).

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

