[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Monero wallet

## The right hardware wallet for your Monero

Looking for a hardware wallet to secure your Monero? Join 6+ million customers
who trust Ledger wallets to secure and manage their crypto.

  * __ Secured by Ledger™

Secure your Monero

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![Monero wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/12/Ledger-and-third-party-wallet.webp)

Ledger Secured Solution

###  How to secure your Monero ?

Connect your Ledger hardware wallet to a compatible third-party wallet to
secure and manage your Monero.

[Get a Ledger wallet](https://shop.ledger.com)

Ledger hardware wallet

[**Ledger hardware wallet**](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-
wallets) stores your private keys and allow you to sign transactions offline,
making them resistant to malicious attacks and threats.

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PHBhdGggZD0iTTI4LjM2IDIwLjQ4bDcuMjQtNy4yNEwyOC4zNiA2bC0uOTIuOTIgMi44IDIuNzZjLjkyLjk2IDEuOTIgMS45MiAyLjg4IDIuODhINnYxLjM2aDI3LjE2Yy0xIC45Ni0xLjk2IDEuOTItMi45MiAyLjg4bC0yLjggMi43Ni45Mi45MnpNNC40IDI2Ljc2TDExLjY0IDM0bC45Mi0uOTItMi44LTIuOGMtLjkyLS45Mi0xLjkyLTEuOTItMi44OC0yLjg0SDM0di0xLjM2SDYuODhjLjk2LS45NiAxLjk2LTEuOTIgMi44OC0yLjg4bDIuOC0yLjgtLjkyLS44OC03LjI0IDcuMjR6IiBmaWxsPSIjQjM4MEREIi8+PC9zdmc+)

GUI Wallet

With GUI Wallet, you can send/receive, swap Monero, view transaction history,
and more.  

### How to get a Monero wallet?

1

![Get a Ledger wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Get-a-Ledger.webp)

#### Get a Ledger wallet

Select and purchase a Ledger wallet of your choice.

  * Beginner in the crypto world? Get started with Ledger Nano S Plus™. 
  * Prefer a Bluetooth connection? Try with Ledger Nano X™. 

[Buy a Ledger](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)

2

![Connect your Ledger device to GUI Wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/12/third-party-wallet-connexion.webp)

#### Connect your Ledger device to GUI Wallet

  * Visit the official [GUI Wallet](https://www.getmonero.org/downloads/) website and download and install GUI Wallet.
  * Connect your Ledger Nano to GUI Wallet.

3

![Start your Monero journey securely](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/12/start-your-crypto-journey.webp)

#### Start your Monero journey securely

With your Ledger hardware wallet connected to GUI Wallet, you can review and
sign transactions securely.

## The best way to keep your Monero secure

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")

__________4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews

The perfect crypto wallet to start securely managing your Monero.

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X")

__________4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled Monero
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/stax.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable Monero wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

### Choice of 6,000,000+ customers

Bertil A.

___________5/5_

In order to secure cryptocurrencies, Ledger is the perfect tool.

Kevin L.

___________5/5_

Simply a very elegant peace of hardware, with a gorgeous UI in the app.

James P.

___________5/5_

ALL is good, all legal resources bought was as specified and compliant, party
on.

[Read more reviews](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x#reviews
"Read more reviews")

### What is Monero (XMR)?

Monero is a privacy-oriented cryptocurrency. It is a fork of Bytecoin and uses
ring signatures, stealth addresses, confidential transactions, and
bulletproofs to provide anonymous value transfer while maintaining privacy and
fungibility.

Monero (XMR) is a cryptocurrency that operates on a blockchain with greater
anonymity. It was one of the first cryptocurrencies to use encryption, which
significantly improved privacy and fungibility over existing alternatives. Its
primary distinction is its capacity to allow users to make and receive
transactions while keeping this information private from anybody looking at
the blockchain.

[Monero price charts](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/monero "Monero price
charts")

### Cryptocurrencies similar to Monero supported by our hardware wallet

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/wanchain-
logo.png) Wanchain ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/wanchain) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/digibyte.png)
DigiByte ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/digibyte) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/firocoingecko.png) Firo
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/zcoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/PIVX-Shield.png) PIVX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/pivx) [ StarkNet
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/starknet)

### Securely manage, buy, swap, and stake 5.500+ coins

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/aelf-
logo.png) aelf ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/aelf) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/RUNE.png)
THORChain ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/thorchain) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Pax_Dollar-1.png) Pax Dollar
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/paxos-standard) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Stellar_symbol_black_RGB.png)
Stellar ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/stellar) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Metal.png) Metal DAO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/metal) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/ONT.png) Ontology
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ontology) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/BinaryX-RGB-01_28229.png) BinaryX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binaryx) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/frax_share.png) Frax Share
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/frax-share) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Bitcoin-Logo.webp) BRC20
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/brc20)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/crypto-
page/faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__What is Monero consensus mechanism?

Monero relies on PoW consensus with a few optimizations focused on maintaining
decentralization. The consensus algorithm deployed in the network is the
CryptoNight algorithm, which is designed to support CPUs and GPUs, but not
specialized hardware like ASICs. The Monero community has selected to be open
in adapting the consensus algorithm to attempts by mining firms to build
specialized hardware capable of mining on the network.

Monero also has a dynamic block size, meaning that the size of blocks in the
blockchain is not fixed and they adjust based on network requirements.

Monero has a consistently decreasing block reward that creates a tail emission
whose consequences are a perpetually decreasing rate of annual inflation to
its supply.

__Why Monero is a privacy coin?

Transactions on Monero are automatically private, meaning that the privacy
technology employed works in the background and is not optional when sending
or receiving XMR — the native Monero coin.

At the blockchain layer, there are primarily 3 areas that need to be addressed
to achieve anonymity and fungibility: Transaction Origin, Transaction
Destination and Transaction Amounts

Monero’s main privacy implementations address all 3 areas, and their recent
integration of bulletproofs — a form of zero-knowledge proof — supplements the
network’s privacy and efficiency further.

Transaction origins and destinations are masked in Monero by a combination of
stealth addresses and Ring CTs. Stealth addresses are unique, one-time
addresses created by the sender for a transaction on behalf of the recipient,
providing unlinkability of addresses. RingCTs are an optimized form of ring
signatures which muddle the key used to sign a transaction among a group of
users — making it computationally infeasible to discern the actual signer of a
transaction.

RingCTs even enable the masking of transaction amounts with reasonable
efficiency. To improve the efficiency and privacy assertions of Monero
transactions bulletproofs were implemented into the protocol in 2018, which
have helped to reduce the large transaction sizes in Monero by up to 80
percent.

Confidential transactions are, on average, larger than standard cryptographic
transactions (i.e., in Bitcoin) due to the commitments required to mask
transaction details. While very new, bulletproofs in Monero are widely
observed as a significant boost for the network.

The Monero Research Lab has published numerous academic papers on financial
privacy and technology and plays an important role in the network’s future
trajectory.

__How to secure Monero tokens?

When you first buy coin, you’re issued with two keys: public and private.

  * A public key serves as an address that can be shared with other parties to perform transactions.
  * A private key represents a randomly generated number that signs transactions and protects your assets from malicious attacks. If it gets compromised or lost, you won’t be able to access your cold wallet to spend, withdraw, or transfer your cryptos.

To safeguard and keep track of your keys, you can use online or offline
wallets. Online wallets, also known as hot wallets, store private keys on
systems or devices that are connected to the internet. Hot wallets are easy
and convenient to use, however, they come with several drawbacks. Besides
being susceptible to attacks and a honeypot for hackers, with hot wallets, the
custody of private keys is often entrusted to a third party such as a crypto
exchange, which means you never have full control over your funds. The safer
choice are specialized hardware wallets that store private keys offline.
Stealing private keys from a hardware wallet would require physical access to
the wallet and corresponding PIN or the recovery phrase. What’s more, with
hardware wallet, you don’t need to rely on third party custodians.

__Can Ledger Nano wallet protect my Monero assets?

Ledger Nano is the industry-leading hardware wallet. With more than five
million customers, Ledger Nano wallets have several layers of security that
protect private keys, and hence your assets:

  * Your private keys are stored on secure element chips.
  * A PIN code and a 24-word recovery phrase are required to access the wallet.
  * Ledger Nano hardware wallets have been built using highly durable materials for protection against physical damage.

With full isolation between private keys and your computer/mobile, Ledger Nano
cold wallets keep your keys secure and give you complete control over your
cryptocurrencies.

__What is Monero (XMR) wallet app?

A Monero (XMR) wallet app is a software application or hardware product
designed to store, manage, and transact with Monero cryptocurrency.

These Monero wallet apps provide a user-friendly interface that enables users
to create new Monero addresses for receiving XMR, view their account balance,
initiate transactions, and monitor their transaction history.

Ledger Live app is compatible with the best Monero wallet called GUI Wallet
and is available for various platforms, including desktop operating systems
(Windows, macOS, Linux), and mobile devices (iOS, Android).

__What is Monero wallet address format?

The Monero (XMR) cryptocurrency uses a different address format compared to
many other cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin or Ethereum.

A raw Monero address is a set of 95 characters starting with a ‘4’ or an ‘8’
and are encoded in Base58.

Here is an example of Monero address, for instance:  
888tNkZrPN6JsEgekjMnABU4TBzc2Dt29EPAvkRxbANsAnjyPbb3iQ1YBRk1UXcdRsiKc9dhwMVgN5S9cQUiyoogDavup3H.

Because those addresses are long and complex, you will often encounter an
OpenAlias address instead.  
For example, Monero donations can be sent to donate@getmonero.org or
donate.getmonero.org.

When using a Monero wallet, you will have a unique Monero address associated
with it. This address acts as a public identifier for receiving Monero. To
receive funds, you simply share your Monero address with the sender. When
sending Monero, you will need the recipient’s Monero address.

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-
crypto-wallet)

[What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-
to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-
difference)

[Hardware Wallets Vs Cold Wallets: What’s the
Difference?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-
whats-the-difference)

__Read

4 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=8281b3d4-038a-47fb-a2b1-15e7f2d56265&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7cbb2d2c-16b5-4e61-8003-9c7faadd6c3d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fmonero&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=8281b3d4-038a-47fb-a2b1-15e7f2d56265&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7cbb2d2c-16b5-4e61-8003-9c7faadd6c3d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fmonero&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=c541959f-0bcc-4705-bdb6-5f618eaef434&sid=0587b6301cfe11efa45d3bca72d44f97&vid=0587a7001cfe11efaa15d32cb301969e&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Monero%20Wallet%20-%20Best%20XMR%20Wallet%20App%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fmonero&r=&lt=1810&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=488536)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A24%3A41%20GMT&n=0&b=Monero%20Wallet%20-%20Best%20XMR%20Wallet%20App%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fmonero&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

