[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs") __
  * ... __
  * What Is a Tezos Domain and Do I Need One?

# What Is a Tezos Domain and Do I Need One?

By **Linda Orenes-Lerma**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Apr 19, 2023 | **Updated May 29, 2023**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-domain
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Tezos%20Domain%20and%20Do%20I%20Need%20One%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-domain "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-tezos-domain
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-
domain&title=What%20Is%20a%20Tezos%20Domain%20and%20Do%20I%20Need%20One%3F
"Reddit")

![Tez domains are non-fungible tokens \(NFTs\), they are unique and each
domain can only have one owner. ](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/07_NFT_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Tezos domains allows you to create human-readable names for addresses on the
Tezos blockchain.  
  
— Tezos domains are non-fungible tokens (NFTs), they are unique and each
domain can only have one owner.  
  
— You can protect your Tezos domain name with your Ledger device as well as
visualize it in Ledger Live.  
  
Decentralized domain names have been gaining ground in the online world. From
the early days of the internet, most companies have used the common “.com”
extension. But how does that work? Well, each device connected to the Internet
has a distinct IP address. This is what web browsers use for loading online
resources. However, IP addresses are long numeric strings such as
172.64.152.236 and so the Domain Name System (DNS) was created to translate
Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses into easy-to-remember domain names such as
Ledger.com.

Web3 domains are similar to traditional domains in that they help users more
user-friendly ways of identifying a specific blockchain address. Domain names
make crypto transactions simpler by replacing wallet addresses with easy-to-
read names such as Ledger.eth or Ledger.tez. Plus, these form a part of your
[digital identity](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-digital-identity).

The project offering this service for the Tezos blockchain is Tezos Domains.
These web3 domains are your ticket to a human-readable address for the
network. But what are Tezos domains exactly and, what are they for?

## What Are Tezos Domains?

Tezos domains are human-readable identifiers that represent blockchain
addresses on the Tezos network. In short, they make your long and complicated
Tezos address into something readable like Ledger.tez. They are a great way to
make sending and receiving Tezos easier, especially if you are not familiar
with blockchain addresses.

The Tezos domain name system is a decentralized, open-source platform that
allows you to register and manage your .tez domain names.

### **Are Tezos Domains NFTs?**

In short, yes, they are FA2-compliant [Non Fungible
Tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft) (NFTs) on the Tezos
blockchain. Since Tez domains NFTs, each domain is unique – only one person
can own each domain.

## What Do Tezos Domains Include?

Your domain registration allows you to connect data with your domain such as
your Tezos address, avatar, nickname, e-mail, website, and physical address.

Tezos Domains also allow you to create subdomains of the original domain. For
example, a subdomain of Ledger.tez might be ‘academy.ledger.tez’. Using
subdomains allows users to organize content hierarchies, team delegation, and
segregate your accounts. Or, they can be sold to other users.

Tezos Domains also supports delegation (sub-delegation), This process allows
Tezos holders to delegate their staking rights to another person. This means
they can receive rewards, without running their own node. To learn more, check
you the full article on [what crypto staking
is](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/stake-your-
crypto).

## How Much Do They Cost?

The cost depends on the length of each domain, and you are charged on an
annual basis. Five-letter domains and longer cost 1XTZ, four-letter domains
cost 25XTZ, and three-letter domains cost 100XTZ per year. However, Tezos
domains use an initial action period. This auction period is currently a week
long and ensures fairness by preventing people from gaining an advantage by
automatically registering multiple domains. If there are no bids during an
auction period, the domain is open to direct registration.

After the auction, successful bidders receive the name. Of course, more
popular domains may result in higher bids. Names of people and companies tend
to be top-sellers. However, these higher prices only apply to the first year,
with renewals returning to standard pricing.

## .tez vs .eth Domains: What’s the Difference?

The main difference between the two is that .tez domains are based on the
Tezos blockchain, while .eth domains are based on the [Ethereum
blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum).

The price structure is also different on one vs the other. While both have
tiered pricing depending on the length of the name. With Tezos, there is an
initial auction period before anyone can finally purchase a Tezos domain name.
Ethereum on the other hand, works on a first-come, first-served basis. Another
difference is the character sets that can be used in the names. Using the
[Ethereum Name Service](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-name-
service-ens) (ENS) there is no limitation on length or symbols, even allowing
emojis. Whereas Tezos DNS are limited to Latin characters, numbers and hyphens
only, which supports consistency and another layer of security.

## How To Get a .tez Name

If you want to buy a Tezos domain, the first step is to create a Tezos account
on your Ledger device. This will create the address where your domain will be
stored. To interact with Tezos Domains site securely, you will need to connect
this account to a third-party wallet such as Temple or Kukai. To get started,
check out the support article on [how to manage Tezos NFTs with your
Ledger](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/6270751848733-How-to-
manage-Tezos-NFTs-with-Temple-and-Kukai?support=true).

Once you have your Tezos wallet set up, you’ll also need some XTZ, the
cryptocurrency that powers the Tezos Network. Luckily, you can do so from the
comfort of your Ledger Live app. With the Buy Feature, you can [buy
Tezos](https://www.ledger.com/buy/tezos) and protect it with your Ledger
directly.

Now you have your XTZ and your tezos account set up to use with a third-party
wallet, you’re ready to buy a Tezos Domain. Here’s how to do it.

  1. Visit the [Tezos domains official website](https://tezos.domains/) and search for the name you want and check its availability. If your desired domain name is available, you then need to register it.
  2. Connect your Ledger account to the Tezos Domains site using the account you set up and connected to a third-party wallet’s interface. 
  3. Buy the Tezos domain through the wallet’s interface while keeping custody of your keys.

Registering a Tez name like this ensures your Ledger device can protect it –
just like your other NFTs. Plus, you can also visualize Tez domains along with
all of your other Tezos NFTs through the Discover section of your Ledger Live
app. Here the [Objkt app](https://www.ledger.com/blog/objkt-joins-ledger-live-
visualize-your-tezos-nfts) lets you visualise and manage all Tezos NFTs, not
just your domains.

## How Do I Sell Tezos Domains?

To sell your domain name, you will need to choose a Tezos NFT marketplace that
supports such NFTs. Some examples of these include the [Tezos Domain
Registry](https://tezos.domains/en), [Objkt](https://objkt.com/) and
[Rarible](https://rarible.com/). You then connect to the marketplace securely,
using your Ledger and a third-party wallet, as mentioned above. If it’s your
first time selling, make sure you check out the Ledger Academy guide on [how
to segregate your crypto assets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/segregate-
crypto-assets). Selling NFTs means setting approvals, and you only want to do
that with confidence.

Next you can list your NFT for a specific price. Once you complete your
listing, buyers will be able to see and purchase your domain. If you manage to
make a sale using this method, you can rest easy knowing your funds are
protected by your [Ledger Device](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-
wallets-comparison) directly.

Tezos domains are a useful tool in the Tezos Ecosystem as they provide a
simple way to access smart contracts and applications, while also ensuring
security and decentralization.

## The Future of Web3 Domain Names

With new users joining the web3 ecosystem each day, User Experience has become
increasingly important. While blockchain addresses are still long and
complicated, new users are easily alienated. Web3 domains, such as Tezos
Domains or ENS, are integral in order to onboard everyday users. This is even
evident today, as world-famous brands have paraded their ENS domains on social
media platforms. A good example of this includes Budweiser with Beer.eth. As a
result, web3 domains are likely here to stay. That’s why protecting them is
just as important as protecting your cryptocurrencies and other stores of
value.

**Linda Orenes-Lerma**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Content creator and copywriter. Mum to a toddler who is already creating and
collecting NFTs and then storing them on her own Ledger Nano! Ex-teacher still
putting education first and writing about all things crypto because education
is key to making the space safe!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-domain
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Tezos%20Domain%20and%20Do%20I%20Need%20One%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-domain "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-a-tezos-domain
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-
domain&title=What%20Is%20a%20Tezos%20Domain%20and%20Do%20I%20Need%20One%3F
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-xtz)

[Tezos Staking: How To Stake
XTZ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-
currency-explained)

[Digital Assets Beyond
Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-
beyond-currency-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-tezos)

[What Is Tezos?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-
tezos)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-digital-identity)

[Digital Identity in Blockchain: What Is It
About?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-digital-identity)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-soulbound-token)

[What is a SoulBound
Token?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-soulbound-
token)

__Read

4 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-safest-way-to-use-temple-wallet-with-
ledger-nano)

[How to Use Temple & Kukai Wallets with a
Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-safest-way-to-use-temple-wallet-
with-ledger-nano)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-fashion-the-obvious-next-step)

[NFT Fashion: Perfect Match for Web3](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-
fashion-the-obvious-next-step)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-name-service-ens)

[What is Ethereum Name Service (ENS)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
ethereum-name-service-ens)

__Read

5 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/whats-with-all-the-hype-about-crypto-
avatars)

[What’s With All the Hype About Crypto
Avatars?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/whats-with-all-the-hype-about-
crypto-avatars)

__Read

5 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=c8b4a319-c01a-4e33-a76f-f46b71b8c9ab&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=85c3e47d-9b58-4956-baf1-27cd695b1df3&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-
domain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=c8b4a319-c01a-4e33-a76f-f46b71b8c9ab&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=85c3e47d-9b58-4956-baf1-27cd695b1df3&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-
domain&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=eec71383-6bf4-4250-95f5-98d8d9774677&sid=346f25b01cfd11efa262f18c986a1c25&vid=346f4c001cfd11efa61e0584fea0a58b&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20a%20Tezos%20Domain%20and%20Do%20I%20Need%20One%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-domain&r=&lt=2684&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=678996)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A50%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20a%20Tezos%20Domain%20and%20Do%20I%20Need%20One%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-a-tezos-domain&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

