[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sb2Fucy9pcy1pdC1wb3NzaWJsZS10by1nZXQtYS1jcnlwdG8tbG9hbi13aXRob3V0LWNvbGxhdGVyYWwtNDIxNDk5ODI0Njg0OTAzNjc5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sb2Fucy9pcy1pdC1wb3NzaWJsZS10by1nZXQtYS1jcnlwdG8tbG9hbi13aXRob3V0LWNvbGxhdGVyYWwtNDIxNDk5ODI0Njg0OTAzNjc5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Is it possible to get a crypto loan without collateral?

2022-04-12

**Main Takeaways:**

  * Unlike bank loans, you don’t need a good credit score to get a crypto loan.

  * Crypto loan providers typically require users to pledge their crypto assets for a loan.

  * Getting a crypto loan without collateral is extremely risky as ‘crypto lenders’ offering non-collateral loans may be fraudulent actors who want to steal your assets or identity.

  * To prevent falling prey to scams, consider using a credible crypto loan provider like Binance Loans.

Is it possible to borrow crypto without putting up your assets as collateral?
There may be, but chances are it’s a scam. Typically, collaterals are used to
protect crypto lenders, so loans that sound too good to be true, like non-
collateral loans, are likely not true. Users are cautioned against borrowing
crypto from ‘lenders’ that do not require collateral.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220412/901aa173-bd81-44a1-bd57-7519ce4f24a9.png)

Instead, you can apply for crypto loans from credible lenders like [Binance
Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/cards?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=card&utm_campaign=), which offers loans at reasonable rates.
Rather than rejecting loan applications based on credit scores, Binance Loans
holds [collateral](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/collateral) from
users to mitigate their lending risks.

_**Disclaimer: Remember to do your due diligence before entering risky trades
involving loaned crypto, and make sure that you borrow from a credible crypto
loans provider.**_

## Why Do Crypto Loan Providers Require Collateral?

### Collateral is used as a security deposit

Unlike traditional loans, credit checks are not required to borrow crypto.
Instead, [collateral](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/collateral) is
used as a security by lenders to reduce their lending risk. In the event a
borrower is unable to repay the debt, the collateral will be seized. This
model allows people with little to no credit history to borrow crypto.

### Collateral is used to calculate lending risk

Collateral can also be used by crypto loan providers to calculate an
individual's lending risk and terms of the loan, including payment period,
interest rate, and amount of lendable funds. The theory is simple – the higher
the collateral, the lower the risk for lenders.

This can be done by [calculating Loan-to-Value
(LTV)](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/calculating-your-loantovalue-
ratio-ltv-to-avoid-liquidation-421499824684903575). LTV is the ratio of the
value of an individual’s loan to the value of their collateral. With LTV,
crypto loan providers like Binance Loans can assess individual lending risk
levels, offering crypto loans while protecting their business.

## Calculating LTV on Binance Loans

This is the formula used to calculate the Loan-to-Value ratio:

LTV = Loan Amount / Collateral Amount x 100%

Loan Amount = Principal + Interest

Note that different assets used as collateral have different initial LTVs.
Refer to [this Index Price page](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/data) when
calculating your LTV. For an in-depth guide to calculating your LTV, check out
[How to Use Binance
Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041278132).

## Risks of Non-collateral loans

### Falling prey to scams

From the crypto lender’s perspective, it is difficult to reduce lending risk
without credit checks or collateral. If you do manage to find non-collateral
crypto loans available, look for red flags to make sure it’s not a
[scam](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/8-common-bitcoin-scams-and-how-
to-avoid-them). Are you giving away important information? Have the lenders
been in the media for scam cases? Do the loan terms sound too good to be true?
Are other users talking about their services? These are some questions that
you may find useful when verifying the legitimacy of crypto lenders.

In some cases, victims of scams have been locked out of their trading
accounts, losing access to their funds. Fraudsters may also attempt to trick
victims into handing over their personal information, including account
numbers and passwords.

### Extremely high interest rates

It’s unlikely that legitimate crypto lenders will offer non-collateral loans
as it leaves them vulnerable to losses if borrowers cannot repay their debts.
However, there may be crypto lenders that do so in exchange for extremely high
[interest rates](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/interest-rates-
explained), smaller amounts of lendable funds, or shorter payback periods.
However, these types of loans may not be suitable for traders who are looking
to increase their position size with leveraged trades. This is because traders
would have a smaller window period to make profitable enough trades that can
pay off the high interest rates. Therefore, traders are cautioned against
applying for non-collateral loans.

## Benefits of Binance Loans

Binance Loans is a lending solution that allows individuals to access crypto
loans at competitive rates. Approved loans are secured with eligible crypto
assets held as collateral from their Binance accounts. If you’re looking to
apply for a crypto loan, you can [learn more about Binance Loans
here](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041277432). Other benefits
include:

### Wide range of assets offered

Binance Loans has more than 160 assets available for borrowing and accepts 50+
crypto assets, including [BTC](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/btc),
[ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/eth), and
[BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/bnb).

### Transparent user interface

Repayment and interest rate amounts are automatically calculated and
accessible to users, allowing borrowers to verify that they are accessing
crypto loans at competitive rates.

### Loans Staking

Some collateral options offered can be staked to generate crypto rewards,
which can, in turn, reduce loan interest fees. Visit the
[FAQ](https://www.binance.com/en/loan) for more information on collateral
[staking](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-staking).

### Early Repayment

If you repay your loan early, the interest fee will only be calculated based
on the number of hours you have taken the loan for.

### All-in-one ecosystem

Loaned crypto can be used anywhere in the Binance ecosystem. This includes
[trading](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT),
[payments](https://pay.binance.com/en), and
[withdrawals](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/c-2).

## Conclusion

While it might be possible to find crypto loan providers that don’t require
collateral, the chances of encountering a scam are very high. Consider using
trusted service providers like [Binance
Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/loan?ref=VJ9G6UC4) to borrow loans at
competitive rates to avoid getting your identity or assets stolen.

**Ready to get your crypto loan? Here’s what you need to do:**

First, register for a [Binance
account](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4) or download the
[Binance app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4). Next, verify
your account to access more features and increase your account security. Once
your account has been verified, you can apply for a loan with Binance Loans.
Binance Loans offers a wide range of crypto for loaning, including
[BTC](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/btc),
[ETH](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/eth),
[USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/usdt) and
[BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/bnb). Once again, remember to always do
your own research ([DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-own-
research)) before you enter trades with loaned crypto.

**Read the following support items for more information:**

  * (Blog) [Calculating Your Loan-to-Value Ratio (LTV) To Avoid Liquidation](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/calculating-your-loantovalue-ratio-ltv-to-avoid-liquidation-421499824684903575)

  * (Blog)[ Crypto Loans: How to Borrow Cryptocurrencies?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/crypto-loans-how-to-borrow-cryptocurrencies-421499824684902409)

  * (Blog) [Should You Borrow Against Crypto: Pros and Cons](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/should-you-borrow-against-crypto-pros-and-cons-421499824684903345)

  * (Academy)[ What Is Crypto Lending and How Does It Work?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-crypto-lending-and-how-does-it-work)

  * (Academy)[ Interest Rates Explained](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/interest-rates-explained)

  * [](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/interest-rates-explained)And more at [Binance FAQ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq)

195,039,758 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Is it possible to get a crypto loan without collateral?

Why Do Crypto Loan Providers Require Collateral?

Calculating LTV on Binance Loans

Risks of Non-collateral loans

Benefits of Binance Loans

Conclusion

195,039,758 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

