Skip to content

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[
![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAAp8AAADZCAYAAABmdltQAAAABGdBTUEAALGPC/xhBQAACklpQ0NQc1JHQiBJRUM2MTk2Ni0yLjEAAEiJnVN3WJP3Fj7f92UPVkLY8LGXbIEAIiOsCMgQWaIQkgBhhBASQMWFiApWFBURnEhVxILVCkidiOKgKLhnQYqIWotVXDjuH9yntX167+3t+9f7vOec5/zOec8PgBESJpHmomoAOVKFPDrYH49PSMTJvYACFUjgBCAQ5svCZwXFAADwA3l4fnSwP/wBr28AAgBw1S4kEsfh/4O6UCZXACCRAOAiEucLAZBSAMguVMgUAMgYALBTs2QKAJQAAGx5fEIiAKoNAOz0ST4FANipk9wXANiiHKkIAI0BAJkoRyQCQLsAYFWBUiwCwMIAoKxAIi4EwK4BgFm2MkcCgL0FAHaOWJAPQGAAgJlCLMwAIDgCAEMeE80DIEwDoDDSv+CpX3CFuEgBAMDLlc2XS9IzFLiV0Bp38vDg4iHiwmyxQmEXKRBmCeQinJebIxNI5wNMzgwAABr50cH+OD+Q5+bk4eZm52zv9MWi/mvwbyI+IfHf/ryMAgQAEE7P79pf5eXWA3DHAbB1v2upWwDaVgBo3/ldM9sJoFoK0Hr5i3k4/EAenqFQyDwdHAoLC+0lYqG9MOOLPv8z4W/gi372/EAe/tt68ABxmkCZrcCjg/1xYW52rlKO58sEQjFu9+cj/seFf/2OKdHiNLFcLBWK8ViJuFAiTcd5uVKRRCHJleIS6X8y8R+W/QmTdw0ArIZPwE62B7XLbMB+7gECiw5Y0nYAQH7zLYwaC5EAEGc0Mnn3AACTv/mPQCsBAM2XpOMAALzoGFyolBdMxggAAESggSqwQQcMwRSswA6cwR28wBcCYQZEQAwkwDwQQgbkgBwKoRiWQRlUwDrYBLWwAxqgEZrhELTBMTgN5+ASXIHrcBcGYBiewhi8hgkEQcgIE2EhOogRYo7YIs4IF5mOBCJhSDSSgKQg6YgUUSLFyHKkAqlCapFdSCPyLXIUOY1cQPqQ28ggMor8irxHMZSBslED1AJ1QLmoHxqKxqBz0XQ0D12AlqJr0Rq0Hj2AtqKn0UvodXQAfYqOY4DRMQ5mjNlhXIyHRWCJWBomxxZj5Vg1Vo81Yx1YN3YVG8CeYe8IJAKLgBPsCF6EEMJsgpCQR1hMWEOoJewjtBK6CFcJg4Qxwicik6hPtCV6EvnEeGI6sZBYRqwm7iEeIZ4lXicOE1+TSCQOyZLkTgohJZAySQtJa0jbSC2kU6Q+0hBpnEwm65Btyd7kCLKArCCXkbeQD5BPkvvJw+S3FDrFiOJMCaIkUqSUEko1ZT/lBKWfMkKZoKpRzame1AiqiDqfWkltoHZQL1OHqRM0dZolzZsWQ8ukLaPV0JppZ2n3aC/pdLoJ3YMeRZfQl9Jr6Afp5+mD9HcMDYYNg8dIYigZaxl7GacYtxkvmUymBdOXmchUMNcyG5lnmA+Yb1VYKvYqfBWRyhKVOpVWlX6V56pUVXNVP9V5qgtUq1UPq15WfaZGVbNQ46kJ1Bar1akdVbupNq7OUndSj1DPUV+jvl/9gvpjDbKGhUaghkijVGO3xhmNIRbGMmXxWELWclYD6yxrmE1iW7L57Ex2Bfsbdi97TFNDc6pmrGaRZp3mcc0BDsax4PA52ZxKziHODc57LQMtPy2x1mqtZq1+rTfaetq+2mLtcu0W7eva73VwnUCdLJ31Om0693UJuja6UbqFutt1z+o+02PreekJ9cr1Dund0Uf1bfSj9Rfq79bv0R83MDQINpAZbDE4Y/DMkGPoa5hpuNHwhOGoEctoupHEaKPRSaMnuCbuh2fjNXgXPmasbxxirDTeZdxrPGFiaTLbpMSkxeS+Kc2Ua5pmutG003TMzMgs3KzYrMnsjjnVnGueYb7ZvNv8jYWlRZzFSos2i8eW2pZ8ywWWTZb3rJhWPlZ5VvVW16xJ1lzrLOtt1ldsUBtXmwybOpvLtqitm63Edptt3xTiFI8p0in1U27aMez87ArsmuwG7Tn2YfYl9m32zx3MHBId1jt0O3xydHXMdmxwvOuk4TTDqcSpw+lXZxtnoXOd8zUXpkuQyxKXdpcXU22niqdun3rLleUa7rrStdP1o5u7m9yt2W3U3cw9xX2r+00umxvJXcM970H08PdY4nHM452nm6fC85DnL152Xlle+70eT7OcJp7WMG3I28Rb4L3Le2A6Pj1l+s7pAz7GPgKfep+Hvqa+It89viN+1n6Zfgf8nvs7+sv9j/i/4XnyFvFOBWABwQHlAb2BGoGzA2sDHwSZBKUHNQWNBbsGLww+FUIMCQ1ZH3KTb8AX8hv5YzPcZyya0RXKCJ0VWhv6MMwmTB7WEY6GzwjfEH5vpvlM6cy2CIjgR2yIuB9pGZkX+X0UKSoyqi7qUbRTdHF09yzWrORZ+2e9jvGPqYy5O9tqtnJ2Z6xqbFJsY+ybuIC4qriBeIf4RfGXEnQTJAntieTE2MQ9ieNzAudsmjOc5JpUlnRjruXcorkX5unOy553PFk1WZB8OIWYEpeyP+WDIEJQLxhP5aduTR0T8oSbhU9FvqKNolGxt7hKPJLmnVaV9jjdO31D+miGT0Z1xjMJT1IreZEZkrkj801WRNberM/ZcdktOZSclJyjUg1plrQr1zC3KLdPZisrkw3keeZtyhuTh8r35CP5c/PbFWyFTNGjtFKuUA4WTC+oK3hbGFt4uEi9SFrUM99m/ur5IwuCFny9kLBQuLCz2Lh4WfHgIr9FuxYji1MXdy4xXVK6ZHhp8NJ9y2jLspb9UOJYUlXyannc8o5Sg9KlpUMrglc0lamUycturvRauWMVYZVkVe9ql9VbVn8qF5VfrHCsqK74sEa45uJXTl/VfPV5bdra3kq3yu3rSOuk626s91m/r0q9akHV0IbwDa0b8Y3lG19tSt50oXpq9Y7NtM3KzQM1YTXtW8y2rNvyoTaj9nqdf13LVv2tq7e+2Sba1r/dd3vzDoMdFTve75TsvLUreFdrvUV99W7S7oLdjxpiG7q/5n7duEd3T8Wej3ulewf2Re/ranRvbNyvv7+yCW1SNo0eSDpw5ZuAb9qb7Zp3tXBaKg7CQeXBJ9+mfHvjUOihzsPcw83fmX+39QjrSHkr0jq/dawto22gPaG97+iMo50dXh1Hvrf/fu8x42N1xzWPV56gnSg98fnkgpPjp2Snnp1OPz3Umdx590z8mWtdUV29Z0PPnj8XdO5Mt1/3yfPe549d8Lxw9CL3Ytslt0utPa49R35w/eFIr1tv62X3y+1XPK509E3rO9Hv03/6asDVc9f41y5dn3m978bsG7duJt0cuCW69fh29u0XdwruTNxdeo94r/y+2v3qB/oP6n+0/rFlwG3g+GDAYM/DWQ/vDgmHnv6U/9OH4dJHzEfVI0YjjY+dHx8bDRq98mTOk+GnsqcTz8p+Vv9563Or59/94vtLz1j82PAL+YvPv655qfNy76uprzrHI8cfvM55PfGm/K3O233vuO+638e9H5ko/ED+UPPR+mPHp9BP9z7nfP78L/eE8/stRzjPAAAAIGNIUk0AAHomAACAhAAA+gAAAIDoAAB1MAAA6mAAADqYAAAXcJy6UTwAAAAJcEhZcwAALiMAAC4jAXilP3YAABY2SURBVHic7d2/a+vonsfx7+wMWwyXI/Z0c9lo4G53TwRm2WJIBK4Tsa4WNkfgOjG4tgoXW3nBrg12mDKgnGl9cVIHlNQBJfVwlf6A8g+cLWaVm5OTH34eSY9k6/2qhklkPbJ14o++z6/vvtz/+kUAFOtHT+T7n6puBQAAtfNPVTcAAAAAzUH4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABjzQ9UNAIBVJEkip6enVTcjt62tLfF9X/m4OI4ljmO5u7uTd+/eieM44rpuCS0EgHIRPgGshSRJZDweV92M3FzXVQqfy+VShsOhJEnyzc9s25bDw0Pp9XpFNhEASkW3OwDUVL/fl263+2zwFPkjkA+HQ+l0OpKmqeHWAYAeKp8reP/zoOom1Jb7y7/J4rfDqpsBbJzxeCxhGK70u1EUSbfblcViUXKrADRVmqYSRZFcXV2JiMhoNNJ+LcInANSMzhCDKIokDEOt8aQA8NTjsBlFkcRx/PCzvOPNCZ8AUDOTyUTruOPjY8InAC2vhc2iET4BoGaiKNI6Lo5jSZJEbNsuuEUANlm73S41bD7FhCMAqJmXJhiVfSyAZjIZPEUInwAAADCI8AkANWNZlvaxdLkDqDvCJwDUjO5MUsuyCJ8Aao/wCQA1c3iot3bu0dFRwS0BgOIx2x3ARqvb/ueO47z5O67riud5slwuV35d27YJnwDWAuETwEZb111/ptOpJEmy0ixUy7Lk5OQk11hRADCFbncAqCHLsuTi4kKCIHg1VPq+LxcXFytVVAGgDqh8AkCNBUEgR0dHEkWR3NzcPPz/ra0tcV13YycYJUkip6encnl5KXEcS5qmX/3cdd21rWoDTUf4BICasyxLPM8Tz/Oqbkrp4jiW4XCovcsTgPojfAIAaiEMQ+n3+1U3A0DJCJ8AAC1RFEmSJHJ3dyciIvf39xLHsTiOI+/evRMRke3tbXEc583hAesUPLNhAJeXl9/8bHt7WyzLKm2VhezccRzL/f39Vz/b3d0Vkfqt8PCSrLr99Fq2trbEtm2xLGvjxjJHUfTsZyfyx71j2/bGXfNzCJ8Gffyv/xB761+qbkah7H/drOsB6kKn29lxnFJnvGfjMM/Ozl6dhf9c223bFtd1ZW9v75vhA8vlsvDgmQW0VawScqIokk+fPslyufxm/OlLPM97uF7dzyVNU1kul3J+fi5RFK187uy99n2/FqsgZNdxdXX18NCyKsdxHq7HRLBW+bf3VnuSJJHlcimfPn1Suh8f3zt5PDdeughpmub6G/Xdl/tfvxTeqg3z/udBIa/zt9+OZPeXvxTyWqi5Hz2R73+quhUbJYoi6XQ6ysd9/vy5hNaU7/3798rHLBaLUr6cwzCUT58+FTYO07Zt+fjx48O6pK1WS/kL8q0JRyr3y2uvFUWRTCaTXNduWZYcHR3J0dHRykEwTVOZz+cyn89zh4deryeDwaCSEJokiUwmE6XQ/prs3vn48WNpk+1U/u299PcliiI5Pj5WWqv3ObZty2AwEN/3tY7vdDq1Gj+d/Y1iqSUAwLOiKJJWqyX9fr/QL7AkSWQ8Hkur1ZJut1tKZUa1PU+laSrD4bCQL+80TWU8Hku73V6p+rVcLqXVasl4PC7kvZnNZtJqtXIHIRVpmkq/35dWqyVhGBb2GT++d4bDYe3uney6O51OIe93kiQPr1f1tRaJ8AkA+Mrj4KXSPapznjpUZZ4LEJ1OR2azWeHn6XQ6Eobhi7/T7/dLCeRpmkq323313EXJwnPZ56oiVD/1+N6J41ja7XYp1509CK7adV93hE8AwIOyglfdZV/qSZKsXKHUkVXGngtM/X6/9MBW9jnKCs8vyUL1cDg0cr6nsvAZx7GRh7VOp7MRAZTwCQAQkc36clOVpulDkCkzQGT6/f5X77OJ4PnSuYuQ3TumruGp2WxWyWoJd3d3DxVtE4F7U/6NMtsdAFD7LzXP82RnZ+dhVnrRk2cuLy/l+PjY2PVnFdCLiwuZzWbGQ1t27iLU5d7J3sPpdGrsnDc3N9Lv942Ox3x876wrwicAoJRqWBEcx5GTk5PStxE9PT01UvF8LI5jGY/HMp/PjZ43O/dsNpNer5f7tYbDYW3unTAMZWtrS4IgMHK+qsabZveOqessGt3uANBwy+Wy0kkbL7EsSxaLhZH9600Hz0xRM9p1TCaT3K8xHo8r62p/yXg8rsVEtrIVsQxXVah8AkDD5Z2s4TiO7O/vP+xMk6ap3NzcyM3NTa5Q67puLRZI31RpmkoYhtprSEZRJOPxuOBWFSPrlt7k+ydbC3Ydq5+ETwBosDAMtat+ruvKdDp9tjKZ7cySLTKuUx1bLpeSJImRyqeKbCH/snaPMXnu8/NzrfCZjTvUZdv2wy4+TzdGyHanOj8/114jNLvvRqORdhvXwenpKeETALBedLteR6PRSuMFbduW6XQqOzs7WmFlMpkYnUDynGyHoud21cm2jZxMJqV03Zd97mznIdUK4Xw+1z5nEASvBibLssR1XXFdVwaDgcznc60K62w2k8PDw1o8vDiOI47jyNbWloj8MVEpSZLcY2Wz13hpe9iDgwPZ3d1983VU399spylV2WfB9porYHtNKGN7zcLpbq/52haMJqyyb/hzTGyvmS2KrarX62lVlMIw1Aqgv//+u3I40r1fnnIcRxaLxUrnL3q5JNd15eTkpPRzq943aZpqbYmajeHV+fcQRZHW+qG+7ys/vOj823tJEASvbgWaJImcnp7mGr7wVphfheo1v7W97VuofALYaEUEkDzy/pEu09nZmfIxjuNod2X6vq+1R3wYhoXMylalGlym06kkSVLIZBeT5768vFQKnzoTXfIET5F/DPHodrtKx4VhKIPBwHj1c9XrtW1bgiCQ/f197bVCLy8vdZtZGWa7A0BD6XxpDQb5eoJ0guvV1VWuc+rQDdl5358qzn13d6f0+6enp8rnODk50Q6eGc/ztB5Cjo+Pc51XlU7QzvNQV5dlrlQQPgGgoVS/tCzLephIpCsb+6aiimVzptOp1kxp13Vzh6zRaKR9bp0Kn8rYzWwSmIper6dUWX3NYDBQfm9MLyOmG7R939f6/NZxuSXCJwA0lOqXVlEBYn9/X+n3s60vTfF9P1eAzPM++b6f6/i8DwdvOT8/Vz6miGpwxrIs5dn5RUzsWVXez+/w8FDruHWrfhI+AaCBdMLc9vZ2IefWeR2TX655w9LOzo72sbrhI/Phw4dcx79FtQrt+37ha20eHBwoH2Oiem5ZVu6lnXSD67pVPwmfANBAVVZK6rzwt+d5uSen6F6fzpCEp8qcWJMkiXKXe54g/hLHcZTf49vb28Lb8VQRQTvv578uCJ8AAPy/IsKSboBQHY7wnDLDp071sKwwpfq6JrZP1anIPqcJAZTwCQANVNT4zU1TxPuiW/1aZTHwt5QZPnWqh2UFKdXrLLvSb9t2Ydda556BohA+AQArUV2S5yU6SzyZWqexyqpT3StedZrUku0UtKqyx0TyMKeGReYBoKFs21bqjixq0sbNzY3yMSbCZ9Xhr+4VL52u6yJ3C8orSZLS7qOyJ3ptGiqfANBQOuPm8gbQJEmU1100FQqrDH/rUDkzMW6yTGW2v+oHl3VD+ASAhtKZXDOZTHKdU+f4dQhmAFZHtzuAjfb58+eqm1BbnufJcDhUOiaKIpnNZlrbHEZRJGEYKh9X1Cxi6KvTeM86ovKphvBp0H/+97zqJhTm89/zVT8AVM+2bXFdV7krfTgcKu80E8exdLtd1SYWOosY+tZtEXPT6j5et27odgeABtPdzaff78twOHwzlKRpKuPxWNrttlaAKXJrRjSbzioLKAeVTwBoMNd1taqfIiKz2Uxms5l4nic7OztfVSjjOJbb21tZLpfaVTPHcZT38QZeUtT2sMiP8AkADTedTrUrkyIiy+VSeQb7KqbTaeGvieaia7w+6HYHgIazbVtGo1HVzfhKEASM9awRVhxAkah8AgDE9325vb2V2WxWdVPE930JgqDqZqAAdfocTe2ShbcRPgEAkqZpLRYR932f7vaasixLeWhGncIn6oNudwBouDiOpd1ulzJuU0Wv1yN41pjOMIg6PNCgfgifANBgcRxLp9OpNCRYliUnJye1G3eKrxE+URTCJwA0VJqm0u/3K11AvNfryfX1tXieV1kbsJoPHz4oH8PamngO4RMAGmoymVSybaJlWRIEgVxfX8toNGIJnDWhM+P97OyshJZg3THhCAAaKEkS5Zntvu/L4eGhnJ2dyeXlpdLC9I7jiOu6srOzQ5VzTdm2LbZtK3Wlx3EsSZIw03zD5B1OQfgEgAY6PT1V+v0gCB5mLj/dyShNU4njWO7v7786Znd3V0RYI3KTeJ6n/NByenpa6Kz34XCo3IbPnz8Xdn4QPgEAGlS6Q23bfjE8ZEGUgNkMBwcHysFvPp/Lx48fC6t+qq7KQNW1HHkq2oz5BIAGUhnrSbBExnEc5Vnv2cS2IoRhqFx14/4th2rvyWOETwBoGNUvb5bLwWOHh4fKx0RRlDuAJkkiw+FQ+bi9vb1c520CnUl/4/FYe8Ii3e4G/e//dMT565+rbgaAhlMNk0wawWO+78tkMlG+j8IwlDRNZTqdKoedNE2l2+0qLwtm2zYT3FbgOI7SBMJMu90W3/fl4OBAHMf55nPNxoRn/31/fy9BEBA+TXL++mfZ/eUvVTcDAJRkX/yDwYAvcoiIyGg0km63q3zccrmUOI5lNBqtfC9lVVOdCvxgMFA+pol0w6fIHw8VYRiu/PuETwBoIJ0xcHEcS7fbFcuyxHVd2d7eztWGbCb8c9US1J/neeK6rlZgSZJEut2uuK77UDF7Oo40iiKJ41jOz8+1Q5Ft2+L7vtaxTbOzs6M8kSwPwicANJDqeo2ZNE1luVwWug+8ZVniOI7s7u7K/v6+1jaOMG86nUq73dbeISuKIu1guQq2a12d6UlZTDgCgAaqU/d5mqYSRZGMx2Npt9vSarVkPB5Xuu0n3mbbtkyn06qb8SzXdWt1j9edZVlGq8SETwBoIJ0Zy6YkSSLj8VharZbRrkCo8zyvdhVGy7Lk5OSk6masHZPjYwmfANBAtm1Lr9eruhmvStNUhsOhdDodqqA11uv1ajO20rIsWSwWjCPWYPJvAuETABpqMBisxfjKKIqk1WpprymI8k2n08ofZrKK5zrc03Vl6m8C4RMAGiqrEq3Dl3WaptLpdAigNTYajbTW8CxCdi+zm1E+lmUZ+QwJnwDQYNmXdl26TV+TbdNIF3x9+b5v/IHGdV25uLhYi4eodeA4jiwWi1I3lSB8AkDDxXFc6pI3RYrjWCaTSdXNwCscx5GLiwsZjUalVtCy2fZlB6Umyj7Dsh5KCZ8A0GBhGEqn01mr/dtns9latbeper2eXF9fSxAEhYZDx3FkOp3K9fX1WlTs11XWBZ+9z3kfJFzXfRgX/N2X+1+/FNHITfb+52KWH/jbb0dsr9kUP3oi3/9UdSs2SpqmWuP9GAP2sjAMpd/vV90MLUEQSBAEVTejllSr2Nki/2VbLpcPOxapPDxk7dvb2xPP86hyVijbeer29vbVz9BxHHn37p1sb2+Lbdvf3F+EzxUQPqGM8ImaS5JEeXeabE1H3S//7AEiSRK5urqS5XKpPX4z6xbEenp8L9zd3X3z83fv3onjOGLbNmFzAxE+V0D4hDLCJ2qu0+koVcim02nhXZxpmsp8PpfxeKx1/PX1NcEEWEOM+QSAhkmSRCl4BkFQytg6y7IkCAK5uLjQGk/GskvAeiJ8AkDDHB8fr/y7tm2XPrbScRytLRpvbm5KaA2AshE+AaBhVKqenueV2JJ/KGI2LYD1QPgEgIZR6a7+8OFDiS35GouEA81A+ASABlFdH5MJPQCKRvgEgAZRDZ9M6gFQNMInAOBFt7e3Rs6TpunabPEJIB/CJwA0iOq4yjAMjVQ/5/O58jG7u7sltARA2QifANAgOjPK+/1+qXuph2GotdA841GB9UT4BICGUd3vPo5jabfbEoZhoe1I01SGw6HW/vLZ1osA1g/hEwAaZm9vT/mYNE2l3+9Lq9WS2WyWqxIax7EMh8OH19JxcHCgfX4A1WJv9xWwtzuUsbc7aixNU2m1WpKmaa7XsSzroQK5tbX16u9eXl6KiNoC96+d9/r6mkXpgTX1Q9UNAACYZVmWHB0daY2zfKyqGepHR0cET2CN0e0OAA10dHS0lmMmXdctfa95AOUifAJAA1mWJScnJ2tVQbRtW05OTqpuBoCcCJ8A0FCO48hisViLALqOYRnA8wifANBg6xBAHceRi4sL5QXyAdQT4RMAGi4Ld6rrf5rQ6/VksVis5fhUAM8jfAIAxLZtWSwWMp1Oa1EFdV1XLi4uZDQa1aI9AIpD+AQAPPB9X66vryUIAuPVRsuyHs6/WCzoZgc2FOt8AgC+YlmWBEEgQRDIcrmU8/NziaKolP3dHccR13VlZ2dHPM8r/PUB1A/hEwDwIs/zHkJhmqYSx7HEcSz39/dyd3f3VSBNkuSbgPp4HGm2E9LW1pbYtl3LMaYAykf4BACsxLIscV2X0AggF8Z8AgAAwBjCJwAAAIwhfAIAAMAYwicAAACMIXwCAADAGGa7r+Dz3ydVNwEAAGAjUPkEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDGETwAAABhD+AQAAIAxhE8AAAAYQ/gEAACAMYRPAAAAGEP4BAAAgDE/yD//e9VtADbPd3+qugUAANTSd1++fPlSdSMAAADQDHS7AwAAwJj/A9UvolTQPVA2AAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)
](https://figment.io)

  * [Staking __](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?__](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH __](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians __](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator __](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products __](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app __](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs __](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators __](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage __](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data __](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking __](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs __](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions __](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management __](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces __](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets __](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company __](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About __](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog __](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers __](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events __](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press __](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security __](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

  * [Meet With Us __](https://figment.io/company/meet-with-us/)

  * [Sign In __](https://auth0.figment.io/u/login?state=hKFo2SBaVXI3VlhEUmNOVHZzR0E3OVVFZDBUN21uMlRlUVNXTqFur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIHdtYTBFS29FQmRqQmFRTzFtakdaZHQtVW1KSkwxNE1Po2NpZNkgMFl4YzNDVk9Iakd3Tzc4RDJEbzVoT1pHUlM4V1A3WEs)

  * [Staking ____](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?______](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH ______](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians ______](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator ______](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products ____](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs ______](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators ______](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage ______](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking ______](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs ______](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions ____](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management ______](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ______](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets ______](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company ____](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About ______](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog ______](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers ______](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events ______](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press ______](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security ______](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

###### Featured

#### Figment App: Liquid Collective Staking Guide

Liquid Staking is not currently available for US customers.  Liquid Collective
is an enterprise-grade liquid staking protocol. The first token...

Figment | August 2, 2023

Staking Guides

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-app-liquid-collective-staking-guide/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Q1 2024 Ethereum Validator Report

This report covers all of Figment’s Ethereum validators that were active
throughout the months of January, February, and March in...

Brady | April 25, 2024

Ethereum

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-q1-2024-ethereum-validator-report/)

###### Featured

#### Q1 2024: A Quarter of Growth and Innovation at Figment

The first three months of 2024 brought new milestones, products, and building
out our global team. Our team launched new...

Sabrina Tricarico | April 25, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/q1-2024-a-quarter-of-growth-and-innovation-at-
figment/)

###### Featured

#### A Look into The Upcoming Bitcoin Halving & Bitcoin Layer 2s

Basics of Bitcoin Bitcoin operates on a decentralized network of computers,
leveraging the power of blockchain technology. This setup ensures...

Brady | April 17, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/a-look-into-the-upcoming-bitcoin-halving-
bitcoin-layer-2s/)

###### Featured

#### EigenLayer Mainnet Launch and Figment’s Strategic Support: A Move Forward
for Ethereum Restaking

EigenLayer’s mainnet is now live, introducing the first-ever implementation of
restaking on Ethereum. This launch enables ETH stakers to secure...

Figment | April 9, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/eigenlayer-mainnet-launch-and-figments-
strategic-support-a-move-forward-for-ethereum-restaking/)

###### Featured

#### The Ultimate Guide to SOC 2 Compliance & Certifications

At Figment, achieving the SOC 2 Certification was a major milestone in
reinforcing our commitment to data security and enhancing...

Max Webster-Dowsing | April 1, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/the-ultimate-guide-to-soc-2-compliance-
certifications/)

###### Featured

#### Ledger and Figment Collaborate to Launch Ethereum Staking in Ledger Live

Key Highlights:  Ledger Live users can now securely and easily stake ETH with
Figment through the app in the Discover...

Figment | March 28, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/ethereum-staking-simplified-ledger-and-figment-
collaborate-to-launch-a-user-friendly-staking-solution-in-ledger-live/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Digital Asset Sidebar V2 Recap

Last week, Figment proudly hosted the second installment of our Digital Asset
Sidebar in the heart of London. Positioned to...

Max Webster-Dowsing | March 26, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-digital-asset-sidebar-v2-recap/)

###### Featured

#### EigenDA Launch: What Ethereum Stakers Need to Know

In the dynamic world of blockchain technology, understanding the evolving
landscape is crucial for stakeholders. Scalability on Ethereum is about...

Benjamin Thalman | March 25, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/eigenda-launch-what-ethereum-stakers-need-to-
know/)

###### Featured

#### The Nakamoto Release: A New Era for Stacks and Bitcoin

For stakers and Bitcoin enthusiasts alike, this piece aims to demystify the
intricacies of the Nakamoto Release, exploring its potential...

Brady | March 18, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/the-nakamoto-release-a-new-era-for-stacks-and-
bitcoin/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s EigenLayer Public Offering for Restaking

What is EigenLayer? EigenLayer is the first implementation of restaking on
Ethereum. It allows those staking Ether (ETH) to secure...

Benjamin Thalman | February 9, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-eigenlayer-public-offering-for-
restaking/)

###### Featured

#### Berachain: First Look

What is Berachain? Berachain is a new DeFi-focused Layer 1 blockchain designed
to better align validators and stakers with applications...

Drake Breeding | January 31, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/berachain-first-look/)

###### Featured

#### Figment Announces Support for Concordium

We are excited to announce support for Concordium. Concordium stands out as a
unique blockchain platform with several key features...

Figment | January 30, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-announces-support-for-concordium/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Take On Ethereum Execution Layer Strategies

To reduce risks for our customers and support the overall health of the
Ethereum network, Figment will substitute Geth with...

Max Webster-Dowsing | January 26, 2024

Ethereum

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-take-on-ethereum-execution-layer-
strategies/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Q4 2023 Ethereum Validator Report

This report covers all of Figment’s Ethereum validators that were active
throughout the months of October, November, and December in...

Brady | January 16, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-q4-2023-ethereum-validator-report/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Outlook for 2024: ETFs, ETPs, Staking, ETH Innovations & More

As we step into 2024, the blockchain and cryptocurrency industry is undergoing
rapid and transformative changes. This year is poised...

Max Webster-Dowsing | January 4, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-outlook-for-2024-etfs-etps-staking-
eth-innovations-more/)

###### Featured

#### The Ultimate Guide to How Staking Rewards are Calculated in Crypto

What are Staking Rewards? Staking rewards refer to the rewards generated by
cryptocurrency holders that stake their coins. This process...

Brady | December 14, 2023

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/how-are-staking-rewards-calculated/)

###### Featured

#### Figment To Enable Bitcoin L2 Rewards with Upcoming Support of the Stacks
Layer

We are excited to announce support for Stacks. Stacks is a smart contract
platform and Layer 2 (L2) for Bitcoin....

Figment | December 6, 2023

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-to-enable-bitcoin-l2-rewards-with-
upcoming-support-of-the-stacks-layer/)

###### Featured

#### An Analysis: Maximum Extractable Value (MEV) Relay Strategies for
Ethereum

This article was co-written by Reza Sabernia and Émerick Mary. Since the
Merge, Proof-of-Stake (PoS) Ethereum has grown significantly, with...

Reza Sabernia | November 16, 2023

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/an-analysis-maximum-extractable-value-mev-
relay-strategies-for-ethereum/)

###### Featured

#### Figment App: Liquid Collective Staking Guide

Liquid Staking is not currently available for US customers.  Liquid Collective
is an enterprise-grade liquid staking protocol. The first token...

Figment | August 2, 2023

Staking Guides

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-app-liquid-collective-staking-guide/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Q1 2024 Ethereum Validator Report

This report covers all of Figment’s Ethereum validators that were active
throughout the months of January, February, and March in...

Brady | April 25, 2024

Ethereum

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-q1-2024-ethereum-validator-report/)

###### Featured

#### Q1 2024: A Quarter of Growth and Innovation at Figment

The first three months of 2024 brought new milestones, products, and building
out our global team. Our team launched new...

Sabrina Tricarico | April 25, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/q1-2024-a-quarter-of-growth-and-innovation-at-
figment/)

###### Featured

#### A Look into The Upcoming Bitcoin Halving & Bitcoin Layer 2s

Basics of Bitcoin Bitcoin operates on a decentralized network of computers,
leveraging the power of blockchain technology. This setup ensures...

Brady | April 17, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/a-look-into-the-upcoming-bitcoin-halving-
bitcoin-layer-2s/)

###### Featured

#### EigenLayer Mainnet Launch and Figment’s Strategic Support: A Move Forward
for Ethereum Restaking

EigenLayer’s mainnet is now live, introducing the first-ever implementation of
restaking on Ethereum. This launch enables ETH stakers to secure...

Figment | April 9, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/eigenlayer-mainnet-launch-and-figments-
strategic-support-a-move-forward-for-ethereum-restaking/)

###### Featured

#### The Ultimate Guide to SOC 2 Compliance & Certifications

At Figment, achieving the SOC 2 Certification was a major milestone in
reinforcing our commitment to data security and enhancing...

Max Webster-Dowsing | April 1, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/the-ultimate-guide-to-soc-2-compliance-
certifications/)

###### Featured

#### Ledger and Figment Collaborate to Launch Ethereum Staking in Ledger Live

Key Highlights:  Ledger Live users can now securely and easily stake ETH with
Figment through the app in the Discover...

Figment | March 28, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/ethereum-staking-simplified-ledger-and-figment-
collaborate-to-launch-a-user-friendly-staking-solution-in-ledger-live/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Digital Asset Sidebar V2 Recap

Last week, Figment proudly hosted the second installment of our Digital Asset
Sidebar in the heart of London. Positioned to...

Max Webster-Dowsing | March 26, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-digital-asset-sidebar-v2-recap/)

###### Featured

#### EigenDA Launch: What Ethereum Stakers Need to Know

In the dynamic world of blockchain technology, understanding the evolving
landscape is crucial for stakeholders. Scalability on Ethereum is about...

Benjamin Thalman | March 25, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/eigenda-launch-what-ethereum-stakers-need-to-
know/)

###### Featured

#### The Nakamoto Release: A New Era for Stacks and Bitcoin

For stakers and Bitcoin enthusiasts alike, this piece aims to demystify the
intricacies of the Nakamoto Release, exploring its potential...

Brady | March 18, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/the-nakamoto-release-a-new-era-for-stacks-and-
bitcoin/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s EigenLayer Public Offering for Restaking

What is EigenLayer? EigenLayer is the first implementation of restaking on
Ethereum. It allows those staking Ether (ETH) to secure...

Benjamin Thalman | February 9, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-eigenlayer-public-offering-for-
restaking/)

###### Featured

#### Berachain: First Look

What is Berachain? Berachain is a new DeFi-focused Layer 1 blockchain designed
to better align validators and stakers with applications...

Drake Breeding | January 31, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/berachain-first-look/)

###### Featured

#### Figment Announces Support for Concordium

We are excited to announce support for Concordium. Concordium stands out as a
unique blockchain platform with several key features...

Figment | January 30, 2024

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-announces-support-for-concordium/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Take On Ethereum Execution Layer Strategies

To reduce risks for our customers and support the overall health of the
Ethereum network, Figment will substitute Geth with...

Max Webster-Dowsing | January 26, 2024

Ethereum

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-take-on-ethereum-execution-layer-
strategies/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Q4 2023 Ethereum Validator Report

This report covers all of Figment’s Ethereum validators that were active
throughout the months of October, November, and December in...

Brady | January 16, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-q4-2023-ethereum-validator-report/)

###### Featured

#### Figment’s Outlook for 2024: ETFs, ETPs, Staking, ETH Innovations & More

As we step into 2024, the blockchain and cryptocurrency industry is undergoing
rapid and transformative changes. This year is poised...

Max Webster-Dowsing | January 4, 2024

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/figments-outlook-for-2024-etfs-etps-staking-
eth-innovations-more/)

###### Featured

#### The Ultimate Guide to How Staking Rewards are Calculated in Crypto

What are Staking Rewards? Staking rewards refer to the rewards generated by
cryptocurrency holders that stake their coins. This process...

Brady | December 14, 2023

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/how-are-staking-rewards-calculated/)

###### Featured

#### Figment To Enable Bitcoin L2 Rewards with Upcoming Support of the Stacks
Layer

We are excited to announce support for Stacks. Stacks is a smart contract
platform and Layer 2 (L2) for Bitcoin....

Figment | December 6, 2023

News

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-to-enable-bitcoin-l2-rewards-with-
upcoming-support-of-the-stacks-layer/)

###### Featured

#### An Analysis: Maximum Extractable Value (MEV) Relay Strategies for
Ethereum

This article was co-written by Reza Sabernia and Émerick Mary. Since the
Merge, Proof-of-Stake (PoS) Ethereum has grown significantly, with...

Reza Sabernia | November 16, 2023

Research

[](https://figment.io/insights/an-analysis-maximum-extractable-value-mev-
relay-strategies-for-ethereum/)

###### Featured

#### Figment App: Liquid Collective Staking Guide

Liquid Staking is not currently available for US customers.  Liquid Collective
is an enterprise-grade liquid staking protocol. The first token...

Figment | August 2, 2023

Staking Guides

[](https://figment.io/insights/figment-app-liquid-collective-staking-guide/)

____Menu

  * [ All ______](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
  * [ Research ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/research/)
  * [ Staking Guides ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/staking-guides/)
  * [ Protocols ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/)
    * [Agoric ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/agoric/)
    * [ Aleo ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/aleo/)
    * [ Aptos ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/aptos/)
    * [ Audius ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/audius/)
    * [ Avalanche ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/avalanche/)
    * [ Axelar ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/axelar/)
    * [ Band ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/band/)
    * [ BNB Chain ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/bnb-chain/)
    * [ Cardano ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/cardano/)
    * [ Casper ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/casper/)
    * [ Celestia ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Celo ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/celo/)
    * [ Cosmos Hub ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/cosmos-hub/)
    * [ dYdX ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/dydx/)
    * [ Ethereum ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ Flare ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/flare/)
    * [ Flow ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/flow/)
    * [ Injective ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/injective/)
    * [ Mina ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/mina/)
    * [ MultiversX ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/multiversx/)
    * [ Namada ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/namada/)
    * [ Near ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/near/)
    * [ Osmosis ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/osmosis/)
    * [ Polkadot ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ Provenance ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/provenance/)
    * [ SEI ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/sei/)
    * [ SKALE ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/skale/)
    * [ Solana ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Stacks ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/stacks/)
    * [ Sui ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/sui/)
    * [ The Graph ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/the-graph/)
    * [ Vara ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/vara/)
    * [ WEMIX ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/wemix/)
    * [ ZetaChain ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/protocols/zetachain/)
  * [News ______](https://figment.io/insights/category/news/)

__ Clear

__ Search

## All Posts

[ ![](https://figment.io/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Figment-
Growth-300x169.jpg) ](https://figment.io/insights/q1-2024-a-quarter-of-growth-
and-innovation-at-figment/)

###  [ Q1 2024: A Quarter of Growth and Innovation at Figment
](https://figment.io/insights/q1-2024-a-quarter-of-growth-and-innovation-at-
figment/)

Sabrina Tricarico  April 25, 2024

The first three months of 2024 brought new milestones, products,

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/Token-2049-300x169.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/navigating-storms-and-staking-our-takeaways-
from-token2049/)

###  [ Navigating Storms and Staking: Our Takeaways from Token2049
](https://figment.io/insights/navigating-storms-and-staking-our-takeaways-
from-token2049/)

Harry Jackson  April 24, 2024

Figment has just returned from Dubai and Abu Dhabi where

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/BTC_vs_ETH-300x169.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/bitcoin-vs-ethereum-the-ultimate-eth-vs-btc-
guide-2024/)

###  [ Bitcoin vs Ethereum: The Ultimate ETH vs BTC Guide [2024]
](https://figment.io/insights/bitcoin-vs-ethereum-the-ultimate-eth-vs-btc-
guide-2024/)

Max Webster-Dowsing  April 23, 2024

In the dynamic world of cryptocurrency, the “Bitcoin vs Ethereum”

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/eth_entry_and_exits-300x169.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/understanding-the-timeline-staking-and-
unstaking-ethereum/)

###  [ Understanding the Timeline: Staking and Unstaking Ethereum
](https://figment.io/insights/understanding-the-timeline-staking-and-
unstaking-ethereum/)

Benjamin Thalman  April 22, 2024

Staking Ethereum allows users to access rewards while securing the

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/title-card-2-300x169.jpg)
](https://figment.io/insights/april-newsletter-ledger-live-launch-eigenlayer-
mainnet-launch-more/)

###  [ April Newsletter: Ledger Live Launch, EigenLayer Mainnet Launch & More
](https://figment.io/insights/april-newsletter-ledger-live-launch-eigenlayer-
mainnet-launch-more/)

Figment  April 18, 2024

You Can Now Stake Ethereum On Ledger Live! We’re excited

[
![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/unnamed-5-300x200.png)
](https://figment.io/insights/solana-mev-with-jito-now-available-through-
figment-reporting/)

###  [ Solana MEV with Jito now available through Figment Reporting
](https://figment.io/insights/solana-mev-with-jito-now-available-through-
figment-reporting/)

Guillaume Galuz  April 18, 2024

The MEV ecosystem on Solana has been growing rapidly. Figment

[« Previous](https://figment.io/company/blog/2/)
[Page1](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
[Page2](https://figment.io/company/blog/2/) Page3
[Page4](https://figment.io/company/blog/4/)
[Page5](https://figment.io/company/blog/5/) …
[Page47](https://figment.io/company/blog/47/) [Next
»](https://figment.io/company/blog/4/)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/Ad-banner.png)

[Start Now](https://app.figment.io/sign-
up?utm_source=Website&utm_medium=Blog&utm_content=signup&utm_campaign=stickyCTA)

## Get started with staking ETH

  * [ __ Ethereum: A Deep Dive Into New ETH Rewards Dynamics ](/insights/ethereum-a-deep-dive-into-new-eth-rewards-dynamicsethereum-a-deep-dive-into-new-eth-rewards-dynamics/)
  * [ __ Ethereum Withdrawals: A Comprehensive FAQ ](/insights/ethereum-withdrawals-a-comprehensive-faq/)
  * [ __ Ethereum: Shanghai & Capella Upgrades Will Enable Withdrawal Functionality Soon ](/insights/ethereum-shanghai-capella-upgrades-will-enable-withdrawal-functionality-soon/)

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/mycompany/)

[__](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAAAAACH5BAEKAAEALAAAAAABAAEAAAICTAEAOw==)![](https://figment.io/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/Book-Mockup-1.png)

## Check out the Latest Figment Insider

[Download](https://figment.docsend.com/view/qmtu3q9ap58cse6c)

_The information on this website is being provided to you for general
informational purposes only. It is not intended to be, nor should it be relied
upon as, legal, business, or investment advice. Figment undertakes no
obligation to update the information on this website. Figment and its officers
and directors expressly disclaim any liability of any nature associated with
the information on this website. Please consult your own advisers and lawyers
for their advice on the matters covered on this website._

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

## Sign up for our newsletter

Email(Required)

Alternative:

WPA

Figment respects your privacy. By submitting this form, you are acknowledging
that you have read and agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/), which
details how we collect and use your information.

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/)

[](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

#### Staking

  * [What is Staking?____](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
  * [ Stake ETH ____](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
  * [ Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [ Custodians ____](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
  * [ Rewards Calculator ____](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)

#### Protocols

  * [Ethereum ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
  * [ Solana ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
  * [ Celestia ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
  * [ Polkadot ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
  * [ Polygon ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
  * [ Sui ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/sui/)
  * [ All ____](https://figment.io/?page_id=93994)

#### Products

  * [Staking app ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
  * [ APIs ____](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
  * [ Validators ____](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
  * [ Slashing Coverage ____](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
  * [ Staking Data ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
  * [ Liquid Staking ____](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
  * [ Developer Docs ____](https://docs.figment.io/)

#### Solutions

  * [Asset Management ____](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
  * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ____](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
  * [ Custodians & Wallets ____](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)

#### Company

  * [About ____](https://figment.io/company/about/)
  * [ Blog ____](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
  * [ Careers ____](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
  * [ Press ____](https://figment.io/company/press/)
  * [ Infrastructure & Security ____](https://trustpage.figment.io/)
  * [ Events ____](https://figment.io/resources/events/)

© 2024 Figment

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

  *   * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  *   * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)
  * 

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

__ Go to Top

Notifications

