[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

# Cryptocurrency Price Prediction

### What is cryptocurrency price prediction?

Cryptocurrency price prediction is the process of forecasting the future value
of a cryptocurrency. It involves analyzing various factors such as historical
price data, market trends, [news events](https://www.binance.com/en/feed), and
technological advancements to determine the potential price trajectory of a
particular cryptocurrency.  
  
Whether it’s [Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin),
[Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum), or
[Solana](https://www.binance.com/en/price/solana), predicting cryptocurrency
prices with absolute certainty is challenging due to the inherent volatility,
and the dynamic nature of the [crypto
market](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview). However, various methods
and approaches can be employed to make informed price projections.

### How to calculate the crypto price in 2030?

Various methods and approaches can provide valuable insights into crypto
prices and help investors make informed decisions:  

  1. **Technical analysis:** Technical analysis involves studying historical price patterns, trends, and technical indicators to identify potential support and resistance levels, predict future price movements, and make trading decisions.
  2. **Fundamental analysis:** Fundamental analysis focuses on evaluating the intrinsic value of a cryptocurrency by assessing its underlying technology, network usage, adoption rate, team expertise, and future prospects.
  3. **Price prediction models:** Various price prediction models utilize statistical algorithms, machine learning techniques, and complex mathematical formulas to forecast future prices based on historical data and market conditions.
  4. **On-chain analysis:** On-chain analysis involves analyzing data directly from the blockchain, such as transaction volume, active addresses, network hash rate, and miner activity, to assess the overall health and usage of a cryptocurrency network.
  5. **Sentiment analysis:** Sentiment analysis involves monitoring social media discussions, news articles, and online forums to gauge public sentiment towards a particular cryptocurrency.

While these methods can provide valuable insights, it's crucial to note that
cryptocurrency price predictions are inherently probabilistic and subject to
significant uncertainties.

### How much will 1 Bitcoin be worth in 2030?

Predicting the exact price of Bitcoin in 2030 is a complex task due to the
numerous factors that can influence its value. The future price of Bitcoin
will depend on the overall growth and adoption of cryptocurrencies,
technological advancements, regulatory developments, and the broader economic
landscape.  
Check out other opinions on price targets and project confidence levels —
known as a [Consensus Rating](https://www.binance.com/en/price-
prediction/bitcoin) on Binance.

### How to predict crypto prices?

Technical indicators are the most common way of predicting crypto price
movements. One of the most used technical indicators are moving averages.
Insights are drawn from whether the price is above or below important moving
averages like the 21-day, 50-day, and 200-day averages. Additionally,
oscillators like the Relative Strength Index (RSI) and Moving Average
Convergence Divergence (MACD) are used to analyze short-term market trends and
pinpoint potential trading options.

### What affects cryptocurrency prices?

The cryptocurrency market is a complex and ever-evolving landscape, influenced
by a multitude of factors. These include supply and demand, network usage and
adoption, government regulations, media coverage, technological advancements,
market sentiment, major news events, and the actions of whales or market
manipulators. Understanding these factors and their interconnectedness is
essential for making informed investment decisions in the crypto space.

### Should I use today's price prediction as a final buying or selling price?

No, relying solely on today's price prediction for making final buying or
selling decisions is not advisable. Cryptocurrency price predictions are
probabilistic and subject to change, and they should not be considered
definitive guidance.  
Before making any investment decisions, it's crucial to conduct thorough
research, consider your risk tolerance, and evaluate the overall
cryptocurrency market conditions. Seek guidance from financial professionals
if necessary.

## All cryptocurrencies

Sorted by market cap

[1![Bitcoin
BTC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1.png)BitcoinBTC](/en/price-
prediction/bitcoin)[2![Litecoin
LTC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2.png)LitecoinLTC](/en/price-
prediction/litecoin)[3![XRP
XRP](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/52.png)XRPXRP](/en/price-
prediction/xrp)[4![Dogecoin
DOGE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/74.png)DogecoinDOGE](/en/price-
prediction/dogecoin)[5![DigiByte
DGB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/109.png)DigiByteDGB](/en/price-
prediction/digibyte)[6![Dash
DASH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/131.png)DashDASH](/en/price-
prediction/dash)[7![Stellar
XLM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/512.png)StellarXLM](/en/price-
prediction/stellar)[8![Syscoin
SYS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/541.png)SyscoinSYS](/en/price-
prediction/syscoin)[9![Verge
XVG](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/693.png)VergeXVG](/en/price-
prediction/verge)[10![Tether USDt
USDT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/825.png)Tether
USDtUSDT](/en/price-prediction/tether)[11![NEM
XEM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/873.png)NEMXEM](/en/price-
prediction/xem)[12![Ethereum
ETH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1027.png)EthereumETH](/en/price-
prediction/ethereum)[13![Siacoin
SC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1042.png)SiacoinSC](/en/price-
prediction/siacoin)[14![Decred
DCR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1168.png)DecredDCR](/en/price-
prediction/decred)[15![PIVX
PIVX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1169.png)PIVXPIVX](/en/price-
prediction/pivx)[16![Lisk
LSK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1214.png)LiskLSK](/en/price-
prediction/lisk)[17![Steem
STEEM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1230.png)SteemSTEEM](/en/price-
prediction/steem)[18![Waves
WAVES](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1274.png)WavesWAVES](/en/price-
prediction/waves)[19![Ardor
ARDR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1320.png)ArdorARDR](/en/price-
prediction/ardor)[20![Ethereum Classic
ETC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1321.png)Ethereum
ClassicETC](/en/price-prediction/ethereum-classic)[21![Neo
NEO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1376.png)NeoNEO](/en/price-
prediction/neo)[22![Firo
FIRO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1414.png)FiroFIRO](/en/price-
prediction/firo)[23![Zcash
ZEC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1437.png)ZcashZEC](/en/price-
prediction/zcash)[24![Golem
GLM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1455.png)GolemGLM](/en/price-
prediction/golem-network-tokens)[25![Maker
MKR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1518.png)MakerMKR](/en/price-
prediction/maker)[26![Komodo
KMD](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1521.png)KomodoKMD](/en/price-
prediction/komodo)[27![Enzyme
MLN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1552.png)EnzymeMLN](/en/price-
prediction/enzyme)[28![Nano
XNO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1567.png)NanoXNO](/en/price-
prediction/nano)[29![Ark
ARK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1586.png)ArkARK](/en/price-
prediction/ark)[30![iExec RLC
RLC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1637.png)iExec
RLCRLC](/en/price-prediction/rlc)[31![Gnosis
GNO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1659.png)GnosisGNO](/en/price-
prediction/gnosis-gno)[32![Qtum
QTUM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1684.png)QtumQTUM](/en/price-
prediction/qtum)[33![Basic Attention Token
BAT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1697.png)Basic
Attention TokenBAT](/en/price-prediction/basic-attention-token)[34![Horizen
ZEN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1698.png)HorizenZEN](/en/price-
prediction/horizen)[35![IOTA
IOTA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1720.png)IOTAIOTA](/en/price-
prediction/miota)[36![Bancor
BNT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1727.png)BancorBNT](/en/price-
prediction/bancor)[37![Numeraire
NMR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1732.png)NumeraireNMR](/en/price-
prediction/numeraire)[38![FUNToken
FUN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1757.png)FUNTokenFUN](/en/price-
prediction/funtoken)[39![Status
SNT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1759.png)StatusSNT](/en/price-
prediction/status)[40![EOS
EOS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1765.png)EOSEOS](/en/price-
prediction/eos)[41![AdEx
ADX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1768.png)AdExADX](/en/price-
prediction/adx-net)[42![Storj
STORJ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1772.png)StorjSTORJ](/en/price-
prediction/storj)[43![Gas
GAS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1785.png)GasGAS](/en/price-
prediction/gas)[44![Metal DAO
MTL](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1788.png)Metal
DAOMTL](/en/price-prediction/metal)[45![OMG Network
OMG](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1808.png)OMG
NetworkOMG](/en/price-prediction/omg)[46![Civic
CVC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1816.png)CivicCVC](/en/price-
prediction/civic)[47![Voyager Token
VGX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1817.png)Voyager
TokenVGX](/en/price-prediction/voyager-token)[48![Bitcoin Cash
BCH](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1831.png)Bitcoin
CashBCH](/en/price-prediction/bitcoin-cash)[49![BNB
BNB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1839.png)BNBBNB](/en/price-
prediction/bnb)[50![OAX
OAX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1853.png)OAXOAX](/en/price-
prediction/oax)[51![Dent
DENT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1886.png)DentDENT](/en/price-
prediction/dent)[52![0x Protocol
ZRX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1896.png)0x
ProtocolZRX](/en/price-prediction/0x)[53![Loopring
LRC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1934.png)LoopringLRC](/en/price-
prediction/loopring)[54![TRON
TRX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1958.png)TRONTRX](/en/price-
prediction/tron)[55![Decentraland
MANA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1966.png)DecentralandMANA](/en/price-
prediction/decentraland)[56![Chainlink
LINK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1975.png)ChainlinkLINK](/en/price-
prediction/chainlink)[57![Cardano
ADA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2010.png)CardanoADA](/en/price-
prediction/cardano)[58![Tezos
XTZ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2011.png)TezosXTZ](/en/price-
prediction/tezos)[59![Viberate
VIB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2019.png)ViberateVIB](/en/price-
prediction/viberate)[60![AirSwap
AST](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2058.png)AirSwapAST](/en/price-
prediction/airswap)[61![Request
REQ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2071.png)RequestREQ](/en/price-
prediction/request)[62![AirDAO
AMB](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2081.png)AirDAOAMB](/en/price-
prediction/airdao)[63![NULS
NULS](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2092.png)NULSNULS](/en/price-
prediction/nuls)[64![ICON
ICX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2099.png)ICONICX](/en/price-
prediction/icon)[65![Enjin Coin
ENJ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2130.png)Enjin
CoinENJ](/en/price-prediction/enjin-coin)[66![Powerledger
POWR](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2132.png)PowerledgerPOWR](/en/price-
prediction/power-ledger)[67![Streamr
DATA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2143.png)StreamrDATA](/en/price-
prediction/streamr)[68![Filecoin
FIL](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2280.png)FilecoinFIL](/en/price-
prediction/filecoin)[69![Gifto
GFT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2289.png)GiftoGFT](/en/price-
prediction/gifto)[70![StormX
STMX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2297.png)StormXSTMX](/en/price-
prediction/stormx)[71![aelf
ELF](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2299.png)aelfELF](/en/price-
prediction/aelf)[72![WAX
WAXP](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2300.png)WAXWAXP](/en/price-
prediction/wax)[73![xMoney
UTK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2320.png)xMoneyUTK](/en/price-
prediction/utrust)[74![Measurable Data Token
MDT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2348.png)Measurable
Data TokenMDT](/en/price-prediction/measurable-data-token)[75![SelfKey
KEY](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2398.png)SelfKeyKEY](/en/price-
prediction/selfkey)[76![IOST
IOST](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2405.png)IOSTIOST](/en/price-
prediction/iostoken)[77![Theta Network
THETA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2416.png)Theta
NetworkTHETA](/en/price-prediction/theta-network)[78![SingularityNET
AGIX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2424.png)SingularityNETAGIX](/en/price-
prediction/singularitynet)[79![Zilliqa
ZIL](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2469.png)ZilliqaZIL](/en/price-
prediction/zilliqa)[80![Bluzelle
BLZ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2505.png)BluzelleBLZ](/en/price-
prediction/bluzelle)[81![Ren
REN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2539.png)RenREN](/en/price-
prediction/ren)[82![TrueUSD
TUSD](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2563.png)TrueUSDTUSD](/en/price-
prediction/trueusd)[83![Ontology
ONT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2566.png)OntologyONT](/en/price-
prediction/ontology)[84![Viction
VIC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2570.png)VictionVIC](/en/price-
prediction/viction)[85![Ravencoin
RVN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2577.png)RavencoinRVN](/en/price-
prediction/ravencoin)[86![Synthetix
SNX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2586.png)SynthetixSNX](/en/price-
prediction/synthetix)[87![Loom Network
LOOM](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2588.png)Loom
NetworkLOOM](/en/price-prediction/loom-network)[88![Wanchain
WAN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2606.png)WanchainWAN](/en/price-
prediction/wanchain)[89![Cortex
CTXC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2638.png)CortexCTXC](/en/price-
prediction/cortex)[90![Dock
DOCK](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2675.png)DockDOCK](/en/price-
prediction/dock)[91![Holo
HOT](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2682.png)HoloHOT](/en/price-
prediction/holo)[92![Nexo
NEXO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2694.png)NexoNEXO](/en/price-
prediction/nexo)[93![AVA
AVA](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2776.png)AVAAVA](/en/price-
prediction/ava)[94![IoTeX
IOTX](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2777.png)IoTeXIOTX](/en/price-
prediction/iotex)[95![NKN
NKN](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2780.png)NKNNKN](/en/price-
prediction/nkn)[96![QuarkChain
QKC](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2840.png)QuarkChainQKC](/en/price-
prediction/quarkchain)[97![IQ
IQ](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2930.png)IQIQ](/en/price-
prediction/iq)[98![VITE
VITE](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2937.png)VITEVITE](/en/price-
prediction/vite)[99![Rocket Pool
RPL](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/2943.png)Rocket
PoolRPL](/en/price-prediction/rocket-pool)[100![VeThor Token
VTHO](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/3012.png)VeThor
TokenVTHO](/en/price-prediction/vethor-token)

[1](/en/price-prediction)[2](/en/price-prediction?page=2)[3](/en/price-
prediction?page=3)[4](/en/price-prediction?page=4)[](/en/price-
prediction?page=2)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

