[![Binance Square](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/feed-logo-en-
dark-3.svg)](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

[Home ](/en/square)[Notification ](/en/square/notifications)[Profile
](/en/square/profile/undefined)[Trending Articles ](/en/square/trending)[News
](/en/square/news/all)[Creator Center ](/en/square/creator-
center/home)[Settings ](/en/square/settings)

# Bitcoin and Ethereum ETFs Predicted to Reach $450 Billion Market

[![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)LIVE![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/official-
certified-dark.svg)](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

[Binance News](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

2h„Éª2.8k views

Follow

According to Odaily, a research report released on Tuesday by brokerage firm
Bernstein predicts a significant growth in the market for Bitcoin
([BTC](/en/trade/BTC_USDT?contentId=8707753754634)) and Ethereum
([ETH](/en/trade/ETH_USDT?contentId=8707753754634)) exchange-traded funds
(ETFs). The report suggests that the market could expand to a staggering $450
billion. This implies that over the next 18 to 24 months, the funds flowing
into cryptocurrency ETFs could exceed $100 billion.

The prediction underscores the increasing interest and investment in
cryptocurrency ETFs, particularly those linked to Bitcoin and Ethereum. These
digital assets have seen a surge in popularity and value over recent years,
attracting significant attention from investors and financial institutions
alike.

The report by Bernstein provides a positive outlook for the future of
cryptocurrency ETFs, suggesting a potential for substantial growth and
investment in the sector. However, it is important to note that the
cryptocurrency market is highly volatile and unpredictable, and investments
should be made with caution.

Disclaimer: Includes thrid-party opinions. No financial advice. May include
sponsored content.[ See T&Cs.](/en/square/terms)

1

Report

Block User

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)LIVE

0/280

Reply

Explore the lastest crypto news

‚ö°Ô∏è Be a part of the latests discussions in crypto

üí¨ Interact with your favorite creators

üëç Enjoy content that interests you

Email / Phone number

Sign Up

Login

Relevant Creator

[![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)LIVE![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/official-
certified-dark.svg)](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

[Binance News](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

@Binance_News

Follow

## Explore More From Creator

[Bitcoin Price Predicted To Reach New Highs In Summer
2024](/en/square/post/8712059500554)

4m

[Semler Scientific's Stock Rises After Bitcoin
Purchase](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-semler-scientific-s-stock-rises-after-
bitcoin-purchase-8711866215890)

10m

[Decentralized AI Project GaiaNet Secures $10 Million
Funding](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-decentralized-ai-project-gaianet-
secures-10-million-funding-8711756524042)

13m

[Aptos Reports Significant Growth in Ecosystem Trading Volume and DeFi
TVL](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-aptos-reports-significant-growth-in-ecosystem-
trading-volume-and-defi-tvl-8711517689074)

21m

[Bullish Cryptocurrency Exchange Announces New CFO and Vice
President](/en/square/post/8711460434617)

23m

## Latest News

[Bitcoin Price Predicted To Reach New Highs In Summer
2024](/en/square/post/8712059500554)

4m

[Semler Scientific's Stock Rises After Bitcoin
Purchase](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-semler-scientific-s-stock-rises-after-
bitcoin-purchase-8711866215890)

10m

[Decentralized AI Project GaiaNet Secures $10 Million
Funding](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-decentralized-ai-project-gaianet-
secures-10-million-funding-8711756524042)

13m

[Aptos Reports Significant Growth in Ecosystem Trading Volume and DeFi
TVL](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-aptos-reports-significant-growth-in-ecosystem-
trading-volume-and-defi-tvl-8711517689074)

21m

[Bullish Cryptocurrency Exchange Announces New CFO and Vice
President](/en/square/post/8711460434617)

23m

[View More](/en/square/news/all)

## Trending Articles

[Mt. Gox Makes Surprise Return With Massive Bitcoin Dump, Crypto World on
Edge](/en/square/post/8698769600009)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202212/3d8036226854cb3e1c52b8afc09182ac.jpg)CoinEdition](/en/square/profile/coinedition)

[How Will This Week‚Äôs US Economic Data Impact Crypto Markets?
](/en/square/post/8651460606474)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202210/282ac319140b9608d424f76adf9f5551.jpg)CryptoPotato![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-
admin-
api/images/u96pr58M4Ns6wHbbnbwoVf.png)](/en/square/profile/cryptopotato_official)

[Prepare For Impact: Market Expert Says Biggest Disaster In Crypto Yet To
Come](/en/square/post/8590641422858)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202402/60c2387953c44aa5cc4e388aa9381423.png)Crypto
Breaking](/en/square/profile/cryptobreaking)

[TOP 6 BULLISH CANDLESTICK PETTERNS EVERY TRADER SHOULD
KNOW](/en/square/post/8589691821922)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202405/dc3e76ffa43b2061c26c0dc09a36c902.png)Chumba
Money![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/okTkVbBvh731mRjW1WqnZw.png)](/en/square/profile/chumba_24)

[Ripple CTO Demystifies Tokenization, Stuns XRP
Community](/en/square/post/8589381464874)

[![avatar](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/qW78Mdd6MrC8agW8emDc1a.png)U.today](/en/square/profile/utoday_en)

[View More](/en/square/trending)

[Sitemap](/en/square/sitemap/post/1)

Cookie Preferences

[Platform T&Cs](/en/square/terms)

[Sitemap](/en/square/sitemap/post/1)

[Platform T&Cs](/en/square/terms)

ba-one-trust-cookie

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We‚Äôd
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‚Äé

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‚Äé

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‚Äé

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‚Äé

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

