  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

# Trust Blog

Explore the latest topics and insights to help you navigate Web3 with
confidence and ease.

[Follow Trust Wallet on](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)![Explore Solana DeFi
with Lifinity](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_lifinity_13b7f34346.png&w=1080&q=75)

May 27, 2024

## Explore Solana DeFi with Lifinity

[Learn More ](/blog/explore-solana-defi-with-lifinity)

  * [![Explore Solana DeFi with Lifinity](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_lifinity_13b7f34346.png&w=828&q=75)Explore Solana DeFi with LifinityExplore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Lifinity and Trust Wallet. Discover Lifinity's features and learn about the Lifinity token.](/blog/explore-solana-defi-with-lifinity)
  * [![What is Blockchain? A Deep Dive](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_blockchain_4e7d392610.png&w=828&q=75)What is Blockchain? A Deep DiveLearn what blockchain technology is, how it works, and how it’s revolutionizing finance, health care, real estate and much more.](/blog/what-is-blockchain)
  * [![SEC Approves Ethereum ETFs in the US: Why It Matters](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_etf_approved_1aa1f9e7ae.png&w=828&q=75)SEC Approves Ethereum ETFs in the US: Why It MattersDiscover the significance of the recent SEC approval of spot Ether ETFs in the United States. Learn how this milestone could help drive mainstream adoption.](/blog/sec-approves-ethereum-etfs-in-the-us)
  * [![What is Solana?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_solana_5ada0cf3e2.png&w=828&q=75)What is Solana?Discover the Solana blockchain. Learn how it works, what makes it unique, and why it’s become so popular in the crypto and Web3 space.](/blog/solana)
  * [![What is Staking in Cryptocurrency?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_staking_crypto_c0f3ae9f6a.png&w=828&q=75)What is Staking in Cryptocurrency?Learn about staking in cryptocurrency, a process of locking up crypto assets to support blockchain operations and earn rewards.](/blog/staking)
  * [![The FIO Protocol: A Beginner's Guide](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffio_protocol_guide_f883759604.png&w=828&q=75)The FIO Protocol: A Beginner's GuideDiscover the FIO Protocol and FIO Handles. Compare them with ENS domains and other human-readable domain protocols in the Web3 ecosystem.](/blog/fio-protocol-beginners-guide)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Blast](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblast_beginners_guide_f2b2bf6896.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to BlastLearn everything you need to know about Bast, the only Ethereum L2 with native yield for ETH and stablecoins.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-blast)
  * [![Explore Solana DeFi with Drift](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_drift_ae5c0ac140.png&w=828&q=75)Explore Solana DeFi with DriftExplore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Drift and Trust Wallet. Discover swaps, perpetuals, spot trading with leverage, and more.](/blog/explore-solana-defi-with-drift)
  * [![Explore Solana DeFi with Raydium](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_defi_with_raydium_9b1fd26338.png&w=828&q=75)Explore Solana DeFi with RaydiumExplore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Raydium and Trust Wallet. Discover secure swapping, liquidity pools, and staking for enhanced asset management.](/blog/explore-solana-defi-with-raydium)
  * [![What is Liquid Staking?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_liquid_staking_2c6b138067.png&w=828&q=75)What is Liquid Staking?Learn everything you need to know about liquid staking. Explore what it is and discover popular protocols including Lido and RocketPool.](/blog/what-is-liquid-staking)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Scroll](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fscroll_beginners_guide_c9f59ca6c4.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to ScrollLearn everything you need to know about the Scroll, an innovative zkEVM Layer-2 Solution.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-scroll)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to ICP](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ficp_beginners_guide_d276a62082.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to ICPLearn everything you need to know about ICP. Explore its ecosystem, use cases, and more in this beginner's guide.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-icp)
  * [![Crypto Fear & Greed Index: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_fear_greed_index_abda20b479.png&w=828&q=75)Crypto Fear & Greed Index: ExplainedExplore the Crypto Fear & Greed Index and its ties to traditional stock markets. Understand market sentiment for informed crypto decisions.](/blog/crypto-fear-greed-index-explained)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to BEAM](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeam_beginners_guide_5dc0f2babf.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to BEAMDiscover everything you need to know about Beam, the BEAM token and its place in crypto gaming.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-beam)
  * [![How to Research Meme Coins](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_research_memecoins_fa6484c8c4.png&w=828&q=75)How to Research Meme CoinsDiscover the ultimate guide on researching meme coins. Learn where to find reliable information and how to avoid scams.](/blog/how-to-research-meme-coins)
  * [![Crypto Gaming Tokens: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_gaming_tokens_explained_12ebb62d82.png&w=828&q=75)Crypto Gaming Tokens: ExplainedLearn about the world of crypto gaming tokens. Explore how they integrate into gaming ecosystems they are a part of.](/blog/crypto-gaming-tokens-explained)
  * [![Solana Meme Coins vs Base Meme Coins](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_memecoins_base_memecoins_bc12e81e1e.png&w=828&q=75)Solana Meme Coins vs Base Meme CoinsCompare Solana meme coins to Base meme coins in this helpful guide. Learn why Solana and Base meme coins are attracting new users.](/blog/solana-meme-coins-vs-base-meme-coins)
  * [![Bitcoin Cycle Tops: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_cycle_tops_65f34ebbce.png&w=828&q=75)Bitcoin Cycle Tops: ExplainedExplore the historical narrative of Bitcoin cycle tops. Learn about popular indicators investors use to predict cycle tops.](/blog/bitcoin-cycle-tops-explained)
  * [![OP Mainnet: Exploring the Superchain](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fopmainnet_superchain_cf4df5cbed.png&w=828&q=75)OP Mainnet: Exploring the SuperchainDiscover the transformative potential of OP Mainnet, now emerging as the Superchain, a network designed to redefine Web3](/blog/exploring-op-mainnet-optimism-token)
  * [![What Causes Crypto Crashes?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fcrypto_crash_causes_0efa437f70.png&w=828&q=75)What Causes Crypto Crashes?Explore everything you need to know about crypto crashes and the catalysts behind them. We examine some of the biggest downturns in crypto history.](/blog/what-causes-crypto-crashes)
  * [![What is Restaking?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_restaking_16a3fb7841.png&w=828&q=75)What is Restaking?Uncover the concept of restaking in the world of decentralized finance, exploring how it enhances staking rewards generation and more.](/blog/what-is-restaking)
  * [![Exploring Ether.fi: Revolutionizing Ethereum Staking](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fexploring_etherfi_b00cb04bed.png&w=828&q=75)Exploring Ether.fi: Revolutionizing Ethereum StakingDiscover how Ether.fi is changing the game in Ethereum staking with its non-custodial, liquid restaking platform, empowering users with control and flexibility.](/blog/exploring-ether-fi-revolutionizing-ethereum-staking)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Helium \(HNT\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhelium_beginners_guide_7ce1fe6586.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to Helium (HNT)Explore The Helium Network Token (HNT), the Solana-based native cryptocurrency of the Helium Network.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-helium-hnt)
  * [![The Evolution of Ethereum Decentralization](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_decentralization_c062350f35.png&w=828&q=75)The Evolution of Ethereum DecentralizationLearn about Ethereum's journey to decentralization! Explore its origins, rising decentralization (post-Merge), and future plans.](/blog/the-evolution-of-ethereum-decentralization)
  * [![Cat in a Dogs World \(MEW\): Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmew_token_explained_94be83aaec.png&w=828&q=75)Cat in a Dogs World (MEW): ExplainedExplore Cat in a Dogs World (MEW), a popular Solana-based meme coin grabbing the attention in a dog-themed dominated world.](/blog/mew-token-explained)
  * [![The Merlin Chain and MERL Token: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmerlin_chain_merl_token_fc4f400154.png&w=828&q=75)The Merlin Chain and MERL Token: ExplainedExplore the Merlin Chain, a Bitcoin native Layer 2 solution. Learn about its origins, the MERL token and more.](/blog/merlin-chain-merl-token-explained)
  * [![Runes Vs Ordinals](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Frunes_vs_ordinals_a1e427174b.png&w=828&q=75)Runes Vs OrdinalsCompare Runes and Ordinals head-to-head. Discover what sets them apart in this detailed comparison.](/blog/runes-vs-ordinals)
  * [![Bitcoin Transaction Fees: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_transaction_fees_b7d6000765.png&w=828&q=75)Bitcoin Transaction Fees: ExplainedDiscover what influences Bitcoin transaction fees! Learn why they fluctuate, from network congestion to market demand.](/blog/bitcoin-transaction-fees-explained)
  * [![How to Install or Update Trust Wallet Using the Android APK](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Finstall_update_trustwallet_apk_f0017876a9.png&w=828&q=75)How to Install or Update Trust Wallet Using the Android APKGet instructions for how to keep the install or update Trust Wallet mobile app for your Android device using the APK.](/blog/how-to-install-update-trust-wallet-using-the-android-apk)
  * [![How to Migrate Your BEP2 Assets to BEP20](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep20_migration_sunset_4fa8300e92.png&w=828&q=75)How to Migrate Your BEP2 Assets to BEP20Discover how to migrate your BNB Beacon Chain (BEP2) assets to BNB Smart Chain (BEP20) easily using Trust Wallet.](/blog/how-to-migrate-bep2-assets-to-bep20)
  * [![Insights from Our Latest Audit with Salus](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2FSALUS_a04cd0b0c1.png&w=828&q=75)Insights from Our Latest Audit with SalusDiscover the latest insights from Trust Wallet’s security audit conducted by Salus, showcasing our enhanced security measures and commitment to user safety in the evolving digital asset space. Learn how our continuous improvements make Trust Wallet the safest choice for managing your digital assets.](/blog/insights-from-our-latest-audit-with-salus)
  * [![Bitcoin Layer 2s: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbtc_layer2s_explained_3f6a30d5c5.png&w=828&q=75)Bitcoin Layer 2s: ExplainedDiscover Bitcoin Layer 2 solutions. Learn how they boost scalability, security, and efficiency for faster, cheaper transactions.](/blog/bitcoin-layer-2s-explained)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to BRETT: A Meme Coin on Base](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbrett_memecoin_b85ad6ecee.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to BRETT: A Meme Coin on BaseExplore our beginner’s guide to the BRETT token, a meme coin on the Base network.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-brett-memecoin-on-base)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Node AI and the GPU Token](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnode_AI_gpu_token_35720b1128.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to Node AI and the GPU TokenExplore our beginner’s guide to Node AI, a project offering decentralized access to powerful AI and GPU resources.](/blog/node-ai-gpu-token)
  * [![A Beginner's guide to GALA](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGALA_beginners_guide_d28c806fb4.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's guide to GALAExplore our beginner’s guide to GALA, an ERC-20 utility token used in the Gala Games ecosystem.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-gala)
  * [![Propy and the PRO Token: Bringing Real Estate Onchain](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fpropy_real_estate_onchain_9832205e6c.png&w=828&q=75)Propy and the PRO Token: Bringing Real Estate OnchainExplore how Propy is revolutionizing the property industry by bringing real estate onto the blockchain.](/blog/propy-and-the-pro-token-bringing-real-estate-onchain)
  * [![What is Web3? A Beginner's Guide to the Next Evolution of the Internet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_web3_8f1d4376b7.png&w=828&q=75)What is Web3? A Beginner's Guide to the Next Evolution of the InternetExplore Web3: the new Internet era of decentralization, privacy, and user control with blockchain technology.](/blog/what-is-web3)
  * [![Runes Protocol: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Frunes_protocol_explained_4e96f0a468.png&w=828&q=75)Runes Protocol: ExplainedLearn about Runes Protocol. Set to launch in April 2024, Runes Protocol is the latest fungible token standard to launch on the Bitcoin network.](/blog/runes-protocol-explained)
  * [![The Bitcoin Halving: Key Factors to Watch](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_halving_key_factors_d4b0babf68.png&w=828&q=75)The Bitcoin Halving: Key Factors to WatchExplore the impact of the 2024 Bitcoin Halving on miners, market dynamics, and trends. Stay informed and cautious.](/blog/the-bitcoin-halving-key-factors-to-watch)
  * [![SuperVerse and the SUPER Token: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsuperverse_beginners_guide_76afcc2f75.png&w=828&q=75)SuperVerse and the SUPER Token: ExplainedExplore our beginner's guide to SuperVerse. Navigate the world of SUPER and what it brings to Web3.](/blog/super-verse-and-the-super-token-explained)
  * [![DEGEN Token on Base: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_degen_token_explained_f3ae8eca82.png&w=828&q=75)DEGEN Token on Base: ExplainedExplore the origins of the DEGEN token on the Base blockchain. Learn about its origins and potential use cases.](/blog/degen-token-on-base-explained)
  * [![A Beginner’s Guide to Blur: An NFT Marketplace](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblur_beginners_guide_f438d84c3c.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner’s Guide to Blur: An NFT MarketplaceLearn everything you need to know about Blur, an NFT marketplace for pro traders. Connect to Blur seamlessly through Trust Wallet's browser.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-blur-an-nft-marketplace)
  * [![What is Alt Season?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Falt_season_516097eff9.png&w=828&q=75)What is Alt Season?Discover the meaning of "alt season" in the crypto community and its historical significance in previous cycles. Learn about crypto jargon and Web3 culture.](/blog/what-is-alt-season)
  * [![The Zeus Network: Empowering Apps Between Solana and Bitcoin](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzeus_network_solana_b3c6674646.png&w=828&q=75)The Zeus Network: Empowering Apps Between Solana and BitcoinExplore the Zeus Network and ZEUS token on Solana. Read our beginner's guide for insights on how Zeus Network brings Bitcoin and Solana together.](/blog/the-zeus-network-empowering-apps-between-solana-bitcoin)
  * [![Base Meme Coins](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbase_memecoins_1_21b17e39d5.png&w=828&q=75)Base Meme CoinsDiscover some of the top meme coins on the Base network. Learn about Base network's history and how to manage Base meme coins on Trust Wallet.](/blog/base-meme-coins)
  * [![Introducing MEV Protection: Secure Your Swaps with Trust Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2FMEV_wide_2_9bb56be38f.png&w=828&q=75)Introducing MEV Protection: Secure Your Swaps with Trust WalletDiscover Trust Wallet's MEV Protection: the key to secure and fair crypto transactions. Learn how it protects you from front-running and sandwich attacks, providing an enhanced swapping experience and a better value on your swaps. ](/blog/introducing-mev-protection-secure-your-swaps-with-trust-wallet)
  * [![When Is the Bitcoin Halving?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhen_is_bitcoin_halving_c2ee061c50.png&w=828&q=75)When Is the Bitcoin Halving?Explore the Bitcoin Halving 2024: its impact on mining, price speculation, and the future of crypto. Dive into why this event is pivotal.](/blog/when-is-the-bitcoin-halving)
  * [![BlackRock’s Move Into Asset Tokenization](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblackrock_asset_tokenization_de62fb1823.png&w=828&q=75)BlackRock’s Move Into Asset TokenizationExplore BlackRock's entry into asset tokenization with the BlackRock USD Institutional Digital Liquidity Fund and the BUIDL token.](/blog/blackrock-move-into-asset-tokenization)
  * [![ZK-Rollups: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fzk_rollups_explained_69f19f8efc.png&w=828&q=75)ZK-Rollups: ExplainedUnlock Ethereum's scalability with ZK-Rollups. Learn how this innovative solution optimizes transactions.](/blog/zk-rollups-explained)
  * [![What are Tokenized Real World Assets in Web3?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftokenized_assets_web3_4e0a334a11.png&w=828&q=75)What are Tokenized Real World Assets in Web3?Discover the role of real world assets in Web3. Explore how tangible assets merge with blockchain technology for a decentralized future.](/blog/what-are-tokenized-real-world-assets-in-web3)
  * [![Layer 2 Tokens on Ethereum: A comparison](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Flayer2_tokens_ethereum_6bf4b1058f.png&w=828&q=75)Layer 2 Tokens on Ethereum: A comparisonLearn about some of the most popular Layer 2 tokens on Ethereum. Discover what they are, and how they contribute to the Ethereum ecosystem.](/blog/layer2-tokens-on-ethereum-a-comparison)
  * [![Warpcast vs X \(Twitter\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwarpcast_twitter_c31a723dfa.png&w=828&q=75)Warpcast vs X (Twitter)Explore the differences between Warpcast and X. Learn about their origins and how they both serve Crypto Twitter.](/blog/warpcast-vs-x)
  * [![Beginner's Guide to Injective \(INJ\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeginners_guide_injective_d5adf56765.png&w=828&q=75)Beginner's Guide to Injective (INJ)Discover everything you need to know about Injective (INJ), the fastest layer 1 blockchain shaping the future of finance.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-injective)
  * [![What is Firedancer, and Why is it Important for Solana?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffiredancer_solana_f0a83b0108.png&w=828&q=75)What is Firedancer, and Why is it Important for Solana?Learn how Firedancer enhances Solana's blockchain performance, transaction processing, uptime, and more.](/blog/what-is-firedancer-and-why-is-it-important-for-solana)
  * [![Migrating BEP2 Assets to BEP20 Using the Trust Wallet Mobile App](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep2_bep20_migration_164bf5598f.png&w=828&q=75)Migrating BEP2 Assets to BEP20 Using the Trust Wallet Mobile AppDiscover how to migrate your BNB Beacon Chain (BEP2) assets to BNB Smart Chain (BEP20) easily using the Trust Wallet mobile app.](/blog/migrating-bep2-assets-to-bep20-using-the-trust-wallet-mobile-app)
  * [![BEP2 Migration Incident: Update and Recommended Actions](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbep20_comms_4a23b9e08a.png&w=828&q=75)BEP2 Migration Incident: Update and Recommended ActionsInformation on the resolved BEP2 to BEP20 migration issue in the Trust Wallet browser extension. Details on what happened, the fix, and info for affected users.](/blog/bep2-migration-incident-update-and-recommended-actions)
  * [![What Is the Bitcoin Halving?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_bitcoin_halving_d22b363d3c.png&w=828&q=75)What Is the Bitcoin Halving?Discover everything you need to know about the Bitcoin halving, its effect on the crypto market, and what it could mean for BTC holders.](/blog/what-is-the-bitcoin-halving)
  * [![How High Can the Bitcoin Price Go?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_price_2e5d5709d3.png&w=828&q=75)How High Can the Bitcoin Price Go?Discover the potential of the Bitcoin price post-halving. Explore factors driving its value and predictions for the future.](/blog/how-high-can-the-bitcoin-price-go)
  * [![Watch-Only Wallet Addresses: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwatch_only_wallet_addresses_ed5af4e1f3.png&w=828&q=75)Watch-Only Wallet Addresses: ExplainedDiscover how watch-only wallet addresses work for tracking assets securely without spending. Learn to set them up and avoid watch-wallet scams with our guide.](/blog/watch-only-wallet-addresses-explained)
  * [![NVIDIA’s Connection to AI Cryptocurrencies](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnvidia_ai_crypto_fe87902780.png&w=828&q=75)NVIDIA’s Connection to AI CryptocurrenciesExplore how NVIDIA's technology fuels crypto projects, and how the company's AI advancements are helping shape the narrative around AI crypto coins.](/blog/nvidia-connection-to-ai-cryptocurrencies)
  * [![Solana Meme Coins Vs. Ethereum Meme Coins](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_vs_eth_memecoins_4a01e6bbd6.png&w=828&q=75)Solana Meme Coins Vs. Ethereum Meme CoinsCompare Solana meme coins to Ethereum meme coins in this helpful guide. Gain insights into crypto trends and how to buy meme coins using Trust Wallet.](/blog/solana-memecoins-vs-ethereum-memecoins)
  * [![The Impact of Blobs on Ethereum Layer 2 Fees](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblobs_impact_layer2_fees_d1f08dd475.png&w=828&q=75)The Impact of Blobs on Ethereum Layer 2 FeesDiscover how Ethereum's Dencun upgrade and blobs lower Layer 2 fees, enhance scalability, and propel network efficiency for a better future.](/blog/the-impact-of-blobs-on-ethereum-layer2-fees)
  * [![Bitcoin vs Ethereum](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_vs_ethereum_83c8f3defe.png&w=828&q=75)Bitcoin vs EthereumExplore the differences between Bitcoin and Ethereum, two of the biggest cryptocurrencies. Also discover how to securely buy BTC and ETH using Trust Wallet.](/blog/bitcoin-vs-ethereum)
  * [![What is Ether.fi?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_ethfi_ca1fd64719.png&w=828&q=75)What is Ether.fi?Dive into the world of decentralized finance (DeFi) with an exploration of Ether.fi, a staking protocol on the Ethereum network.](/blog/what-is-etherfi)
  * [![Trust Wallet Adds BRC-20 Token Support](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftw_brc20_support_a5e29d3dd9.png&w=828&q=75)Trust Wallet Adds BRC-20 Token SupportExplore BRC-20 tokens with Trust Wallet: Seamless support for Bitcoin blockchain's latest token standard. Send, receive, and store BRC-20 assets easily.](/blog/trust-wallet-adds-brc20-token-support)
  * [![The BOME Meme Coin: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbome_coin_25e8aead29.png&w=828&q=75)The BOME Meme Coin: ExplainedDiscover everything you need to know about the BOME meme coin. Learn about its origins, how it grew to popularity and how to manage it using Trust Wallet.](/blog/bome-meme-coin-explained)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to AIOZ](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Faioz_beginners_guide_d4349d25fb.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to AIOZExplore AIOZ through our beginner’s guide, where we delve into the fundamentals, tokenomics and how to buy AIOZ using Trust Wallet.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-aioz)
  * [![Solana Token Extensions: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_token_extensions_d212a77295.png&w=828&q=75)Solana Token Extensions: ExplainedLearn about Solana token extensions, and how developers can use them to include more features into their assets.](/blog/solana-token-extensions-explained)
  * [![What is Gamefi?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_gamefi_2557a9c729.png&w=828&q=75)What is Gamefi?Discover the world of GameFi: A fusion of gaming and DeFi. Learn about GameFi versus traditional video games, and how to buy GameFi tokens using Trust Wallet.](/blog/what-is-gamefi)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to BONK](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbonk_beginners_guide_986227ec52.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to BONKExplore our beginner's guide to BONK. Learn about its origins, why it grew to popularity, and how to buy Bonk using Trust Wallet.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-bonk)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to WEN](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwen_beginners_guide_317833f8c1.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to WENExplore the popular meme coin, WEN. Let's take a look at WEN’s origins, it’s airdrop, and the ecosystem it belongs to, Solana.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-wen)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Dogwifhat \(WIF\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fdogwifhat_guide_0754207e2a.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to Dogwifhat (WIF)Explore the Solana-based meme coin, Dogwifhat (WIF). Let's take a look at Dogwifhat's origins, recent price action, and how it stacks up to other meme coins.](/blog/dogwifhat-WIF)
  * [![Top AI Crypto Tokens](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftop_AI_tokens_b29dfeb70c.png&w=828&q=75)Top AI Crypto TokensDiscover some of the top AI crypto tokens in 2024. Learn what they do and how they bring innovation to Web3.](/blog/top-ai-crypto-tokens)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Near Protocol](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnear_protocol_guide_57e623e67e.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to Near ProtocolDive into our beginner's guide to Near Protocol. Explore the blockchain protocol, token use case, and what unique things this protocol brings to the crypto space.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-near-protocol)
  * [![Why Is Crypto Going Up?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhy_crypto_going_up_36e4311053.png&w=828&q=75)Why Is Crypto Going Up?Explore why crypto prices are surging in 2024: ETF approvals, Bitcoin halving, and investor sentiment driving the bull market. Learn more.](/blog/why-is-crypto-going-up)
  * [![Top 5 Meme Coins 2024](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmemecoins_2024_9a8387394f.png&w=828&q=75)Top 5 Meme Coins 2024Join us as we take a look at some of the most popular meme coins making waves in 2024. From old mainstays like DOGE to newcomers like BONK.](/blog/top-5-memecoins-2024)
  * [![Celebrating International Women's Day: Empowering Voices from Trust Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwide_Happy_womens_day_1_0a4d0961dd.png&w=828&q=75)Celebrating International Women's Day: Empowering Voices from Trust WalletTrust Wallet honors International Women's Day by highlighting the impactful contributions and voices of women in tech and crypto](/blog/international-women-s-day-empowering-voices-from-trust-wallet)
  * [![A Beginner's Guide to Magic Eden: Navigating the NFT Marketplace](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmagic_eden_guide_da78bcbcd9.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner's Guide to Magic Eden: Navigating the NFT MarketplaceExplore the vibrant world of NFTs with this beginner's guide to Magic Eden, a leading Solana marketplace for creating, buying, and selling NFTs.](/blog/beginners-guide-to-magic-eden-navigating-the-nft-marketplace)
  * [![The History of Bitcoin Bull Runs](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_bullrun_history_de754c4c9f.png&w=828&q=75)The History of Bitcoin Bull RunsDive into the history of Bitcoin bull runs, from its early days to the unprecedented surge before the 2024 halving.](/blog/the-history-of-bitcoin-bull-runs)
  * [![Trust Wallet vs. Trust Wallet SWIFT](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2FTrust_Walletvs_SWIFT_f60f7bf642.png&w=828&q=75)Trust Wallet vs. Trust Wallet SWIFTDiscover the key differences between Trust Wallet and Trust Wallet SWIFT in this guide. Learn how to choose the best Web3 wallet for your needs.](/blog/trust-wallet-vs-trust-wallet-swift)
  * [![A Beginner’s Guide to Uniswap \(UNI\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_07328d6bc1.png&w=828&q=75)A Beginner’s Guide to Uniswap (UNI)Dive into our beginner's guide to Uniswap. Learn how UNI tokens function, how to buy UNI through Trust Wallet, and much more in this comprehensive overview.](/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-uniswap)
  * [![What Are Passkeys?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2FWhat_Are_Passkeys_8b25eccd87.png&w=828&q=75)What Are Passkeys?Learn how passkeys enhance security for Trust Wallet SWIFT users. Discover how passkeys work and how to recover your wallet using one.](/blog/what-are-passkeys)
  * [![Trust Wallet SWIFT: Understanding Passkeys and Recoverability](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2FBannerpasskeyrecoverability_fc5c371dc9.png&w=828&q=75)Trust Wallet SWIFT: Understanding Passkeys and RecoverabilityLearn to secure and recover your SWIFT wallet with passkeys. Discover where your passkeys are stored, why they’re important, and how to set one up.](/blog/trust-wallet-swift-understanding-passkeys-and-recoverability)
  * [![Proto-Danksharding: Ethereum's Move Toward Scalability](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fproto_danksharding_888a0c1423.png&w=828&q=75)Proto-Danksharding: Ethereum's Move Toward ScalabilityExplore Proto-Danksharding's role in Ethereum's evolution, aiming to slash Layer 2 transaction fees and achieve over 100,000 TPS, preparing for Danksharding.](/blog/proto-danksharding-ethereum-move-toward-scalability)
  * [![Polygon Swaps, ZetaChain Support, Cosmos dApps Support, Trust Wallet SWIFT, and More](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwide_7_6cca4201b9.jpg&w=828&q=75)Polygon Swaps, ZetaChain Support, Cosmos dApps Support, Trust Wallet SWIFT, and MoreDiscover Trust Wallet's latest updates.](/blog/polygon-swaps-zeta-chain-support-cosmos-d-apps-support-trust-wallet-swift-and-more)
  * [![An Introduction to Farcaster and Warpcast](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffarcaster_warpcast_intro_75b876c277.png&w=828&q=75)An Introduction to Farcaster and WarpcastExplore Farcaster & Warpcast: Revolutionize your social media experience with our guide to decentralized networks, ensuring privacy & user control.](/blog/an-introduction-to-farcaster-and-warpcast)
  * [![Introducing Trust Wallet SWIFT: The Easiest Way to Start Exploring Web3](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fintroducing_tw_swift_1f4114058f.png&w=828&q=75)Introducing Trust Wallet SWIFT: The Easiest Way to Start Exploring Web3Discover Trust Wallet SWIFT: The easiest way to start in Web3. Learn how it uses account abstraction to provide a seamless and secure Web3 experience.](/blog/introducing-trust-wallet-swift)
  * [![Setting the Record Straight: 2018 Vulnerability](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2F2018_vulnerability_31cfa4cd8f.png&w=828&q=75)Setting the Record Straight: 2018 VulnerabilitySetting the record straight on a previously disclosed vulnerability. Facts on our prompt fix and dedication to protecting users.](/blog/setting-the-record-straight-2018-vulnerability)
  * [![EigenLayer and Restaking: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Feigenlayer_restaking_explained_aedb0e7b74.png&w=828&q=75)EigenLayer and Restaking: ExplainedExplore EigenLayer and restaking: A transformative approach enhancing blockchain efficiency, security, and creating new rewards for stakers.](/blog/eigenlayer-and-restaking-explained)
  * [![SUI Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, Functionality](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsui_wallet_comparison_guide_12f54a6107.png&w=828&q=75)SUI Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, FunctionalityCompare top SUI wallets including Trust Wallet, Bitget, OKX, Suiet, and Ledger for features, costs, security, and functionality in the Sui ecosystem.](/blog/sui-wallet-comparison-features-costs-functionality)
  * [![Exploring ERC404: A Hybrid Token Standard Built On Ethereum](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fexploring_erc404_8b50e0fa10.png&w=828&q=75)Exploring ERC404: A Hybrid Token Standard Built On EthereumDive into the innovative world of ERC404, a hybrid token standard merging ERC20 and ERC721 tokens on Ethereum. Learn how it works, including the risks for users and opportunities for Ethereum.](/blog/erc-404)
  * [![Bitcoin Halving April 2024: What to Expect](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2F2024_bitcoin_halving_0ff42cd47a.png&w=828&q=75)Bitcoin Halving April 2024: What to ExpectIn this article, you will learn about the upcoming Bitcoin Halving in April 2024. Gain an understanding of its history, impact on the supply, and potential effects on the cryptocurrency market.](/blog/bitcoin-halving-april-2024)
  * [![Ethereum Name Service \(ENS\): A Beginner’s Guide](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_name_services_6f157bdf8d.png&w=828&q=75)Ethereum Name Service (ENS): A Beginner’s GuideUnlock the power of Ethereum with ENS (Ethereum Name Service), making crypto transactions easier and safer with user-friendly domain names. Learn how in this beginner’s guide.](/blog/ethereum-name-service-beginners-guide)
  * [![Trust Wallet Officially Becomes ISO Certified](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fiso_certification_trust_525d77192b.png&w=828&q=75)Trust Wallet Officially Becomes ISO CertifiedDiscover Trust Wallet's commitment to security and privacy with our official ISO 27001 and 27701 certifications. Learn about our commitment to safety and security.](/blog/trust-wallet-officially-iso-certified)
  * [![Maximize Solana DeFi with Jupiter and Trust Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_jupiter_trustwallet_74c2a51d04.png&w=828&q=75)Maximize Solana DeFi with Jupiter and Trust WalletExplore Solana's DeFi ecosystem using Jupiter and Trust Wallet. Discover secure swapping, limit orders, and DCA strategies for enhanced asset management.](/blog/maximize-solana-defi-with-jupiter-trust-wallet)
  * [![Solana Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, Functionality](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fsolana_wallet_comparison_52c92ea68c.png&w=828&q=75)Solana Wallet Comparison: Features, Costs, FunctionalityCompare Solana wallets for features, costs, and security. Find the best SOL wallet for your crypto needs in this in-depth guide.](/blog/solana-wallet-comparison)
  * [![Trust Wallet x Symbiosis: $50,000 in SIS & USDC Cross-Chain Swap Giveaway](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftrust_wallet_symbiosis_33f86c1c5a.png&w=828&q=75)Trust Wallet x Symbiosis: $50,000 in SIS & USDC Cross-Chain Swap GiveawayJoin us in celebrating our collaboration with Symbiosis! We're excited to launch an exciting giveaway with a $50,000 in $USDC and $SIS prize pool to reward our users who explore cross-chain swaps using Symbiosis. There’s more than 850 chances to win and three ways to participate! Read on to find how you can enter.](/blog/trust-wallet-symbiosis-crosschain-swap-giveaway)
  * [![Jupiter \(JUP\) Airdrop – Everything You Need to Know](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fjupiter_airdrop_ec63820bd1.png&w=828&q=75)Jupiter (JUP) Airdrop – Everything You Need to KnowDiscover how to get the Jupiter (JUP) airdrop in this comprehensive guide. Discover how to check if your eligible, the claiming process, and the benefits of using Trust Wallet.](/blog/jupiter-airdrop)
  * [![Choosing the Right Solana Wallet: A Beginner's Guide](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fchoosing_solana_wallet_a697e09317.png&w=828&q=75)Choosing the Right Solana Wallet: A Beginner's GuideDiscover how to choose the right Solana wallet for managing SOL and SPL tokens like BONK, JUP, JTO, and more, with a focus on security, usability, and integration in the Solana ecosystem.](/blog/choosing-the-right-solana-wallet)
  * [![How to Get WEN Using Trust Wallet](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fhow_to_get_WEN_using_trust_wallet_f3527f9bdf.png&w=828&q=75)How to Get WEN Using Trust WalletDiscover how to swap your crypto for WEN on Solana blockchain using Trust Wallet with this easy, step-by-step guide.](/blog/how-to-get-wen-using-trust-wallet)

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

