Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Smart contract libraries

a

Last edit: [@aquariuslt(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/aquariuslt),
April 29, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * What's in a library
    * Behaviors
    * Standards
  * How to add a library
  * When to use
  * Related tools
  * Related tutorials
  * Further reading

You don't need to write every smart contract in your project from scratch.
There are many open source smart contract libraries available that provide
reusable building blocks for your project that can save you from having to
reinvent the wheel.

## Prerequisites

Before jumping into smart contract libraries, it's a good idea to have a nice
understanding of the structure of a smart contract. Head over to [smart
contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/) if you haven't
done so yet.

## What's in a library

You can usually find two kinds of building blocks in smart contract libraries:
reusable behaviors you can add to your contracts, and implementations of
various standards.

### Behaviors

When writing smart contracts, there is a good chance you'll find yourself
writing similar patterns over and over, like assigning an _admin_ address to
carry out protected operations in a contract, or adding an emergency _pause_
button in the event of an unexpected issue.

Smart contract libraries usually provide reusable implementations of these
behaviors as [libraries(opens in a new
tab)](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.2/contracts.html#libraries) or
via [inheritance(opens in a new
tab)](https://solidity.readthedocs.io/en/v0.7.2/contracts.html#inheritance) in
Solidity.

As an example, following is a simplified version of the [`Ownable`
contract(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-
contracts/blob/v3.2.0/contracts/access/Ownable.sol) from the [OpenZeppelin
Contracts library(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts), which
designates an address as the owner of a contract, and provides a modifier for
restricting access to a method only to that owner.

    
    
    1contract Ownable {
    
    2    address public owner;
    
    3
    
    4    constructor() internal {
    
    5        owner = msg.sender;
    
    6    }
    
    7
    
    8    modifier onlyOwner() {
    
    9        require(owner == msg.sender, "Ownable: caller is not the owner");
    
    10        _;
    
    11    }
    
    12}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

To use a building block like this in your contract, you would need to first
import it, and then extend from it in your own contracts. This will allow you
to use the modifier provided by the base `Ownable` contract to secure your own
functions.

    
    
    1import ".../Ownable.sol"; // Path to the imported library
    
    2
    
    3contract MyContract is Ownable {
    
    4    // The following function can only be called by the owner
    
    5    function secured() onlyOwner public {
    
    6        msg.sender.transfer(1 ether);
    
    7    }
    
    8}
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Another popular example is [SafeMath(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/3.x/utilities#math) or
[DsMath(opens in a new
tab)](https://dappsys.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ds_math.html). These are
libraries (as opposed to base contracts) that provide arithmetic functions
with overflow checks, which are not provided by the language. It's a good
practice to use either of these libraries instead of native arithmetic
operations to guard your contract against overflows, which can have disastrous
consequences!

### Standards

To facilitate [composability and interoperability](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/composability/), the Ethereum community has defined several
standards in the form of **ERCs**. You can read more about them in the
[standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/) section.

When including an ERC as part of your contracts, it's a good idea to look for
standard implementations rather than trying to roll out your own. Many smart
contract libraries include implementations for the most popular ERCs. For
example, the ubiquitous [ERC20 fungible token
standard](/en/developers/tutorials/understand-the-erc-20-token-smart-
contract/) can be found in [HQ20(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/HQ20/contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/README.md),
[DappSys(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/dapphub/ds-token/) and
[OpenZeppelin(opens in a new
tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/3.x/erc20). Additionally, some
ERCs also provide canonical implementations as part of the ERC itself.

It's worth mentioning that some ERCs are not standalone, but are additions to
other ERCs. For example, [ERC2612(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-2612) adds an extension to ERC20 for
improving its usability.

## How to add a library

Always refer to the documentation of the library you are including for
specific instructions on how to include it in your project. Several Solidity
contract libraries are packaged using `npm`, so you can just `npm install`
them. Most tools for [compiling](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/compiling/) contracts will look into your `node_modules` for smart
contract libraries, so you can do the following:

    
    
    1// This will load the @openzeppelin/contracts library from your node_modules
    
    2import "@openzeppelin/contracts/token/ERC721/ERC721.sol";
    
    3
    
    4contract MyNFT is ERC721 {
    
    5    constructor() ERC721("MyNFT", "MNFT") public { }
    
    6}
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Regardless of the method you use, when including a library, always keep an eye
on the [language](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/) version. For
instance, you cannot use a library for Solidity 0.6 if you are writing your
contracts in Solidity 0.5.

## When to use

Using a smart contract library for your project has several benefits. First
and foremost, it saves you time by providing you with ready-to-use building
blocks you can include in your system, rather than having to code them
yourself.

Security is also a major plus. Open source smart contract libraries are also
often heavily scrutinized. Given many projects depend on them, there is a
strong incentive by the community to keep them under constant review. It's
much more common to find errors in application code than in reusable contract
libraries. Some libraries also undergo [external audits(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-
contracts/tree/master/audits) for additional security.

However, using smart contract libraries carry the risk of including code you
are not familiar with into your project. It's tempting to import a contract
and include it directly into your project, but without a good understanding of
what that contract does, you may be inadvertently introducing an issue in your
system due to an unexpected behavior. Always make sure to read the
documentation of the code you are importing, and then review the code itself
before making it a part of your project!

Last, when deciding on whether to include a library, consider its overall
usage. A widely-adopted one has the benefits of having a larger community and
more eyes looking into it for issues. Security should be your primary focus
when building with smart contracts!

## Related tools

**OpenZeppelin Contracts -** **_Most popular library for secure smart contract
development._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts)
  * [Community Forum(opens in a new tab)](https://forum.openzeppelin.com/c/general/16)

**DappSys -** **_Safe, simple, flexible building-blocks for smart-
contracts._**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://dappsys.readthedocs.io/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/dapphub/dappsys)

**HQ20 -** **_A Solidity project with contracts, libraries and examples to
help you build fully-featured distributed applications for the real world._**

  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/HQ20/contracts)

**thirdweb Solidity SDK -** **_Provides the tools needed to build custom smart
contracts efficiently_**

  * [Documentation(opens in a new tab)](https://portal.thirdweb.com/solidity/)
  * [GitHub(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/thirdweb-dev/contracts)

## Related tutorials

  * [Security considerations for Ethereum developers](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/) _â€“ A tutorial on security considerations when building smart contracts, including library usage._
  * [Understand the ERC-20 token smart contract](/en/developers/tutorials/understand-the-erc-20-token-smart-contract/) _-Tutorial on the ERC20 standard, provided by multiple libraries._

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * What's in a library
      * Behaviors
      * Standards
    * How to add a library
    * When to use
    * Related tools
    * Related tutorials
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

