[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vYmluYW5jZS1mYW4tY2x1Yi1oZWxwcy11bmxlYXNoLWlubmVyLXJhY2Vycy1hbHBpbmUtZjEtdGVhbS1kcml2aW5nLWV4cGVyaWVuY2UtODM4MzE1NDQ5NzUyNzEwNDkxNj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vYmluYW5jZS1mYW4tY2x1Yi1oZWxwcy11bmxlYXNoLWlubmVyLXJhY2Vycy1hbHBpbmUtZjEtdGVhbS1kcml2aW5nLWV4cGVyaWVuY2UtODM4MzE1NDQ5NzUyNzEwNDkxNj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Fan Club Helps Unleash Inner Racers: Alpine F1 Team Driving
Experience

2023-07-18

## Main Takeaways

  * On June 22, some lucky Alpine F1 fans attended an on-track car driving experience.

  * Participants drove some of the coolest cars in the evening.

  * The driving experience is one of the exclusive Binance Fan Club perks fans can redeem. Find out more about Fan Club and how to join.

_Formula 3000. Palmer JP-LM. Caterham 7. Be very jealous of some lucky Alpine
fans who took these iconic Formula One cars for a spin, thanks to Binance Fan
Club._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230718/3abedfed-a171-4b64-8016-bb14c8e129e8)

On June 22, lucky Formula 1 fans had a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to live,
and drive, like an Alpine F1 team racer. Thanks to Binance Fan Club,
participants were transported to the pinnacle of speed and engineering during
the Alpine F1 Team Driving Experience.

## Alpine F1 Team Driving Experience

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230718/47cb63cf-
da58-48af-99a0-7eaba6878007)

Upon arrival at the track, the experience kicked off with a welcome briefing
and introduction. After a tour of the racing facility, our drivers met with
their instructors for the day. Under their supervision, the drivers sped off
and competed for the best timings, with the action-packed evening ending with
trophies for the winners.

All drivers who left a blazing trail at the car circuit also received footage
of them behind the wheels of the F3000 single-seater – a memento to remind
them of the once-in-a-lifetime experience.

The Binance users at the Alpine F1 Team Driving experience were able to live
out their driving dreams thanks to the rewards from the Binance Fan Club.

## Binance Fan Club

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230718/a3b2ea1f-2ad3-4f2a-90f1-d3c3ac4d0578)

The [_Binance Fan Club_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/your-
binance-fan-club-experience-just-got-even-better-4953707123501200390) is an
innovative rewards redemption system integrated into the [_Binance Fan
Token_](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club&registerChannel=BFC)
platform. Earn Star Points by engaging in straightforward activities, such as
learning about Fan Tokens or participating in related events like Voting
Polls. Accumulating more Star Points will elevate your level, unlocking access
to increasingly attractive rewards.

Apart from driving experiences, fans stand a chance to redeem match tickets,
Meet & Greet with star players, and other exclusive offline experiences. Learn
more about the Star Point System and how to unlock all four tiers of exclusive
rewards in our [_How to Join Binance Fan Club on Binance Fan
Token_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-join-binance-fan-club-
on-binance-fan-token-9dc1bd181b0d44a285f564bb50b0191a) FAQ.

## Start Collecting Star Points

Binance Fan Token releases new rewards every month, exclusive to Binance
users. Want to get your hands on once-in-a-lifetime experiences like this?
Register for a Binance account and start accumulating Star Points for
exclusive rewards!

## Further Reading

  * [ _Your Binance Fan Club Experience Just Got Even Better_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/your-binance-fan-club-experience-just-got-even-better-4953707123501200390)

  * [ _How to Join Binance Fan Club on Binance Fan Token_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-join-binance-fan-club-on-binance-fan-token-9dc1bd181b0d44a285f564bb50b0191a)

  * [ _Introducing Binance Fan Club: Interact With Your Favorite Team Like Never Before_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/introducing-binance-fan-club-interact-with-your-favorite-team-like-never-before-3865172133740238519)

**Disclaimer** :_The information mentioned here should not be construed as
investment or financial advice. Please do your own research. Fan Tokens are
not regulated in most countries, however, please ensure you are permitted to
access our Binance Fan Token Platform based on your circumstances. For further
details, see the Binance Fan Token Terms, our Terms of Use, and Risk Warning._

195,036,432 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Fan Club Helps Unleash Inner Racers: Alpine F1 Team Driving Experience

Main Takeaways

Alpine F1 Team Driving Experience

Binance Fan Club

Start Collecting Star Points

Further Reading

195,036,432 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

