[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZXMtY2VvLXJpY2hhcmQtdGVuZy1hbmQtY2hpZWYtcHJvc2VjdXRvci1vZi10YWl3YW5zLWhpZ2gtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtb2ZmaWNlLWRpc2N1c3MtY29vcGVyYXRpb24taW4tY29tYmF0aW5nLWNyaW1lLTIzMDY4ODEyODIxODA2MjU1MzQ%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZXMtY2VvLXJpY2hhcmQtdGVuZy1hbmQtY2hpZWYtcHJvc2VjdXRvci1vZi10YWl3YW5zLWhpZ2gtcHJvc2VjdXRvcnMtb2ZmaWNlLWRpc2N1c3MtY29vcGVyYXRpb24taW4tY29tYmF0aW5nLWNyaW1lLTIzMDY4ODEyODIxODA2MjU1MzQ%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance's CEO Richard Teng and Chief Prosecutor of Taiwan’s High Prosecutors
Office Discuss Cooperation in Combating Crime

2024-03-25

## **Key Takeaways**

  * On March 22 Binance CEO Richard Teng led a Binance delegation that met with Chief Prosecutor Chang, Tou-Hui of Taiwan's High Prosecutor's Office. The Binance team and the Chief Prosecutor exchanged views on crime prevention in the digital-asset space and discussed expanding the scope of collaboration in this field.

  * Binance and Taiwan law enforcement already have a strong record of productive cooperation. As part of its global law enforcement training program, Binance has delivered training courses to more than 10 different units across Taiwan so far, with more than 1,000 law enforcement officers participating, to an overwhelmingly positive feedback.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240325/f252fc39-d705-453e-8815-bab7f50a8f5e)

Binance CEO Richard Teng and members of Binance's global team recently visited
the Taiwan High Prosecutor's Office and met with Chief Prosecutor Chang, Tou-
Hui to engage in in-depth discussions on the prevention of crime related to
virtual assets. Binance representatives and Taiwanese officials explored ways
to further deepen cooperation in combating illegal activities in order to
maintain the safety of the financial environment.

Chief Prosecutor Chang, Tou-Hui commented, “We appreciate Binance’s long-term
support and assistance to Taiwan's law enforcement agencies, especially
through a series of educational training programs to help prosecutors from
Taiwan High Prosecutor Office and local prosecutors office understand virtual
assets more comprehensively, and how to cope with the challenges brought by
this emerging technology. By strengthening the cooperation between law
enforcement agencies and the industry players, we look forward to establishing
a closer joint defense mechanism to achieve the goal of safeguarding public
safety and combating crime.”

Richard Teng, CEO of Binance, recalled making three commitments when he took
the top job, one of which was to continuously work with regulators. He
continued: “Our cooperation with Taiwan law enforcement agencies is one of the
concrete actions to fulfill this commitment, and we appreciate the strong
support from the High Prosecutor Office of Taiwan.”

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240325/4bbff3cf-5f70-4980-81ca-d04a3f519926)

Binance’s CEO Richard Teng met with Chief Prosecutor Chang, Tou-Hui of
Taiwan's High Prosecutor's Office

## A Public-Private Partnership Against Cybercrime

According to Damien Ho, a member of Binance's APAC regional team, Binance
recognizes the crucial role of collaboration between the public and private
sectors in preventing and combating illegal activities in Web3. Therefore, in
addition to actively conducting training courses for law enforcement agencies,
we also actively respond to law enforcement requests and share intelligence.
Ho added: “In the future, we look forward to further deepening cooperation
with Taiwan law enforcement agencies and hence setting a new paradigm of
public-private cooperation for the industry."

As part of [_Binance's global law enforcement training
program_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/amid-growing-demand-binance-
boosts-its-global-law-enforcement-training-program-4745079635127044663) ,
Binance has announced its [_training roadshow in
Taiwan_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binance-expands-its-law-
enforcement-training-program-in-taiwan-4663257123338665963) last year, and has
conducted training courses with over 10 different units in Taiwan so far,
including the Taiwan High Prosecutors Office, local prosecutors' offices, and
criminal investigation bureaus, with over a thousand law enforcement officers
participating and many sharing positive feedback on their experience. Despite
the small share of virtual assets-related crime in overall financial crimes,
Binance will continue to make contributions to safeguard user assets and build
a safer and more trustworthy virtual assets ecosystem.

## **Further Reading**

  * [ _Binance Collaborates With Taiwan's New Taipei District Prosecutors Office To Enhance Crime Fighters’ Investigative Skills_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-collaborates-with-taiwans-new-taipei-district-prosecutors-office-to-enhance-crime-fighters-investigative-skills-4589112633941582283)

  * [ _Binance Partners With Taiwan Law Enforcement Agencies to Fight Cybercrime_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-partners-with-taiwan-law-enforcement-agencies-to-fight-cybercrime-7928081762268486180)

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: How Binance Helps Tackle Crime On - and Offline_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-how-binance-helps-tackle-crime-on--and-offline-7072508369250665645)

194,980,918 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance's CEO Richard Teng and Chief Prosecutor of Taiwan’s High Prosecutors
Office Discuss Cooperation in Combating Crime

Key Takeaways

A Public-Private Partnership Against Cybercrime

Further Reading

194,980,918 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

