Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# The Portal Network

p

Last edit: [@pettinarip(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/pettinarip),
October 24, 2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Why do we need the Portal Network
  * How does the Portal Network work?
  * Client diversity by default
  * Further reading

Ethereum is a network made up of computers that run Ethereum client software.
Each of these computers is called a 'node'. The client software allows a node
to send and receive data on the Ethereum network, and verifies data against
the Ethereum protocol rules. Nodes keep a lot of historical data in their disk
storage and add to it when they receive new packets of information, known as
blocks, from other nodes on the network. This is necessary for always checking
that a node has information consistent with the rest of the network. This
means running a node can require a lot of disk space. Some node operations can
require a lot of RAM too.

To get around this disk storage problem, 'light' nodes have been developed
that request information from full nodes instead of storing it all themselves.
However, this means the light node is not independently verifying the
information and is trusting another node instead. It also means that full
nodes are required to take on extra work to serve those light nodes.

The Portal Network is a new networking design for Ethereum that aims to solve
the data availability problem for "light" nodes without having to trust or put
extra strain on full nodes, by sharing the necessary data in small chunks
across the network.

More on [nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

## Why do we need the Portal Network

Ethereum nodes store their own full or partial copy of the Ethereum
blockchain. This local copy is used to validate transactions and ensure the
node is following the correct chain. This locally stored data allows nodes to
independently verify that incoming data is valid and correct without needing
to trust any other entity.

This local copy of the blockchain and associated state and receipt data takes
up a lot of space on the node's hard disk. For example, a 2TB hard disk is
recommended for running a node using [Geth(opens in a new
tab)](https://geth.ethereum.org) paired to a consensus client. Using snap
sync, which only stores chain data from a relatively recent set of blocks,
Geth typically occupies about 650GB of disk space but grows at around
14GB/week (you can prune the node back down to 650GB periodically).

This means running nodes can be expensive, because a large amount of disk
space has to be dedicated to Ethereum. There are several solutions to this
problem on the Ethereum roadmap, including [history
expiry](/en/roadmap/statelessness/#history-expiry), [state
expiry](/en/roadmap/statelessness/#state-expiry) and
[statelessness](/en/roadmap/statelessness/). However, these are likely several
years away from being implemented. There are also [light
nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/) that do not save
their own copy of the chain data, they request the data they need from full
nodes. However, this means light nodes have to trust full nodes to provide
honest data and also stresses the full nodes that have to serve the data the
light nodes need.

The Portal Network aims to provide an alternative way for light nodes to get
their data that does not require trusting or adding significantly to the work
that has to be done by full nodes. The way this will be done is to introduce a
new way for Ethereum nodes to share data across the network.

## How does the Portal Network work?

Ethereum nodes have strict protocols that define how they communicate with
each other. Execution clients communicate using a set of subprotocols known as
[DevP2P](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/#devp2p), while consensus
clients use a different stack of subprotocols called
[libP2P](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/#libp2p). These define the types
of data that can be passed between nodes.

[![devP2P and
libP2P](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fnetworking-
layer%2Fportal-network%2Fportal-network-
devp2p-libp2p.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/networking-
layer/portal-network/portal-network-devp2p-libp2p.png)

Nodes can also serve specific data through the [JSON-RPC
API](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/), which is how apps and wallets swap
information with Ethereum nodes. However, none of these are ideal protocols
for serving data to light clients.

Light clients can't currently request specific pieces of chain data over
DevP2P or libP2p because those protocols are only designed to enable chain
synchronization and gossiping of blocks and transactions. Light clients do not
want to download this information because that would stop them from being
"light".

The JSON-RPC API is not an ideal choice for light client data requests either,
because it relies upon a connection to a specific full node or centralized RPC
provider that can serve the data. This means the light client has to trust
that specific node/provider to be honest, and also the full node might have to
handle lots of requests from many light clients, adding to their bandwidth
requirements.

The point of the Portal Network is to rethink the whole design, building
specifically for lightness, outside of the design constraints of the existing
Ethereum clients.

The core idea of the Portal Network is to take the best bits of the current
networking stack by enabling information needed by light clients, such as
historical data and the identity of the current head of the chain to be served
through a lightweight DevP2P style peer-to-peer decentralized network using a
[DHT(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Distributed_hash_table) (similar to
Bittorrent).

The idea is to add small parts of the total historical Ethereum data and some
specific node responsibilities to each node. Then, requests are served by
seeking out the nodes storing the specific data that was requested and
retrieving it from them.

This inverts the normal model of light nodes finding a single node and
requesting them to filter and serve large volumes of data; instead, they
quickly filter a large network of nodes that each handle small amounts of
data.

The goal is to allow a decentralized network of lightweight Portal clients to:

  * track the head of the chain
  * sync recent and historical chain data
  * retrieve state data
  * broadcast transactions
  * execute transactions using the [EVM](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

The benefits of this network design are:

  * reduce dependence on centralized providers
  * Reduce Internet bandwidth usage
  * Minimized or zero syncing
  * Accessible to resource-constrained devices (<1GB ram, <100mB disk, 1CPU)

The diagram below shows the functions of existing clients that can be
delivered by the Portal Network, enabling users to access these functions on
very low-resource devices.

[![portal network
table](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fdevelopers%2Fdocs%2Fnetworking-
layer%2Fportal-network%2Fportal-network-
table2.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-
network/portal-network-table2.png)

## Client diversity by default

The Portal Network developers also made the design choice to build three
separate Portal Network clients from day one.

The Portal Network clients are:

  * [Trin(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/trin): written in Rust
  * [Fluffy(opens in a new tab)](https://nimbus.team/docs/fluffy.html): written in Nim
  * [Ultralight(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereumjs/ultralight): written in Typescript

Having multiple independent client implementations enhances the resilience and
decentralization of the Ethereum network.

If one client experiences issues or vulnerabilities, other clients can
continue to operate smoothly, preventing a single point of failure.
Additionally, diverse client implementations foster innovation and
competition, driving improvements and reducing monoculture risk within the
ecosystem.

## Further reading

  * [The Portal Network (Piper Merriam at Devcon Bogota)(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0stc9jnQLXA).
  * [The Portal Network discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/CFFnmE7Hbs)
  * [The Portal Network website(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ethportal.net/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Why do we need the Portal Network
    * How does the Portal Network work?
    * Client diversity by default
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

