[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Wallet

Connect

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

  * 00[Parallel Basics](/faq)
  * 01[Gameplay](/faq/gameplay)
  * 02[Artigraph Cards](/faq/artigraph)
  * 03[Payload](/faq/payload)
  * 04[Comic](/faq/comic)
  * 05[Comic Manifest](/faq/comic-manifest)
  * 06[Terminals](/faq/terminals)
  * 07[Avatars](/faq/avatars)
  * 08[Beta](/faq/beta)
  * 09[Echos](/faq/echos)
  * 10[Planetfall](/faq/planetfall)

Select FAQ page to view

# FAQs

## Parallel Basics

What is Parallel?

Parallel is a Sci-Fi Franchise and Trading Card Game (TCG) empowering
collectors to truly own their cards and other game items. The cards can be
used to build a deck and play in an online PC game which is currently in Beta.

What are the five Parallels?

A Parallel is one of the five streams of evolution that humans have undergone
simultaneously. They are Augencore, Earthen, Kathari, Marcolian, and The
Shroud. Each provides a specific playstyle within the TCG.

When will the game be released?

The game is currently in Open Beta. Download the latest version for free
[here](https://parallel.life/download).

What do you need to play Parallel?

You will need at least one complete deck of a Parallel Faction. A deck
consists of 40 cards from a single Parallel, plus Universal cards. Universal
cards do not belong to any Parallel and may be used in all decks. Each deck is
limited to three copies of a card, except in the case of Legendary cards which
are limited to one copy. This limitation applies to both the deck's Parallel-
specific cards and Universal cards.

Decks can be composed from a mix of account-bound cards earned in-game, known
as Apparitions, and tradable digitable collectables. You can create multiple
decks and are not limited to a single Parallel.

What does Parallel have to do with Digital Collectibles?

Each card is original 3D art of a character or object rendered by our staff
artist and represented by a Digital Collectible (ERC-1155) on the Ethereum
network. You do not need Digital Collectibles to play Parallel TCG. Owning the
Digital Collectible version of the cards gives you the opportunity to earn
PRIME. It may also be used to provide you different experiences outside of the
Parallel TCG game. The purchase of this digital collectable is subject to our
[terms of service](/terms-of-use).

How were Parallel Digital Collectibles released?

Parallel Cards were released in Pack Drops. Our Final Pack Drop occurred on
January 14th, 2023 thus completing the Parallel Base Set. Our next release
will be our expansion, Planetfall, coming in Q1 2024.

Can Parallel print more cards and affect the rarity of my cards?

Each Parallel card is unique to its edition size and that version's supply
cannot be increased. Future expansion sets won't affect the scarcity of sets
previously released, though may contain modified versions of earlier cards.

Will the cards contain their in-game stats/attributes?

Character/affect attributes will not be directly on the cards for in-game
balancing purposes.

Do I need a Web3 wallet to participate in Parallel?

The game is Free to Play. It does not require a web3 wallet.

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

  1. Cookie Policy

We use and store cookies to improve your browsing experience, analyze usage
and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline to refuse non essential
cookies.

[Cookie Policy](/privacy-policy).

Accept All

Decline

Notification Cookie PolicyWe use and store cookies to improve your browsing
experience, analyze usage and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline
to refuse non essential cookies. Cookie Policy.Accept All
Cookies![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=872b303e-1aaa-4a4d-9b5e-d69b80980a42&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c9185253-726b-4489-b2fe-489c291a2db2&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Ffaq&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=872b303e-1aaa-4a4d-9b5e-d69b80980a42&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c9185253-726b-4489-b2fe-489c291a2db2&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Ffaq&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

