[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/crypto/como-segregar-seus-criptoativos)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/crypto/como-segregar-seus-criptoativos)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * How to Segregate Your Crypto Assets

# How to Segregate Your Crypto Assets

By **Ledger**

Aug 16, 2022 | **Updated May 29, 2023**

__Read 5 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-
crypto-assets
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20to%20Segregate%20Your%20Crypto%20Assets&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-
crypto-assets "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-crypto-assets
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-
crypto-assets&title=How%20to%20Segregate%20Your%20Crypto%20Assets "Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/06_Crypto_Cover_Main-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Keeping your private keys offline is the security baseline for crypto – but
that doesn’t protect you from every risk.  
  
— When you sign certain transactions, you let the smart contract interact with
everything in that account – this means if you make a mistake, all of those
assets are at risk.  
  
— Mistakes happen, and it’s up to you to ensure your losses are mitigated if
you fall foul of a scam.  
  
— The only way to mitigate your risk is to segregate assets into three
accounts with three different purposes; for minting, selling and vaulting your
assets.  
  
_Crypto asset segregation is an essential part of your crypto management
strategy._ _Here is how it works with your Ledger device._

You all know the drill – keeping your crypto safe means [keeping your private
keys offline](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-the-trust-zone/why-an-
offline-key-is-the-only-key)!

But not all threats to your crypto rely on hacking. In fact, increasingly,
crypto is stolen by exploiting another vulnerability – _you._

## Asset Segregation: Your Responsibility

Keeping your private keys offline and avoiding all risks is sort of like
hiding inside your house and locking the door. Sure, you’ll be completely
secure, but you’ll also be cut off from all interaction with the outside
world. Interaction is the whole point, right?

The fact is, sometimes you need to open the door.

Web3 is built on smart contracts, and when exploring dApps and DeFi, what
we’re really doing is giving their smart contracts permission to interact with
the contents of our wallet, sort of like inviting them into our house. Your
key is still offline, but you’re permitting a given platform to have some
level of access to your assets.

In this situation, the gatekeeper is no longer the wallet itself, but the
person opening the door – you. This sounds like an easy question – just don’t
let any bad guys in, right? But, as with most things in life, it’s more
complicated than that.

## Crypto Scams: The Little Red Riding Hood Approach

In Web3, you’ll encounter [smart
contract](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-contract)
transactions, messages, and pop-ups on a very regular basis. You’ll see them
in all sorts of contexts: from listing your assets on [NFT
marketplaces](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-stay-safe-on-nft-
marketplaces) to interacting with DeFi liquidity pools, and even simply
confirming you’re the owner of a given wallet, as you register for an [allow
list](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-an-allow-
list#:~:text=%E2%80%94%20An%20allow%20list%20is%20a,and%20never%20sign%20any%20transactions!).

Web3 UX is still unfamiliar to many people (plus the space is more or less
unregulated). Meaning it’s easy to miss telltale signs of a malicious smart
contract scam. A great example of this in July with the now famous [PreMint
scam](https://nftnewstoday.com/2022/07/20/premint-hacked-over-300-nfts-stolen-
and-sold-for-400k/): here, thousands of people were duped into losing their
NFTs and crypto because they signed a well-disguised, malicious transaction,
which gave the scammer access to everything in their wallets.

With more Web3 degens opting to keep their private keys offline. Scams like
this are becoming more common. As scammers need to find creative ways to get
you to open the door to your wallet. This is why it’s so vitally important to
organize your crypto in a way that mitigates your losses. If you do fall
victim to this type of scam.

So how might this look in real life?

## Crypto Asset Segregation: An Example

Larry, an experienced Web3 enthusiast, is using a [hardware
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/why-you-should-choose-
ledger-hardware-wallets), knowing it’s best to keep his keys offline. Today,
he’s busy registering for an upcoming mint and is interacting with the
registration site to be in with a chance of getting onto the allow list for
his favorite project.

What Larry doesn’t know is that a scammer has managed to hack the minting
registration site, creating a “pop-up” that appears to be an innocent part of
the sign-up process. It seems normal, so Larry signs the pop-up.

Big mistake – in reality, doing this gives the scammer access to the entire
contents of Larry’s wallet, and there is no way of reversing it. It’s an
innocent mistake that could happen to anyone. But in the world of Web3, this
type of scenario is something all of us need to anticipate.

The ending of this story really depends on how Larry organized his assets when
he first set up his wallet. This mistake could mean a HUGE loss, or it could
be a small, controlled one.

_So what’s in Larry’s wallet?_

Unfortunately for Larry, he had been keeping all of his NFTs in the same
wallet he used to sign this transaction. Like many degens, this little mistake
cost him dearly, as all of those NFTs can now be spirited out of the wallet by
the scammer – Larry opened the door, after all.

But this didn’t need to be the case. In an ideal version of this scenario,
losses from this type of mistake would be minimal. By segregating your crypto
assets, you can insure yourself and your collection against this type of
mistake.

## How To Segregate Crypto Assets

To segregate your crypto assets in the most secure way possible, it’s
recommended to have three separate accounts for three distinct occasions. A
minting account, a selling account, and a vault account. This system means
that even if you sign a malicious transaction with your mint account, your
sell and vault accounts, and everything in them, remain secure. Since they
each have a different role, it’s important to distinguish one account from the
other. Luckily, you can have all 3 accounts on your ledger device and label
each of them clearly on the [Ledger Live
App](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-bit-of-it/ledger-
live-the-one-stop-shop-for-your-crypto).

So, let’s explore the role each of these accounts has and why.

### A Mint Account

Your Mint account’s address should never contain too much value. A good rule
of thumb is less than 0.1ETH. Then, if you must interact with untrustworthy
sites or unaudited smart contracts, and something goes horribly wrong, you
never lose too much.

This account is perfect for minting new NFTs or trying out new platforms,
however, it’s important not to keep any valuable asset at this address or you
risk a malicious smart contract draining your funds.

Some people who trade on untrustworthy sites more often even prefer to have
several mint addresses often called “burner wallets”. To use these, owners
will only mint from one smart contract from each address and then immediately
transfer assets out of the wallet and into a vault account for extra security.

### A Sell Wallet

This is the account you use to buy and sell crypto assets from trusted
platforms and smart contracts. For example, you might set approvals for your
favorite NFT Marketplaces and Decentralized Exchanges with this account.
However, you will not keep the bulk of your collection here either. Rather,
you’ll only send the assets you ABSOLUTELY need into it, as and when you need
them. This minimizes the risk of exposure to scams using marketplace bugs and
saves you from setting trade approvals for assets you’d rather keep.

### A Vault Wallet

Finally, you have your vault account. This is the crypto account that should
never sign any transactions or make any approvals of any kind. This ensures
that the account remains isolated from external threats, and is therefore a
fortress for your digital assets. Vault accounts are also known as cold
wallets, but cold wallets are not the same as hardware wallets. To understand
fully, read the Ledger Academy article on [cold vs hardware
wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-
whats-the-difference). But in short, a hardware wallet is indeed cold when you
buy it. However, if you allow it to interact with a smart contract, it’s no
longer cold.

The only signatures a vault account should execute are ‘gasless signatures’.
You can think of these signatures as proof of identity checks rather than
approvals.

## Revoke Your Permissions

No matter which of your accounts you might be using, it’s important to stay on
top of your permissions. That means knowing exactly what permissions (on and
off-chain) are active at a given time. Revoking anything unnecessary to avoid
a surprise down the line.

Services like [Revoke.cash](https://revoke.cash/) enable users to inspect all
of the open contracts you’ve authorized to spend money on your behalf and
revoke access for the ones you no longer need – a tool that can be used across
the range of DeFi platforms on Ethereum.

## Mitigating the Mistakes, Limiting Any Losses

Scams are a fact of life, especially in a nascent environment like Web3. But
making a mistake _does not mean_ you _need to compromise the security of your
entire collection.  _

Having a Ledger means YOU are in control. Each Ledger device can secure as
many accounts as you choose to create, meaning that with a little forward-
thinking, and a firm understanding of how scams work, you can protect your
collection, and determine your own Web3 experience.

So keep on learning, know your enemy, and above all – segregate assets! This
is your opportunity to protect yourself, don’t miss it.

## Knowledge is Power

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/YT_THUMBNAILS_07-1-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/all-about-scams)

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-
crypto-assets
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20to%20Segregate%20Your%20Crypto%20Assets&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-
crypto-assets "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-crypto-assets
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsegregate-
crypto-assets&title=How%20to%20Segregate%20Your%20Crypto%20Assets "Reddit")

[ Next up: How Crypto Gets Stolen - And How To…
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-crypto-gets-stolen-and-how-to-avoid-it
"How Crypto Gets Stolen - And How To Avoid It")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/topicos/crypto/como-segregar-seus-criptoativos)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

