[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2JpbmFuY2UtZWFybi1hdXRvaW52ZXN0LTMwLWxlYXJuLW1vcmUtYWJvdXQtaXRzLW5ldy1mZWF0dXJlcy03OTg5MjUyMzEyMTYwMjQ0NDk4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2JpbmFuY2UtZWFybi1hdXRvaW52ZXN0LTMwLWxlYXJuLW1vcmUtYWJvdXQtaXRzLW5ldy1mZWF0dXJlcy03OTg5MjUyMzEyMTYwMjQ0NDk4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Earn Auto-Invest 3.0: Learn More About Its New Features

2023-04-14

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Earn has implemented a selection of new features in its Auto-Invest 3.0 update.

  * You can now use fiat currencies to dollar-cost average in your Auto-Invest plan.

  * More than 250 additional tokens will be available for purchase on Auto-Invest. Newly listed tokens on Binance will also be available to use in Auto-Invest.

  * To celebrate the launch of Auto-Invest 3.0, we’re launching a selection of related campaigns.

_Take a look at the new features we’ve developed for our tried-and-tested
Auto-Invest feature._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/ef98a053-0c4a-42d5-83b2-ae1f6c20d9aa)

##  Auto-Invest 3.0 New Features

At Binance, we’re driven to continuously improve the products we offer users.
Our team is always listening to the Binancian community for new ways to
streamline our services and implement new features that you’ve been asking
for. This ambition is the same for brand-new products and older ones alike.

Our popular [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest) service is
next for improvement, with new features for users to try in the launch of our
latest Auto-Invest 3.0 update. Whether you’re using the Binance app or
website, you’ll be able to explore its new use cases and functionalities.

_Note: Certain features might only be accessible after two weeks once the
latest version of the app is available in all regions; look out for the newest
updates in the App Store and Google Play Store._

##  Purchase Crypto With Fiat

Previously, Binance users were only available to create Auto-Invest plans with
[stablecoins](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/what-is-a-stablecoin-heres-
where-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903322). Now, you can opt to use [fiat
currencies](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/fiat) instead. This
feature gives you more flexibility in how you choose to invest and saves you
the step of converting your fiat to stablecoins to use with Auto-Invest.

The list of available fiat currencies includes:

AUD, BRL, EUR, GBP, NGN, TRY, RUB, UAH, ZAR, PLN, and RON.  
---  
  
Additionally, Auto-Invest now supports **USDC** and**BIDR** along with USDT
and BUSD. **TUSD** will also be supported in the future.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/1a8db996-f1d7-4999-af67-a6f52fc1cbb3)

## 250+ Additional Tokens Available for Purchase

We’ve now increased the number of tokens you can purchase with Auto-Invest.
Previously, you could only choose from 89 coins to invest in individually or
as part of a portfolio plan. We’ve listened to your feedback for more
flexibility and delivered on it; Since **2 May, 2023** , 126 extra tokens are
now available and more than 100 additional tokens will be introduced over the
coming months.

The list of newly added tokens available since**2 May, 2023** includes:

WBTC, XLM, HBAR, QNT, GRT, EOS, STX, XTZ, FLOW, EGLD, IMX, OP, MINA, FXS,
IOTA, XEC, RNDR, PAXG, TWT, INJ, AGIX, LRC, ZIL, 1INCH, KAVA, BAT, CVX, OSMO,
XEM, SSV, BAL, HOT, CELO, TFUEL, QTUM, RVN, COMP, T, AUDIO, ICX, FET, AR,
ASTR, YFI, ENS, GLM, BAND, ZRX, GLMR, REQ, OCEAN, ONT, ACH, IOST, JOE, RSR,
HIVE, LPT, SKL, FLUX, WAXP, SFP, CKB, BNX, STORJ, AMP, DGB, CELR, UMA, LSK,
RLC, ID, PUNDIX, RIF, KNC, SYS, GAL, CTSI, C98, COCOS, SYN, GTC, RDNT, QI,
KLAY, PYR, NMR, TRU, BNT, LINA, MOVR, ALPACA, API3, PLA, PEOPLE, ALPINE, STG,
MULTI, EDU, RAD, IDEX, SUPER, BETA, VOXEL, DEGO, PORTO, LAZIO, TKO, ALPHA.  
---  
  
## Rolling Token Listing Support

With this new feature, you’ll no longer have to wait as long for Auto-Invest
to support the latest coins listed on Binance. Previously, it’s been difficult
for new token listings to quickly support Auto-Invest. In the 3.0 update, we
wanted to improve this to ensure proper coordination between new token
listings.

With the rolling token listing support feature, tokens will be available on
Auto-Invest soon after being listed on Binance in most cases. This update will
drastically improve the responsiveness to new token listings, meaning you
won’t have to wait as long before you can start dollar-cost averaging them
with Auto-Invest.

## Faster Transaction Speeds

In previous versions of Auto-Invest, your scheduled buys took place within a
15-minute window of your pre-planned purchases. We’ve improved on this
timeframe, and now all buys will take place within three minutes of your
scheduled purchase times.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/3d422c4f-b4a1-4bd1-b9f2-60b70d592d60)

## Easily Find Your Purchase Price History

Our Auto-Invest feature is popular with users looking to dollar-cost average.
A key part of this strategy is knowing your purchase prices to help you
calculate the average. In our 3.0 update, you can now view your purchase
history to see the exact price you paid in your plan. To do this, simply tap
[History] on the Auto-Invest page.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/f62db3ce-d381-42b8-b854-5d4975ffad57)

## Auto-Invest 3.0 Campaigns

Alongside the update, we have two activities for you to participate in:

  1. PROM Giveaway – Receive up to 10 USD in PROM vouchers.

  2. Learn about Auto-Invest 3.0 to receive a PROM monthly plan.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/faac0231-0a8a-4f05-b30f-06fd65b9659a)

### 1\. PROM Voucher Giveaway

In this PROM campaign, new and existing Auto-Invest users can share a rewards
pool of 30,000 USD in PROM token vouchers.

All users need to do is create a single or portfolio Auto-Invest plan for
PROM, and depending on the number of tasks completed, users can receive up to
10 USD in PROM token vouchers.

**Promotion Period:** 2023-04-17 05:00 (UTC) to 2023-04-30 23:59 (UTC)

For more information, please visit the [Activity Rule
page](https://app.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/4e97b8c9c6bd4049b8aaaaf765f924e4?_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZZV04wYVhacGRIa3ZiV0Z5YTJWMGFXNW5MV05oYlhCaGFXZHVMelJsT1RkaU9HTTVZelppWkRRd05EbGlPR0ZoWVdGbU56WTFaamt5TkdVMA==).

### 2\. Learn & DCA Quiz

Binance is launching the Auto-Invest PROM Quiz on April 24, 2023, at 09:00
(UTC), where users can learn about Dollar-Cost Averaging (DCA) and Auto-Invest
3.0. The first 50,000 new Auto-Invest users who successfully confirm their
participation and complete the quiz during the promotion period will be
eligible to receive a free Auto-Invest PROM monthly trial plan worth 1 USDT.

This 1 USDT amount will be equally split over a period of five months to
purchase PROM tokens via the Auto-Invest monthly plan (i.e., 0.2 USDT per
installment).

**Promotion Period:** 2023-04-24 09:00 (UTC) to 2023-05-07 23:59 (UTC)

For more information, please visit the [Activity Rule
page](https://app.binance.com/en/activity/marketing-
campaign/1363f0598c2949808f09036ec3963263?_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZZV04wYVhacGRIa3ZiV0Z5YTJWMGFXNW5MV05oYlhCaGFXZHVMekV6TmpObU1EVTVPR015T1RRNU9EQTRaakE1TURNMlpXTXpPVFl6TWpZeg==).

## How Do I Get Started With Auto-Invest?

Auto-Invest is a [dollar-cost averaging
(DCA)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/dollar-cost-averaging-dca-
explained) investment strategy for averaging your entry price into the market.
Users typically set a determined period for making regular crypto purchases
rather than attempting to time their purchase in one go. Using the feature is
simple:

  1. Log in to the [Binance app](https://app.binance.com/en/savings/auto-invest?_dp=L21haW4vbGVuZGluZw==) and tap [More].

  2. In the Recommended section, select [Auto-Invest].

  3. You’ll now see a list of cryptocurrencies available to Auto-Invest. Here, you can choose the cryptocurrencies you want to invest in.

  4. Enter the subscription amount and pick your preferred fiat currency or stablecoin for payment. 

  5. Select the recurring cycle for your Auto-Invest plan. You can choose daily, weekly, bi-weekly, or monthly cycles.

  6. To redeem your purchased crypto, head to your [Earn Wallet]. Purchased BNB will be in the BNB Vault and all other cryptocurrencies in Simple Earn Flexible products. Select the asset you want to access and tap [Redeem].

For more information about how Auto-Invest works, check out our guide: [What
Is Auto-Invest and How to Use
It](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/3dd41bc1d4ea4879863ffbf2211a17fe).

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230414/80b137e4-4340-45d6-a3b4-6f30d3ed0dc2)

**Tip:** Ensure you have a sufficient stablecoin or fiat balance in your Spot
Wallet or Simple Earn Flexible products to guarantee successful recurring
purchases.

## Learn More About Auto-Invest and Dollar-Cost Averaging

If you like what you’ve seen so far, we’ve got a wealth of resources to help
you on your way. Before using any product, you should always [do your own
research](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/why-and-how-to-do-your-
own-research-dyor-when-investing-in-crypto-421499824684904046) and understand
exactly how it works. To learn more about what Auto-Invest can do for you,
check out our [Beginner’s Guide to Auto-
Invest](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn/course/a-beginners-
guide-to-autoinvest-BN794098070667583489) on Binance Academy.

## Further Reading

  * (Support) [What Is Binance Earn and How to Use It](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/bc076f0eb7fb4ae182de6c5eb8968dec)

  * (Support) [Binance Earn FAQ Library](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/c-5?navId=104#/5/104)

  * (Academy) [Your Guide to Binance Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/your-guide-to-binance-earn)

 _Risk disclaimer: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives, and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[terms of
use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[risk
warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,045,401 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

922

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Earn Auto-Invest 3.0: Learn More About Its New Features

Main Takeaways

Auto-Invest 3.0 New Features

Purchase Crypto With Fiat

250+ Additional Tokens Available for Purchase

Rolling Token Listing Support

Faster Transaction Speeds

Easily Find Your Purchase Price History

Auto-Invest 3.0 Campaigns

How Do I Get Started With Auto-Invest?

Learn More About Auto-Invest and Dollar-Cost Averaging

Further Reading

195,045,401 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

