[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From Richard Teng’s December 1 AMA on X Spaces

2023-12-04

## Main Takeaways

  * On December 1, 2023, Richard Teng, Binance’s new CEO, spent almost an hour on X Spaces, answering a slew of user questions.

  * Some of the most intriguing questions covered Richard’s thoughts on becoming Binance’s new CEO, crypto’s utility, and CZ’s legacy.

  * Today’s landscape has changed vastly in the six years since Binance was founded, with different stakeholders, challenges, and solutions.

  * Binance has emerged from the turbulence stronger than ever. Our commitment to enhancing the freedom of money has not wavered, and users remain at the core of our mission.

_What follows is a summary of Richard Teng’s answers to some of the questions
he received during an X Spaces AMA on December 1, 2023. Please note that this
transcript has been edited for length and clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231204/2bd4e2a0-b55a-484a-aea4-526763f0e979)

##  On Becoming Binance’s CEO

 _How are you feeling as the new CEO of Binance? What are your immediate
priorities?_

**Richard:** First of all, let me thank all our users for the overwhelming
support they've given. Users remain at the core of everything we do, so it is
very heartening to see. We are a user-focused organization, and we will
continue to focus on user needs.

For the last two years, there has been an overcast concerning the U.S.
investigation. With its recent resolution, we have overcome that. Since we
started in 2017, user protection has been sacrosanct. However, compliance
controls were lacking.

Learning from our past actions, we now move stronger as an organization, and
we have a strong foundation to build on. With this overcast gone, a lot of new
partners are now approaching us. The industry remains resilient, and our user
base continues to grow. Today, we have over 166 million users, and that figure
continues to grow quite robustly. Thanks to that critical trust and support,
we continue to build for the future.

### Immediate priorities

I have three immediate priorities. Firstly, to continue being a user-focused
organization, pushing ahead with services and use cases to develop the
business and ecosystem. Secondly, the direction of travel is clear: we are
going to see more regulations within crypto. Regulatory clarity is good for
the entire industry, and I am committed to promoting it. We need everyone to
play by the same standards, and that will help bring about mass adoption.

The third commitment is to work with our partners to continue to drive crypto
adoption and deployment. Until the last two and a half years, very few
institutions were spending time on this. Now, everyone has a blockchain, Web3,
or crypto agenda. Everyone is rushing to push forward with new products and
services to meet user demand in this sector. We look forward to working with
them to foster adoption.

These are key positives for all of us, which is why I'm optimistic for the
future. I'm working very closely and tirelessly with the rest of my team, and
the sector will continue to evolve, but it's extremely important that we stay
true to our roots. Our core mission is to enhance the freedom of money and
allow every individual to realize their financial freedom. The passion and
vibrancy of the community are key to that.

### Crypto in action

I've traveled the world quite extensively in my job, and I see how crypto
changes the lives of so many different people across the world. In many parts
of the world, especially developing and frontier economies, financial
inclusion is very low. This is usually because financial services are costly.

I see how crypto changes the lives of all these people across different
communities, and it does so at a fraction of the cost. You can do remittance
at a fraction of the cost of what traditional financial institutions charge.
You can use payment services where there was previously no access. All these
possibilities are changing the lives of people drastically.

Unlike traditional finance, which works from 10:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. five days
a week, crypto doesn't sleep. It works 24/7. It provides an open
infrastructure to the world at a low cost, which is why it's so powerful. We
will continue to push ahead to build new products, systems, and use cases to
increase the freedom of money that improves billions of lives around the
world.

We are tireless in that we'll continue to push ahead, make investments, and
work closely with our partners and community to understand their needs. I
believe it will cut across all different industries going forward. Crypto
provides a lot of solutions to the problems we see today.

## On Binance Fines

 _We’ve seen many community members asking about the fines that have been in
the news recently. Can Binance afford the fines?_

**Richard:** My assurance is: don't worry. We are in very strong financial
shape. The fundamentals of our business are very strong. We were profitable
almost from day one and have remained profitable since. We are still by far
the largest crypto exchange globally in terms of volume. Our users trust us
because of our consistency over the past six years. At every instance, we look
out for users.

The U.S. agencies do not allege that there was ever any misappropriation of
user funds. User funds are backed one-to-one, and users can choose to withdraw
100% of their funds at any point in time. Users can be assured that we take
our custodial responsibility very seriously.

Users have been overwhelmingly positive about all this, and we have been
honored to see an outpouring of support. We have more users signing up with us
now than ever before – 166 million by now. Those fines are not an issue. We
will continue to push ahead. Our expenses are modest, and we have robust
profits and revenue.

We are now focusing on the future, which remains extremely bright. Please
continue supporting us and join us on our journey. Fines of this magnitude are
not uncommon in the financial sector. Many financial institutions have paid
fines much bigger than this. What is important is for us to learn from our
past actions, overcome them, and emerge from this episode stronger than
before.

## On New Listings

 _Given recent events, will there be heavier security around project listings
on Binance?_

**Richard:** Let me stress that the issues we had in the US regarding
registration, compliance, sanctions, etc. were past, historical issues. In the
past two years, we have invested heavily in our compliance program. We've
recruited a leadership team from regulatory agencies, traditional finance,
etc. that is familiar with the regulatory process. We'll continue improving
our compliance initiatives to build a sustainable future as a user-led
organization that meets all the global compliance standards.

Listing is something we take very seriously. Our listing standards are very
high compared to many others because we are there for our users. There are a
few primary things we consider: use cases, community engagement, whether the
project is building for the future, etc. Those will not change. Our
fundamental approach to listings is that we want to work with exciting
projects that support the community through their use cases.

A lot of the time, the project owners are happy, and they move away, which is
challenging for users, communities, and investors. If you don't continue to
build on those projects, everybody is worse off, which is why we require deep
commitment from project owners and sponsors in terms of project release. Our
listing team does a lot of work with these projects to ensure they continue
building exciting things, not only to protect user interests but also to
enrich the entire ecosystem.

## On CZ’s Legacy

 _Do you see yourself committing to and continuing CZ’s journey, or will you
try a different approach to realize your vision for Binance?_

**Richard:** I assumed this role because of CZ’s and our leadership’s
confidence and trust in me to bring the franchise – a very important franchise
– into its next chapter. Our mantra remains the same: to support the freedom
of money. We will continue to be a user-focused organization because users are
at the heart of what we do. Without your support, our platform means nothing.

That user trust, confidence, and support have translated into 166 million
users, and we continue to grow by the day. I'm looking forward to pushing that
figure further and supporting the next billion. Hopefully, we'll reach that
figure sooner than we think. If you look at the pace of adoption in crypto,
the next five years are going to be much faster than the previous five years.
I'm committed to that mission, agenda, and vision, which our great company is
built on. I have an excellent core team with me, so we have a very strong
foundation.

Today, we’re operating from a different position than six years ago, when CZ
first started the company. Back then, the landscape was totally different. We
are dealing with different groups of stakeholders now. Six years ago, you did
not have regulators, and large institutions were not embracing this space.
Today, we have moved to a different situation. In many instances, regulators
are starting to interact quite heavily, and institutions are investing in this
space.

Today, the opportunities and challenges are very different than six years ago.
In some areas, we must pivot and build to ensure we are sustainable while
remaining user-focused. That is what I'm prioritizing to make sure the company
remains strong and robust for the path ahead: focusing on users while making
the right investments in other areas to remain a leading company within the
ecosystem.

_You can listen to a recording of the AMA in full_[
_here_](https://twitter.com/i/spaces/1BdxYrzyOyBKX?s=20) _.  _

_Please follow us on_[ _Twitter_](https://twitter.com/binance) _for news of
Richard’s next AMA._

##  Further Reading

  * [ _Bio: Richard Teng, Binance’s New CEO_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/bio-richard-teng-binances-new-ceo-6819833624741779461)

  * [ _My First Blog as Binance’s CEO_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-our-ceo/my-first-blog-as-binances-ceo-2887294642016890803)

  * [ _Binance Announcement: Reaching Resolution With U.S. Regulators_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/leadership/binance-announcement-reaching-resolution-with-us-regulators-2904832835382364558)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From Richard Teng’s December 1 AMA on X Spaces

Main Takeaways

On Becoming Binance’s CEO

On Binance Fines

On New Listings

On CZ’s Legacy

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

