[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbi9iaXRjb2lu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vcHJpY2UtcHJlZGljdGlvbi9iaXRjb2lu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[Home](/en)

[Price Prediction](/en/price-prediction)

Bitcoin Price Prediction

![Bitcoin Price
Prediction](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/128x128/1.png)

# Bitcoin (BTC) Price Prediction

How much will Bitcoin (BTC) be worth in 2025, 2026, 2027, up to 2030? Check
out other opinions on price targets and project confidence levels — known as a
Consensus Rating — when deciding on your own price targets. Data displayed are
based on user input and not Binance's opinion.

Ready to buy BTC? Binance accepts a wide range of currencies, making it easy
for you to buy crypto using USD, EUR, CNY, AUD, INR, and other fiat
currencies. Here are the [buying guides for all available tokens on
Binance](/en/how-to-buy).

[Buy
Bitcoin](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vY3J5cHRv&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Price Target on Bitcoin (BTC)

### $ 67,971.75

-1.51%

(24H)

Enter your price growth prediction

%

Calculate Prediction

* All price predictions are based on user input. Binance does not contribute to or influence any of the price predictions on this page.

Visualize your price target on a graph with the Price Prediction Graph tool
below. Simply enter your prediction for Bitcoin’s growth in percentage, and
click ‘Calculate Prediction’.  
  
Please note that you can enter a negative or positive growth percentage.

Actual

Forecast

Page last updated: 2024-05-28 14:30 (UTC+0)

### Technical Analysis

Technical analysis is a useful tool for predicting trends on a chart. However,
recently many people have started trading with bots that have technical
analysis concepts programmed into them. Below is an automated report of where
the market is trending and which direction it may go at different time
intervals into the future. While this is a Bitcoin price prediction based on
technicals, please do your own research and trade based on your own knowledge
and ability.

4 Hours

1 Day

1 Week

#### Moving Average

  1. Bitcoin’s 200 day moving average is sloping up and has been doing so since 5/23/2024 which means the trend is strong.

## Daily Bitcoin (BTC) Price Prediction For Today, Tomorrow, this Week, and
Next 30 Days

Based on your price prediction input for Bitcoin, there is a projected
increase in the value of BTC by 5%, potentially reaching $ 67,980.84 by
tomorrow.

Year| Price  
---|---  
May 28, 2024| $ 67,971.75  
May 29, 2024| $ 67,980.84  
Jun 04, 2024| $ 68,035.39  
Jun 27, 2024| $ 68,244.88  
  
## Bitcoin (BTC) Price Prediction 2030

According to **your** price prediction input for Bitcoin, the value of BTC may
increase by +5% and reach $ 91,088.65 by 2030.

Year| Price  
---|---  
2024| $ 67,971.75  
2025| $ 71,370.34  
2026| $ 74,938.86  
2027| $ 78,685.80  
2030| $ 91,088.65  
  
## Current BTC Price

### $ 67,971.75

-1.51%

(24H)

The live price of Bitcoin is $ 67,971.75 per (BTC / USD) today with a current
market cap of $ 1,339.36B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 33.49B USD. BTC to
USD price is updated in real-time. Bitcoin is -1.51% in the last 24 hours. It
has a circulating supply of 19.70M.

Want to keep tabs on coin prices? Visit our [coin price directory](/en/price-
prediction) to add to bookmark.

Learn More

Content published on our Coin Prediction pages is based on information and
feedback provided to us by verified Binance users and/or other third party
sources. It is presented to you on an ‘as is’ basis for informational and
illustrative purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind.
The presented price prediction may not be accurate and should not be treated
as such. Future price may differ significantly from the presented prediction
and it should not be relied on. It should not be construed as financial
advice, nor is it intended to recommend the purchase of any specific product
or service. Binance shall not be liable to you in any way, for any losses that
you may incur arising from your reference to, use of, and/or reliance on any
content published on our Coin Prediction pages.

Please also be aware that digital asset prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you
may not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur.
Past performance is also not a reliable predictor of future performance. You
should only invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand
the risks.You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial
situation, investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent
financial adviser prior to making any investment.

This material should not be construed as financial advice. For more
information, see our [Binance Terms of Use](/en/terms), [Risk
Warning](/en/risk-warning), and the specific _Terms and Conditions applicable
to this Users’ Coin Prediction Feature._

### Consensus Rating

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[🚀 Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_News)

[Binance News](/en/square/profile/Binance_News)

9 minutes ago

[Semler Scientific's Stock Rises After Bitcoin PurchaseAccording to Foresight
News, medical device manufacturer Semler Scientific (SMLR) saw a 25% increase
in its stock price during early trading hours on Tuesday in the US, following
the disclosure of its purchase of 581 Bitcoins, now valued at $28.18 each.  
  
In a previous report, Semler Scientific announced that it had adopted Bitcoin
as its primary treasury reserve asset. The company disclosed that it had
purchased 581 Bitcoins, with a total value of $40
million.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8711866215890)

[](/en/square/profile/BadgerDAO)

[₿adger](/en/square/profile/BadgerDAO)

12 minutes ago

[🚨 Mt. Gox moved $7.3B in BTC to an unknown wallet today.  
  
The exchange got hacked for 850,000 BTC back in 2014.  
  
Seems they're now preparing to repay hacked users
👀](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8711795758377)

[](/en/square/profile/SCdeNostradame)

[Crypto De Nostradame](/en/square/profile/SCdeNostradame)

14 minutes ago

[Why is Chiliz (CHZ) rising? Is the CHZ bull close?  
What is Chiliz (CHZ)?  
  
Chiliz is a blockchain technology-based platform designed for the sports and
entertainment industry. The Chiliz platform was developed to provide greater
interaction and participation between sports clubs and fans. CHZ token,
Chiliz's main cryptocurrency, is used for various transactions on the
platform.  
Key Features of [#Chiliz](/en/square/hashtag?q=Chiliz)  
  
1.Socios.com Platform: Chiliz's most well-known application is Socios.com.
This platform allows fans to purchase official tokens of their favorite sports
clubs and participate in the decisions of the clubs using these tokens. For
example, fans of a football club can vote on issues such as the team's jersey
design or stadium music.  
2.Fan Tokens: There are fan tokens specially created for each club on
Socios.com. These tokens allow fans to interact more with clubs.
[#Fan](/en/square/hashtag?q=Fan) tokens can be bought, sold and traded through
the Socios.com app.  
3\. Voting and Participation: Fan token holders can influence team decisions
by participating in the voting organized by the clubs. This allows fans to
form a deeper connection with clubs.  
4.Rewards and Experiences: Socios.com offers various rewards and special
experiences to token holders. For example, opportunities such as the chance to
win match tickets, participation in [#VIP](/en/square/hashtag?q=VIP) events
and meeting team players are offered.  
5.CHZ Token: [#CHZ](/en/square/hashtag?q=CHZ) token is the main cryptocurrency
of the Chiliz ecosystem. It is used to purchase fan tokens and perform various
transactions on the Socios.com platform. CHZ token is traded on many
cryptocurrency exchanges.  
[#CHZ](/en/square/hashtag?q=CHZ) , which has gained upward momentum with the
succession of positive news, has maintained a strong stance since testing $
0.08410. The popular altcoin, which is approaching a critical resistance area
with the recent upward movement, can target $0.17857 – 0.20446 – 0.23206 –
0.26547 and $0.29656 respectively if it stays above the $0.15260 – $0.16461
range. In an opposite scenario, the levels that can be followed as support are
0.12420 - 0.08410 and 0.06000 dollars, respectively.  
$BTC $CHZ ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8711724197618)

[](/en/square/profile/ZyCrypto)

[ZyCrypto](/en/square/profile/ZyCrypto)

16 minutes ago

[1 Million BTC: 5% of Entire Bitcoin Supply Is Now Backing Spot ETFsThe newly
launched spot Bitcoin exchange-traded funds (ETFs) continue to vacuum up
Bitcoins, now holding over 1 million BTC — which is nearly 5% of the entire 21
million BTC supply. This rapid accumulation has not only pushed the Bitcoin
price to new all-time highs but also spurred wider demand for
cryptocurrencies.  
  
Capturing Over 1 Million Bitcoin  
  
Spot Bitcoin exchange-traded funds have been an absurd success, with a
profound impact on the crypto industry.  
  
Over 30 spot Bitcoin ETFs collectively held 1,002,343 BTC as of May 24, as per
a chart posted to X (aka Twitter) on Monday by MicroStrategy founder Michael
Saylor. These holdings represent 5% of the circulating supply of Bitcoin.  
  
32 [#Bitcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=Bitcoin) Spot ETFs now hold ~1 Nakamoto of
$BTC pic.twitter.com/OpHridlymc  
  
— Michael Saylor (@saylor) May 27, 2024  
  
The total net asset value of the 11 ETFs reached $70.5 billion. Most of that
BTC is held within U.S.-based spot Bitcoin ETFs that started trading in
January and have broken all past ETF launch performance records. Grayscale’s
converted GBTC fund leads the pack with over 293,000 BTC under management,
closely followed by BlackRock’s IBIT and their 284,526 BTC cache.  
  
The next biggest funds include Fidelity Wise Origin Bitcoin Trust (161,538
BTC), the Ark 21Shares Bitcoin ETF (48,444 BTC), and the Bitwise Bitcoin ETF
(36,185 BTC). Outside the United States, the largest Bitcoin ETF remains
Canada’s Purpose Bitcoin ETF, which was the world’s first to go live — owning
27,110 BTC. The Germany-based BTCetc Bitcoin Exchange Traded Crypto (BTCE)
follows with 22,490 BTC under its management.  
  
The seven recently established Hong Kong Bitcoin ETFs own 5,789 BTC in total.
Despite the initial optimism, Hong Kong crypto ETFs have failed to drive a lot
of interest and inflows.  
  
Rapid Adoption Of Bitcoin ETFs Shows Mainstream Acceptance  
  
Spot Bitcoin ETFs are managed by professional fund managers who control the
buying, selling, and custody of BTC, thus streamlining the investment process
for traditional investors who are not well-versed in the technical aspects of
crypto assets.  
  
The world’s largest asset manager, BlackRock, has emerged as a key player in
the Bitcoin ETF market. The fund’s popularity has garnered the interest of
various high-profile financial institutions, including BNP Paribas, Europe’s
second-largest bank, which reported an almost $42K investment in iShares.  
  
American banking giant JPMorgan also disclosed their Bitcoin ETF holdings in
multiple funds, including products from BlackRock, Grayscale, ProShares, and
Fidelity, amounting to around $750,000.  
  
The soaring adoption of Bitcoin ETFs and the substantial investments by
institutional players have legitimized and cemented crypto as an asset
class.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8711671353186)

[](/en/square/profile/bitcoinorg)

[Bitcoin.org](/en/square/profile/bitcoinorg)

5 hours ago

[$68,000.00  
[#Bitcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=Bitcoin) [#BTC](/en/square/hashtag?q=BTC) $BTC
$USD](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8702564826921)

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

USERS’ COIN PREDICTIONS FEATURE TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Welcome to the “Users’ Coin Predictions” feature(“UCP Feature”)owned and
operated by Binance Operators, as defined in the Binance Terms of Use set
forth here:<https://www.binance.com/en/terms> (“Binance Terms”).

Binance.com is a platform providing various products and services to global
customers, which are subject to different laws and regulations in different
jurisdictions. By making the UCP Feature available on Binance.com and/or any
other Binance websites and applications, including but not limited to mobile
applications (“UCP Feature”), Binance is not making, and shall not be regarded
as having made or intended to make, an invitation or inducement to you to
invest in any Binance products or services.

Please read these terms(“UCP Terms”)carefully as they govern your access to
and use of the UCP Feature. If you do not agree to these terms or any other
terms that are incorporated by reference herein (all of which, may be amended
from time to time without further notice), please cease access immediately and
do not continue to use the UCP Feature.

For clarity, your continued access to and use of UCP Feature shall constitute
your acceptance of these UCP Terms and all other terms that are incorporated
herein, including any updates or modifications to them from time to time.

1\. ACCEPTANCE AND MODIFICATION OF UCP TERMS

1.1 These UCP Terms (as updated from time to time) govern your access to and
use of the UCP Feature, and are entered into by, and constitute a legally
binding agreement between you (hereinafter referred to as “you” or “your”) and
the relevant Binance Operator (hereinafter also referred to as “us” or “we”).

1.2 By accessing, downloading, using or attempting to use any Binance Services
(as defined below) in any capacity, and/or by clicking on “I agree” to accept
any Binance Services provided by Binance, you acknowledge and agree that: (a)
you have read, understood, accepted and agree to be bound by these UCP Terms,
our Binance Terms (the terms of which shall be fully incorporated by reference
into these UCP Terms), and our Privacy Policy accessible
here:<https://www.binance.com/en/privacy>; (b) you are aware of, and shall
assume all risks, associated with transactions involving crypto tokens; and
(c) Binance shall not be liable for any such risks or adverse outcomes
relating to the same.

1.3 We may change or amend these UCP Terms, or add new or remove existing
features and change any part of the UCP Features, at any time at our sole and
absolute discretion. In respect of any changes or amendments to these UCP
Terms, such changes will be effective as of the “last revised” date referred
to at the top of this page. In addition, you also acknowledge and agree that
Binance may (but shall not be obliged) to notify you of any changes to the UCP
Features or to these UCP Terms.In this regard, you agree and undertake to
regularly refer to these UCP Terms and any other announcements that Binance
may make from time to time, through any communication channels that Binance
may deem fit.

2\. DEFINITIONS

2.1 Unless expressly defined in these UCP Terms, or where the context
otherwise requires, all words and expressions used in these UCP Terms shall
have the same meaning as defined in the Binance Terms. For clarity:
(a)“Binance Services”as defined in the Binance Terms shall include the UCP
Feature; and (b) in the event of any conflict between these UCP Terms and the
Binance Terms, such conflict shall be resolved in a manner most favourable to
Binance Operator, subject always to any restrictions, limitations or
prohibitions under applicable law; and to the extent such conflict cannot be
so resolved, the provisions in the Binance Terms shall prevail over these UCP
Terms.

3\. UCP FEATURES

3.1 UCP Features contain content that is provided solely on an informational
and illustrative basis, and on an “as is” and “as available” basis, without
warranties of any kind.

3.2 Such content and features (which may be further supplemented or varied by
us at our sole and absolute discretion at any time) may include: (a)
information aggregated, obtained, crowd-sourced or derived from statistical
services or other third party sources (such as but not limited to other
Binance users); and (b) data computation and visualisation of possible crypto
token price performance, based on information provided and/or collected from
you or from other third party sources.

3.3 From time to time, we may also issue ad-hoc announcements or notices as
part of the UCP Features, relating to the detection of unusual activities that
may have an impact on the future price performance of crypto tokens (“Unusual
Activity Announcements”) (if any such activities have come to our attention).
For the avoidance of doubt however, please note that the issuance of any such
Unusual Activity Announcements (if any) is not intend to, and shall not be
construed as, an assumption of a duty of care on our part to keep you notified
of any and all such unusual activities.

3.4 Nothing in the UCP Features is intended to, and shall not be construed as,
providing any information relating to securities of any form, units in a
business trust, units in a collective investment scheme or any other form of
regulated investment or investment product, in any jurisdiction.The UCP
Features are also not, and are not intended to, constitute a prospectus or
offer document of any sort, and are not intended to constitute an offer of
securities of any form, units in a business trust, units in a collective
investment scheme or any other form of regulated investment or investment
product, or a solicitation for any form of regulated investment or investment
product in any such jurisdiction.

4\. YOUR OBLIGATIONS

4.1 You acknowledge and agree:

(a) to fully comply with all your obligations as set out in these UCP Terms
and any other terms that may be incorporated herein (as amended from time to
time);

(b) that unless expressly permitted by these UCP Terms, you will not to copy,
retransmit, reproduce, create derivative works or exploit content from the UCP
Features without our prior written permission; and

(c) you are solely responsible for conducting your own due diligence to ensure
that you are alert to any unusual activities in the market, which may impact
on crypto token price performance. This also includes making regular and
prompt checks to ensure that you are kept up to date on any and all Unusual
Activity Announcements that may have been released by us from time to time (if
any). Binance will not be held liable or responsible in any manner of
compensation should you incur personal losses arising from ignorance or
negligence of these Unusual Activity Announcements.

5\. DISCLAIMERS & EXCLUSIONS

5.1 You acknowledge and agree that content made available through the UCP
Features is for your own personal reference only, and that such content:

(a) are not guaranteed to be reliable, accurate or complete, and does not take
into account whether any transaction is suitable for a particular person;

(b) are not intended to constitute recommendations or investment advice to
you;

(c) does not constitute a provision of any form of advisory services to you,
regarding investment, tax, legal, financial, accounting, consulting or
otherwise;

(d) are not endorsements of, guarantees or representations to you, as regards
the future price performance of crypto tokens;

(e) are not recommendations to you to buy, sell or hold any particular crypto
token asset whether now or in the future;

(f) may have been aggregated, obtained, crowd-sourced or derived from
statistical services or third party sources.

5.2 Accordingly, you acknowledge and agree that content made available through
the UCP Features shall not be relied upon by you, or form your basis for
making any investment decision, or be construed as a recommendation by us to
engage in any particular transaction or investment strategy. You have been
advised, and agree, to conduct your own research and make your own investment
decisions, having regard to your own personal and financial circumstances.

5.3 Where the content made available to you through the UCP Features were
aggregated, obtained, crowd-sourced or derived from statistical services or
third party sources (such as but not limited to other Binance users), you
further acknowledge and agree that such information may not be reliable,
accurate or complete, and that Binance Operator(s) shall not be responsible to
you for any such information.

5.4 To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, Binance Services,
Binance materials and any product, service or other item provided by or on
behalf of Binance (including but not limited to any and all content made
available to you via the UCP Features) are offered on an “as is” and “as
available” basis, and Binance expressly disclaims, and you agree to waive, any
and all other warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including,
without limitation, warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular
purpose,title or non-infringement or warranties arising from course of
performance, course of dealing or usage in trade. Without limiting the
foregoing, Binance does not represent or warrant that the site (including its
UCP Features), Binance Services or Binance materials (including but not
limited to any and all content made available to you via the UCP Features) are
accurate, complete, reliable, current, error-free, or free of viruses or other
harmful components.Except for the express statements, agreements and rules set
forth in these UCP Terms, you hereby acknowledge and agree that you have not
relied upon any other statement or agreement, whether written or oral, with
respect to your use and access of Binance Services. Without limiting the
foregoing, you hereby understand and agree that Binance will not be liable for
any losses or damages arising out of or relating to: (a) any inaccuracy,
defect or omission of crypto token price data, (b) any error or delay in the
transmission of such data, (c) interruption in any such data,(d) regular or
unscheduled maintenance carried out by Binance and service interruption and
change resulting from such maintenance, (e) any damages incurred by other
users’ actions, omissions or violation of these terms, (f) any damage caused
by illegal actions of other third parties or actions without authorized by
Binance; and (g) other exemptions mentioned in disclaimers and platform rules
issued by Binance.

The disclaimer of implied warranties contained herein may not apply if and to
the extent it is prohibited by applicable law of the jurisdiction in which you
reside.

6\. RISK DISCLOSURE

6.1 You understand and acknowledge that crypto token investments constitute
high risk investments, as their price performance may fluctuate widely and may
even become worthless. They are not appropriate for all investors and you
should consider whether they are suitable for you in light of your financial
situation. You should only engage in crypto token investments if you are
prepared to accept the risk of losing all your initial investment.

6.2 By agreeing to these UCP Terms, you acknowledge that we are not
responsible for the risks mentioned in these UCP Terms, and you voluntarily
assume and accept such risks in deciding whether to carry out crypto token
investments.

7\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITIES

7.1 To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will
Binance, its affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors,
officers, employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers or
contractors be liable for any incidental, indirect, special, punitive,
consequential or similar damages or liabilities whatsoever (including, without
limitation, damages for loss of data, information, revenue, profits or other
businesses or financial benefits) arising out of Binance Services (including
UCP Features), any performance or non-performance of Binance Services,or any
other product, service or other item provided by or on behalf of Binance and
its affiliates, whether under contract, statute, strict liability or other
theory even if Binance has been advised of the possibility of such damages
except to the extent of a final judicial determination that such damages were
a result of Binance’s gross negligence, fraud, willful misconduct or
intentional violation of law.

Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or
consequential damages, so the above limitation may not apply to you.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will the liability of Binance, its
affiliates and their respective shareholders, members, directors, officers,
employees, attorneys, agents, representatives, suppliers or contractors
arising out of services offered by or on behalf of Binance and its affiliates,
any performance or non-performance of Binance Services, or any other product,
service or other item,whether under contract, statute, strict liability or
other theory, exceed the amount of the fees paid by you to Binance for access
to the UCP Features in the twelve-month period immediately preceding the event
giving rise to the claim for liability (if any).

8\. INDEMNIFICATION

8.1 You agree to indemnify and hold harmless Binance operators, their
affiliates, contractors, licensors, and their respective directors, officers,
employees and agents from and against any claims, actions, proceedings,
investigations, demands, suits, costs, expenses and damages (including
attorneys’ fees, fines or penalties imposed by any regulatory authority)
arising out of or related to (i) your use of, or conduct in connection with,
Binance Services (which includes use of UCP Features), (ii) your breach or our
enforcement of these UCP Terms, or(iii) your violation of any applicable law,
regulation, or rights of any third party during your use of Binance Services.
If you are obligated to indemnify Binance Operators, their affiliates,
contractors, licensors, and their respective directors, officers, employees or
agents pursuant to these terms, Binance will have the right, in its sole
discretion, to control any action or proceeding and to determine whether
Binance wishes to settle, and if so, on what terms.

9\. RESOLVING DISPUTES: FORUM, ARBITRATION, CLASS ACTION WAIVER

9.1 Section X of the Binance Terms on “Resolving Disputes: Forum, Arbitration,
Class Action Waiver” shall apply in its entirety to your access to and use of
the UCP Features, as if the same were expressly set out in these UCP Terms.

BackI accept

