[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/%D8%AD%D9%88%D9%84-%D9%85%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%82%D8%A8%D9%84-%D8%A5%D9%8A%D8%AB%D8%B1%D9%8A%D9%88%D9%85)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/%E8%AE%BA%E4%BB%A5%E5%A4%AA%E5%9D%8A%E7%9A%84%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/reflexions-sur-lavenir-dethereum)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ueber-die-zukunft-von-ethereum)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/%D0%9E-%D0%B1%D1%83%D0%B4%D1%83%D1%89%D0%B5%D0%BC-%D0%AD%D1%84%D0%B8%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%83%D0%BC%D0%B0)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/sobre-el-futuro-de-ethereum)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/ethereum%E3%81%AE%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E3%81%AB%E3%81%A4%E3%81%84%E3%81%A6)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/%EC%9D%B4%EB%8D%94%EB%A6%AC%EC%9B%80%EC%9D%98-%EB%AF%B8%EB%9E%98%EC%97%90)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ethereumun-gelecegi-hakkinda)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/sobre-o-futuro-da-ethereum)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/on-the-future-of-ethereum-charles-
guillemet) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog
posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Thought leadership](https://www.ledger.com/category/thought-leadership "Thought leadership") | 03/02/2023 

# On The Future Of Ethereum

Charles Guillemet, CTO at Ledger, reflects on the future of Ethereum and the
protocol’s potential to support Web3’s mainstream adoption.

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/blog/on-the-future-of-ethereum-charles-
guillemet) __[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog
posts")

  
Things to know:_  
_  
---  
  
– Ethereum, the world’s second-largest blockchain by market cap, recently
underwent a significant software upgrade called The Merge, shifting from
Proof-of-Work to Proof-of-Stake consensus.  
  
– While a successful transition, questions remain about Ethereum’s scalability
and readiness for the next stage of Web3’s development.  
  
– This article delves into Ethereum’s scaling challenges and evaluates its
ability to meet mainstream adoption needs. It argues that, while a flawless
scaling solution does not exist yet, Layer 2s including Optimistic and
Validity Rollups hold the most potential for increased scalability with a good
tradeoff for the blockchain trilemma.  
  
– More precisely, optimistic and Validity Rollups, using ZKP technology, will
be key in shaping the future of Ethereum by enabling trustless, complex, and
permissionless transactions at scale.  
  
  
  
#### **Scaling Ethereum: The Quest For A Solution**

Ethereum, like many blockchains, currently faces limited transaction
processing capacity. Despite supporting ETH transfers and thousands of DApps,
increased usage has resulted in slower and more expensive transactions.

To mitigate high fees, this situation drove insecure design decisions such as
off-chain centralized services for NFT marketplaces. The introduction of
EIP-1559 improved fee estimation and incentivization, but hasn’t significantly
improved scalability. The scalability challenge is well understood within the
popular blockchain trilemma of Scalability, Decentralization, and Security.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/Screenshot-2023-03-01-at-16.45.07.png)

The blockchain trilemma asserts that it’s not possible to simultaneously
achieve three properties: decentralization, security, and scalability.
Sacrifice on decentralization, it’s much easier to build a scalable and secure
system, as Web2 has already proven. Prioritize scalability by sacrificing on
your consensus mechanism and you have a pointless, unsafe, decentralized
blockchain. Solving the Blockchain trilemma is incredibly complex and has been
an ongoing challenge for the last decade.

#### **Boosting Throughput: Multiple Approaches**

Over the years, many solutions have been addressed to solve the Ethereum
blockchain trilemma. A popular suggestion is to build bigger blocks or blocks
per second. While it may seem like a good idea, it intensifies demands on
blockchain nodes and validators/miners for consensus, leading to increased
centralization. It also slows reorgs, increasing security risks.

An alternative is creating a side-chain to reduce the load of the main chain,
as seen with the Polygon network. This system involves security tradeoffs as
it relies on a weaker consensus than Ethereum (less market cap). While it may
suit specific use cases, it often leads to centralization and does not fully
address Ethereum’s scalability issues. And anyway, it’s still far away from
the tens of thousands requests needed to run a Visa-like system.

#### **Layer 2s & Sharding: Solutions To Ethereum’s Scalability Challenges? **

**Sharding and Layer 2s** are widely seen as the best options for Ethereum to
scale while preserving the blockchain trilemma.  

On the one hand, **blockchain sharding** has long been considered as the key
to scalability in the blockchain world. It was the main feature of Eth2.0 in
2019 with the move to the BLS signature scheme, PoS consensus mechanism, and
the implementation of eWASM. On the other hand, **Layer 2s** have seen rapid
advancement through ongoing research in roll-up mechanisms. Let’s explore the
current state of these two competing approaches and what their future may
hold.

#### **How Does Blockchain Sharding Work?  **

The term sharding stems from database science where we partition horizontally
a database into smaller, manageable pieces called shards. Each shard is a
separate database that contains a data subset. Sharding is used to scale
databases by distributing data and queries across multiple servers, allowing
the database to handle a larger volume of data without needing a single,
powerful server.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/Screenshot-2023-03-01-at-16.47.55.png)

#### ** **

This idea of leveraging sharding on blockchains quickly became popular among
developers. Blockchain sharding divides the network into smaller sub-networks
called shards, and shards enable processing transactions in parallel. In a
sharded blockchain, each shard is a separate chain that operates
independently. This means that each node, miner/validator can focus on a given
shard to create a local consensus. First, it allows transactions to be
processed in parallel. Second, each shard has fewer transactions to manage.
Sounds perfect, so what’s the catch?

#### **Sharding Challenges: Consensus, Cross-Shard Communication & Security**

**With blockchain sharding, it’s not easy to define the overall consensus.**
What is the network’s global consensus? Is it the union of each local
consensus?  How and where do you anchor these local consensus to create a
global one that anyone can trust? Such questions are not easy to answer.

**Another significant challenge to implementing sharding is cross-shard
communication.** When it comes to databases, you don’t have this issue since
data is split over different shards, enabling you to read or write them
independently without real problems. When it comes to blockchain shards
executing code, this is much more complex. Each shard must be able to run its
own code, consult the state of a different shard, and execute code on another.
This is not trivial.

**This sharding difficulty also relates to the problem of** **security**. This
issue has been studied by experts and different sharding schemes have been
considered prone to [many new forms of
attacks](https://eprint.iacr.org/2021/1276.pdf). First of all, it simply
questions the consensus mechanism. If you have 10 shards, and miners are
distributed per shard, taking over one shard is 10 times less costly than
taking over the overall blockchain. Schematically, the 51% attack translates
into 5.1%. One solution to this is to change the consensus mechanism from
Proof of Work to Proof Of Stake. This was the primary motivation for
Ethereum’s transition to Proof Of Stake.

On the _security_ front, the effect of _The Merge_ has been largely debated.
On the _decentralization_ front, the updated Ethereum consensus favored
centralization, given that token ownership determines network control.

Regarding Ethereum’s new consensus, several parameters incentivized
centralization:

  * Running your Ethereum node is not straightforward, requiring resources and uptime. It simply prevents your wallet from implementing it and running on your laptop or even your mobile.

  * The 32 ETH threshold and the fact it’s not possible to unstake until an unknown date created a Pooling and liquid staking where Lido and exchanges took most of the market. Today 4 actors are controlling more than 55% of the coins staked on the Ethereum blockchain (Lido 29.2%, Coinbase 13.1%, Kraken 7.6%, and Binance 6.2%).

All in all, blockchain sharding is an interesting idea for increasing
scalability, but requires complex architecture, specifically when it comes to
defining the overall consensus and implementing an efficient cross-shard
protocol. A lot of work has been done toward these goals, but we’re still far
from implementing them and seizing the impacts on the blockchain trilemma.

#### **Rollups to the rescue**

Rollups compress multiple transactions into a single transaction for Ethereum
to execute, enabling off-chain execution of many transactions with Ethereum’s
security for settlements. There are two main implementations of this idea:

  * Optimistic Rollups, allowing users to issue fraud proofs in case of dispute
  * ZK-Rollups where the L2 network issues validity proofs.

##### **Optimistic Rollups and finality issue:**

Optimistic Rollups have been designed as the most EVM-looking Rollups. They
are optimistic since they assume that users are not submitting fraudulent
transactions, allowing direct blockchain writing.

There is a mechanism using fraud proofs that L2 validators can initialize to
check the off-chain transactions made within a few days (7 days on Optimism).
A valid fraud-proof identifies fraudulent steps in the transaction process,
leading to the reversal of the transaction and a penalty for the approving
validator. This improves transaction throughput while preserving Ethereum’s
mainchain security.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/Screenshot-2023-03-01-at-16.52.50-1024x424.png)

**However, Optimistic Rollups bring a new challenge:** **finality**. With
blockchains, confirmed transactions are considered permanent and irreversible,
but this depends on the consensus mechanism. For instance, PoW chains consider
transactions final when the probability of a reorg is low, and Bitcoin
transactions are final after 6 confirmations. With optimistic rollups,
transactions can be reversed after several days, which creates a finality
challenge and a different tradeoff.

##### **Another kind of rollup: ZK-Rollups**

ZK-Rollups, named for their use of Zero-Knowledge Proof (ZKP) technology such
as SNARKs or STARKs, are another type of Rollup. Since the Zero-knowledge
property is not actually useful, calling them Validity Rollups could be more
accurate.

The Rollup executes a batch of transactions and produces a validity proof,
verified by a smart contract on Ethereum blockchain, that confirms the final
outcome of the transactions. The cryptographic proof is generated using Zero
Knowledge cryptographic primitives.

More broadly, zero-knowledge proofs allow one party (verifier) to demonstrate
possession of certain information to another party (verifier) without
revealing the actual information. The verifier can be confident in the truth
of the verifier’s statement without learning its content.

Originally designed for confidentiality, ZKRollups use zero-knowledge proofs
for a very different purpose: compression and trusted computing. The two
leading zero-knowledge technologies are zk-STARKs (stands for a zero-knowledge
scalable transparent argument of knowledge) and zk-SNARKs (stands for a zero-
knowledge succinct non-interactive argument of knowledge).

##### **Data availability problem for L2:**

As we’ve seen, ZKP technologies ensure the validity of the  L2 state, but the
proof alone doesn’t provide access to the state. To increase throughput,
execution is moved off-chain, but data must still be readily accessible for
reconstruction. To achieve this, transactional data is submitted as calldata
on Ethereum to ensure that the data is available for future reconstruction.
This data could also be stored in trusted decentralized storage such as IPFS
or Arweave allowing anyone to reconstruct the L2 and leveraging the inner
incentives of decentralized storage.

It would be even better to have the capability to store this data on-chain,
but the data only serves to reconstruct the state/truth of the L2 and isn’t
executed, making it an inefficient and expensive use of blockchain capacity.

To address this hurdle, Ethereum devs proposed two EIPs: EIP-4488 and EIP-4844
(good luck avoiding confusion). The first lowers the gas cost for calldata
while the second creates a new transaction type for L2 data storage. This data
is immutable and read-only, and cannot be accessed by the EVM and therefore
cannot be executed.

These EIPs are exactly where the ZKRollup roadmap meets the Execution Sharding
roadmap, both proposing the same concept for different purposes. EIP-4488 aims
to store essential L2 data while EIP-4844, also known as Proto-Danksharding,
is a step towards implementing Danksharding and execution sharding.

##### **Danksharding:**

Danksharding involves dividing large datasets into smaller parts for
separation and processing, often in parallel. This method is used in big data
and AI fields where training sets can be very large.

Proto-danksharding (EIP-4844) does not implement sharding but offers cheaper
calldata storage that could be sharded. This cheaper calldata storage will
greatly improve scalability for Ethereum on L2, potentially making sharding
redundant.

##### **Proto-danksharding:**

With Proto-danksharding, the Ethereum blockchain will have non-scalable
computation and scalable data. And ZkRollups essentially convert this scalable
data and non-scalable but trusted computation into scalable computation.

##### **ZKRollups in the blockchain trilemma:**

ZKRollups have strong scalability benefits without changing underlying
blockchain properties. To verify Zero-Knowledge proof on-chain is the main
requirement, while data availability can be implemented off-chain. In the long
run, one can expect that Layer-1s will become simple, secure, hopefully
decentralized while Layer-2s will provide scalability.

Where’s the catch?

L2 can indeed scale a lot. Nonetheless, to be settled on-chain (on L1), one
needs to produce a proof of validity for the overall state of the L2, causing
centralization issues. Currently, L2 designs have only one prover,  meaning
that they can censor your transactions. They couldn’t really freeze your L1
assets since native bridges are built. The research is ongoing to tackle this
challenge, allowing other parties to be able to emit proofs, but some
difficult questions remain for the arbitration between these proofs. In all
cases this is an important problem to solve for the future.

Starknet has identified this as an [important topic on the
roadmap](https://starknet.io/faq/starknet-participants/), while Arbitrum
divides responsibility between [the sequencer inbox and the delayed inbox
](https://developer.arbitrum.io/sequencer)to ensure funds can be retrieved in
case of censorship.

#### **Closing Thoughts  **

As we’ve examined, scalability can come at a cost to security and
decentralization, while Layer 2 solutions are seen as the most promising ways
to increase scalability without compromising the other aspects of the
blockchain trilemma.

Optimistic and Validity Rollups, using ZKP technology, will be vital in
shaping the future of Ethereum by enabling trustless, complex, and
permissionless transactions at scale. Validity Rollups have a significant
advantage over Optimistic Rollups: short finality. Ethereum’s roadmap has
recently shifted to support these rollups at the blockchain level.

The future of blockchain scalability includes complex DApps running on Layer
2s (or recursive rollups), allowing virtually infinite scalability, with
decentralized and secure layer-1 being given. In the long-term, Layer 1 could
become settlement layers, with the complexity of DApps moved to Layer 2s.

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-from-
ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s
CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 05/28/2024 

Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gaut...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-
from-ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From
Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/%D8%AD%D9%88%D9%84-%D9%85%D8%B3%D8%AA%D9%82%D8%A8%D9%84-%D8%A5%D9%8A%D8%AB%D8%B1%D9%8A%D9%88%D9%85)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/%E8%AE%BA%E4%BB%A5%E5%A4%AA%E5%9D%8A%E7%9A%84%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/reflexions-sur-lavenir-dethereum)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ueber-die-zukunft-von-ethereum)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/%D0%9E-%D0%B1%D1%83%D0%B4%D1%83%D1%89%D0%B5%D0%BC-%D0%AD%D1%84%D0%B8%D1%80%D0%B8%D1%83%D0%BC%D0%B0)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/sobre-el-futuro-de-ethereum)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/ethereum%E3%81%AE%E6%9C%AA%E6%9D%A5%E3%81%AB%E3%81%A4%E3%81%84%E3%81%A6)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/%EC%9D%B4%EB%8D%94%EB%A6%AC%EC%9B%80%EC%9D%98-%EB%AF%B8%EB%9E%98%EC%97%90)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ethereumun-gelecegi-hakkinda)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/sobre-o-futuro-da-ethereum)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

