[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * E) Digital Assets Explained __
  * ... __
  * Digital Assets Beyond Currency

The Classroom

PATHWAY E) Digital Assets Explained

chapter 4/4

# Digital Assets Beyond Currency

Aug 9, 2023 | **Updated Oct 24, 2023**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Digital%20Assets%20Beyond%20Currency&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained&title=Digital%20Assets%20Beyond%20Currency
"Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Digital assets, such as coins and tokens, are primarily know for their use
as an exchanges of value, but, in fact, their use-cases go far beyond that.  
  
— The core features of blockchain, transparency, provenance, security and
decentralization, have important implications for lots of different
industries.  
  
— While many use-cases for digital assets are financial or security-
orientated, they have also spurred innovation in the creative sectors too.  
  
— The Web3 ecosystem is rapidly expanding, with new platforms and new types of
assets for use-cases far beyond mere transfer of currency.  
  
When you think of cryptocurrency, your mind probably runs straight to native
coins of blockchain networks, like BTC for the Bitcoin network.

Of course, this was the initial value proposition a blockchain offered. Put
simply, Satoshi Nakamoto, the founder of Bitcoin, created the network to
facilitate peer-to-peer transfer of monetary value in a truly decentralized
manner. As it is still the most successful and most popular cryptocurrency
today, much of the crypto sphere is still inspired by the Bitcoin network. And
as such, many networks and projects on those networks are primarily concerned
with the transfer of financial assets— it’s no secret that blockchain networks
are rather good at that.

In fact, most of the crypto market today is built with this use-case in mind.
With the rise of DeFi, it’s not just coins on the market now, but tokenized
assets and even financial instruments such as derivatives.

Be that as it may, you may think of crypto purely as currency or an exchange
of monetary value. But the truth is, there are all sorts of crypto assets that
don’t fit neatly into that box. Digital assets have multiple use cases beyond
finance. Some assets even open up the door to new innovations, forging new
pathways for creators.  
  
As Web3 continues to grow and thrive, so do digital assets. So what else can
digital assets offer and how will we use them in the future?

In this article, Ledger Academy will take you through all of the use-cases of
digital assets— beyond currency that is.

Let’s get started.

## Web3 Has a Thriving Ecosystem Beyond Finance

So, before we dive into the digital asset specifics, how did we get here in
the first place? Well, at the core, blockchain tech offers a few key benefits;
namely, provenance, transparency, immutability and ownership. While digital
assets were originally created to facilitate this peer-to-peer transfer, these
core tenets don’t just apply to currency. As such, developers started to find
other uses for the technology.

While Bitcoin was dubbed “digital gold” for its undeniable use as a store of
value, other networks arrived to build on top of this solid base to create
something a little different. For example, the Ethereum network, at its
inception, offered the same kind of store of value as Bitcoin but with another
interesting benefit: Exchange of value including conditions.

Put simply, the Ethereum network was the first to support smart contracts, a
sort of computer program with self-executable code. This opened the door to
multiple different asset classes and blockchain use-cases that go much further
than just exchange of monetary value.

Smart contracts offered new digital identity solutions, decentralized
governance mechanisms and even fueled a creator economy,  allowing creators to
take ownership of their own marketing, distribution and more. To explain,
NFTs, DAOs and even blockchain games are all thanks to this core piece of
technology.

But these important assets are just the beginning. As blockchain technology
advances, the potential use cases continue to expand. Web3 is continuously
evolving and adapting, and so are blockchain use cases.

So why and how is blockchain facilitating this movement?

## Digital Assets On The Blockchain Offer Ownership

To explain, blockchain networks allow for ownership in a way that was not
previously possible with web2, otherwise known as the internet. Using a non-
custodial wallet means you own the private key associated with that account.
In short, only you can manage the digital assets stored at that address. That
may not sound like a big deal, but it has important implications for countless
digital industries.

For example, you may be familiar with online games such as League of Legends.
In these types of games, the in-game items (such as skins) cost real money.
However, in League of Legends, you don’t actually own that skin you bought.
That’s because the item is only available within that game, and you can’t
transfer it or sell it unless you sell your whole account.

This is where blockchain networks come in. Since the network is decentralized
and the tokens upon it are interoperable, it means projects can release in-
game items that can be sold and transferred on any platform on that network.
In short, it allows you to truly own and manage those assets. If you decide
not to play that specific game, you can sell the assets for real usable
currencies. Put simply, decentralization and true ownership favors the user
over the platform that issues the assets.

But, in fact, this use-case goes far beyond in-game items and skins. This
ownership model provides a much more appealing use-case for the end user for
many other industries too. Let’s see how that works.

## Crypto Is Revolutionizing The Art Scene

Of course, you can’t talk about creative digital assets without mentioning
[NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft). The NFT movement traces
back almost a decade when Kevin McCoy minted ‘Quantum’ in 2014. But it wasn’t
until March 11, 2021, when Beeple’s “Everydays: The First 5000 Days” fetched a
staggering $69.3 million, sparking the NFT art bull run. Iconic sales followed
suit, like Edward Snowden’s “Stay Free” for $5 million and
[CryptoPunk](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-cryptopunks-nfts) #7523
for $11 million. [Generative art](https://www.ledger.com/academy/generative-
art-the-artists-defining-the-space) simultaneously emerged as a dominant
force, creating unique and unpredictable art through code, algorithms, and
randomness. Art Blocks and fxhash led the way as popular platforms for
generative art NFTs.

So, what drives the popularity of digital collectibles? Well, smart contracts
played a vital role in NFTs’ popularity. Smart contracts enable artists to
receive royalties and cut out the middleman. With each NFT sale, the attached
smart contract automatically calculates and sends the royalty percentage to
the artist’s crypto wallet. This revolutionary system empowers artists,
allowing them to collect on-chain royalties indefinitely. NFTs have
transformed the art world, opening new possibilities for creators and
reshaping the art market.

## Web3 Allows You To Build A Representative Digital Identity

As the NFT scene grew, so did the popularity of Web3 domain names. Creators,
artists, and supporters began to share their lives online, and so developed
rich digital identities. Think about it – how many influencers and artists do
you know from their PFP alone? Using decentralized systems we can build
representative [digital identities](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
digital-identity) on-chain. Let’s see how this works

### Decentralized Identifiers and Verifiable Credentials

Firstly, your blockchain address acts as a decentralized identifier. In short,
a decentralized identifier is a unique digital address that represents your
digital identity. In short, it lets you share information without relying on
centralized entities. Using this, you can share only the information you need
to, without revealing any other sensitive identifiers. A key feature of a
decentralized identifier is it must be fully owned by the user. This means
that only non-custodial wallets can be used with this purpose in mind. From
there, you can use this address to store and manage verifiable credentials.

But what are verifiable credentials exactly? Well, while your degree or
professional certifications may be issued on paper for now, the future is a
lot more digital. Using blockchain tech and decentralized identifiers,
organizations can now issue certifications in blockchain form and these are
known as verifiable credentials. Instead of hosting the information in a
closed-off network only the issuing board can verify, verifiable credentials
are verifiable by everyone! To clarify, since the blockchain is fully
transparent, anyone could look up your grade or verify your knowledge on that
specific subject. Of course, this is much more decentralized and tamper-proof
than using the internet or traditional digital storage systems.

### Soulbound Tokens

When talking about certifications, it’s impossible not to mention [soulbound
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-soulbound-
token). Soulbound tokens are a specific type of NFT which are non-
transferable. In short, these NFTs will only ever be issued to a single
wallet. Since they are linked to specific wallet addresses, they serve as
unique identifiers of a crypto user’s digital identity. Their non-transferable
properties are a game-changer for certifications, degrees or access passes.
For example, you could issue a degree certificate as a soulbound token. Even
your passport could one day become a soulbound token. That way, you could
never lose it!

Today, one of the best examples of soulbound tokens is ZenAcademy’s student
IDs. These student IDs allow the holders access to token-gated content and
serve as community identifiers for other users in the ecosystem.

### Web3 Domains

But digital assets relating to identity go much further than just
certification. You may have noticed that your blockchain address, or
“decentralized identifier” is not exactly understandable at first glance. In
an effort to change that, web3 domains came along.

Web3 domains, also known as decentralized domain names, simplify blockchain
address identification. To explain – these Web3 domain services take long
blockchain addresses, and link them to short, readable names. So, instead of a
string of numbers and letters (like 0xCDur4f880Wj098Db08838c7A82dL81n2xD0),
you can name your account something short and memorable, like LDGR.eth or
LDGR.tez.

As such, these domains form a crucial part of your digital identity. Ethereum
Name Service (ENS) and Tezos Domains exemplify these services.
[ENS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-name-service-ens), on
the Ethereum blockchain, utilizes smart contracts to translate complex
identifiers into readable names. Then, [Tezos
Domains](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-tezos-domain) does the same
on the Tezos network, turning lengthy addresses into human-readable
identifiers.

### Crypto Avatars and NFT PFPs

But your digital identity doesn’t stop there. NFT profile pictures also offer
web3 enthusiasts a way to differentiate themselves. That’s because many NFT
projects offer holders the commercial rights to the [NFT’s intellectual
property](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-commercial-rights-explained)
(IP). To explain, NFTs giving out these rights give holders a chance to create
a whole brand from that single NFT’s likeness. This first gained prominence
with Bored Ape Yacht Club launching the “Made by Apes” platform, offering on-
chain licensing to register Ape-centric products and businesses. Then,
Deadfellaz also introduced “Streamingfellaz,” empowering their holders” to
embody their digital identities through video streaming on popular platforms.
These are just two examples of projects using intellectual property rights to
offer a way to identify themselves in the digital realm.

## Decentralized Digital Gaming Assets Are Much More Interesting

Beyond art and identity, digital assets are also revolutionizing the gaming
scene. Today, gaming is a mammoth industry. However, what really drives the
industry is in-game sales. It is predicted that in 2025, the market value of
in-game purchases will be greater than $74.4 billion US dollars.

With traditional gaming, in-game assets are only usable in the game that they
originate from. So, if you buy a skin in Fortnite, you can only use it in
Fortnite. If you stop playing the game, then the asset becomes useless.
However, [blockchain is revolutionizing the gaming
industry](https://www.ledger.com/academy/6-reasons-why-nfts-matter-for-gamers)
with NFTs and in-game tokens. With the ability to turn your in-game items into
NFTs, you can truly own your inventory. Players can sell, trade, or use their
gaming assets. Plus, due to the transparency of the blockchain, buyers can be
confident that they are purchasing legitimate items.

But it’s not just items, blockchain games also use crypto tokens or coins as
their in-game currencies. That means that you can actually swap these
currencies for [fiat currencies](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/fiat)
such as dollars or euros—leading to the creation of a new innovative concept:
Play to earn. With play-to-earn games, your digital assets, such as in-game
currency or items represent real value.

## Digital Assets Power Decentralized Governance Methods

So we have discussed art, identity, and gaming, but what else are digital
assets for?  Well, another popular use case for crypto coins and tokens beyond
currency is decentralized governance. For instance,  DAOs ([Decentralised
Autonomous Organizations](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-
dao)) are essentially on-chain governance systems. To put it simply, DAOs are
like traditional systems, but without one central authority figure in charge.
Instead, they are fully decentralized. DAOs use digital assets – like coins or
tokens – to create decentralized governance models. Plus, the amount of the
DAO native asset that you hold determines how much voting power you have
within the DAO. By using these digital assets as votes, DAOs can decide on
proposals without the need for a centralized identity.  Moreover, the
transparency of the system ensures accountability within the organization.
Good use cases for these types of organizations include crowdfunding, treasury
management, and more.  
  
Nouns DAO is one of the most popular DAOs. It is a community-owned brand, and
Nouns (digital assets) govern the DAO. Nouns are NFTs on the Ethereum
blockchain, and one noun is auctioned off every 24 hours, forever. Nouns
govern Nouns DAO, and holders can vote on proposals, delegate their vote to a
third party, and submit their own proposals. The NounsDAO community has funded
a range of projects, from a comic books series, to a collaboration with the
Australian Open. Now, they have become the first DAO to fund an animated film
– “The Rise of Blus: A Nouns Movie”.  

## Digital Assets For Digital and Physical Experiences

But digital assets are not just for art or decentralized voting either. They
can also help build digital communities. These tokens are useful for all sorts
of online communities, from art enthusiasts to crypto trading groups, even to
celebrity fan clubs.

So how on earth does that work?

### Token-Gated Communities

Many online communities have token-gated digital groups, like ‘holder-only’
channels in Discord servers. Discord bots verify NFT ownership, granting
appropriate access to the community. A good example of this is the Cool Cats’
project, which token-gates certain text channels for text, voice and
giveaways.

Another good example of this use-case is ticketmaster. Ticketmaster now allows
users to token-gate real-life and online events using NFTs. So, say you wanted
to create an event which only holders of a specific NFT could buy tickets to;
Ticketmaster now has a tool to make that a reality.

### NFT Ticketing

In the same vein, NFTs can now represent tickets themselves. To explain, the
ticketing industry has undergone many transformations, from lining up at
ticket booths, to online ordering, and now NFT ticketing. So how does it work
exactly?

Well, NFTs grant physical access to events by serving as digital event tickets
stored on a blockchain. This new type of ticketing is beneficial for both
organizers and attendees. Event organizers can track attendance and engage
with ticket holders in innovative ways. NFT ticket holders receive an
interactive digital asset that not only grants them entry to the event but
also access to exclusive experiences and perks. Plus, the NFT ticket is a
collectible memory of the event.

### Fan Tokens

Fan clubs date back to the 1930s, and now, [fan
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/academy/will-fan-tokens-redefine-sports-
engagement) are revolutionizing the entertainment industry. Digital asset
tokens allow public figures to engage with their supporters. With fan tokens,
owners can gain access to exclusive content, merchandise, and experiences.
Also fan tokens ensure secure and transparent interactions without
compromising sensitive information or requiring risky logins. Perhaps the most
exciting part of digital fan tokens is the ability to gamify content. Fans can
now earn rewards, deepening their connection with their favorite teams or
celebrities.

 A good example of fan tokens include the Deathbats, Avenged Sevenfold’s NFT
fan club tokens. Using NFTs, the band offers exclusive content and events to
their most dedicated fans. Another good example is
[Sorare](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-sorare). Sorare is a fantasy
sports platform, where you can buy, sell, play, and trade digital player
cards. Years ago we had sports sticker albums, now we have digital trading
cards, which you can use to enter in tournaments against other Sorare
managers. Plus, you can even earn prizes in free-to-play games!

### NFTs as Memories

In addition to ticketing, NFTs can also serve as memories by marking moments
in time. For example, [POAP](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-poap)
offers digital badges that prove event attendance. The event could be anything
from an in-person panel, to a community meet-up, or an online quiz.  
These NFT memories link people with specific moments in their lives.

## Digital Assets Of The Future

So, while digital assets are often associated immediately with finance, it’s
clear their use-cases go far beyond that. Digital assets are so much more than
finance alone. From art, to digital identity, and even governance, digital
assets have a dynamic landscape.

 From the revolutionary impact of NFTs on the art scene to building
representative digital identities, and from transforming gaming assets to
offering decentralized governance solutions, the potential is boundless.
Still, we have only scratched the surface. More exciting and novel use cases
emerge every day. In fact, a plaintiff has even served a court case via an
NFT!

There is so much more to the Web3 ecosystem than just buying, holding, or
trading cryptocurrencies._The future is on-chain._

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Digital%20Assets%20Beyond%20Currency&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained&title=Digital%20Assets%20Beyond%20Currency
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-token-approvals-explained)

[Ethereum Token Approvals Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-
token-approvals-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

[What Is Injective (INJ)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-smart-contracts-and-apps-do-they-
even-exist)

[Bitcoin Smart Contracts and Apps: Do They Even
Exist?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-smart-contracts-and-apps-do-
they-even-exist)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-token-gating)

[What Is Token Gating?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-
token-gating)

__Read

9 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-multisig-wallet)

[What Is a Multisig Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-
multisig-wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-tezos-domain)

[What Is a Tezos Domain and Do I Need
One?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-tezos-domain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/metaverse/what-is-the-otherside-
metaverse)

[What Is the Otherside
Metaverse?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/metaverse/what-is-the-
otherside-metaverse)

__Read

8 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/understanding-ethereum-
virtual-machine-evm)

[Understanding Ethereum Virtual Machine
(EVM)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/understanding-ethereum-
virtual-machine-evm)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-blockchain-
oracle)

[What Is a Blockchain
Oracle?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-a-
blockchain-oracle)

__Read

7 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A52%20GMT&n=0&b=Digital%20Assets%20Beyond%20Currency%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)
![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=203196b9-960d-4510-8bb2-e1b6e111a498&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a99d5c5e-1a07-4f68-a12a-8137ee75c8e8&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-
explained&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=203196b9-960d-4510-8bb2-e1b6e111a498&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a99d5c5e-1a07-4f68-a12a-8137ee75c8e8&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-
explained&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=d069d87a-e20e-46fa-8073-a1ae57ff987a&sid=124319801cfd11efacde53efbabfa078&vid=124324401cfd11ef84cd4160ac109711&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Digital%20Assets%20Beyond%20Currency%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fdigital-
assets-beyond-currency-explained&r=&lt=2672&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=870878)

