[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[FAQ](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[Litepaper](/litepaper)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

# AML/CTF Policy

Last Updated: Jun 25, 2023

## **Australian Anti-Money Laundering (AML)/Counter-Terrorism Financing
(CTF)**

Cube acknowledges the inherent risk that its platform, like all cryptocurrency
providers, may be exploited for money laundering and terrorism financing
purposes. To effectively address and minimize this risk, Cube has implemented
comprehensive training, robust mitigating controls, and streamlined processes
that fully adhere to the AML/CTF legislation regulated by AUSTRAC. These
measures are in place to safeguard the integrity of the industry, maintain the
reputation of our business, and fulfill our role as a responsible corporate
entity operating in Australia and Globally.

## **Background**

This Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and Counter-Terrorist Financing (CTF) Policy
outlines the measures and procedures implemented by Cube to ensure compliance
with the regulations set forth by the Australian Transaction Reports and
Analysis Centre (AUSTRAC) for the prevention of money laundering and terrorist
financing activities. Cube is committed to conducting thorough customer due
diligence, monitoring transactions, reporting suspicious activities, and
maintaining records.

## **Message from the Board**

Cube Group Inc is committed to preventing, detecting and deterring Money
Laundering and Terrorist financing and has a zero-tolerance policy in regards
to Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing. To accomplish this, Cube Group
Inc implemented a culture where it is the responsibility of every employee in
the company to comply with Cube Group Inc AML/CTF program and all related
legislations administered and enforced by Australian regulators.

## **AUSTRAC (Australian Transaction Reports and Analysis Centre)**

Is the Australian Government agency responsible for detecting, deterring and
disrupting criminal abuse of the financial system to protect the community
from serious and organized crime.

## **Money laundering defined**

Money laundering is defined as the process used to disguise, or attempt to
disguise, the source of funds or assets derived/sourced from criminal or
illicit activity.

3 typical stages of the process:

  * Placement: initial deposit of proceeds of crime into the financial system, placement may or may not include the predicate offense from which illicit funds were derived.
  * Layering: conducting multiple transactions and/or transfers to convert illicit funds to another form and obfuscate the true source/original placement. Layering may include transferring the value from one vehicle/object to another including purchase of high value assets (jewelry, vehicles, property) and multiple money transfers from one instrument to another (money orders, checks, bearer bonds, prepaid cards, etc.). Multiple BTC or other crypto transactions between related wallets is a perfect example of layering.
  * Integration – withdrawal or conversion of the funds to a “clean” form.

## **Terrorist Financing Defined**

Terrorist financing is the application of funds/assets, whether legitimately
derived or not, to fund terrorist activities and organizations. Funds may be
sourced from donations, real business activities, AND from criminal sources
such as drug/human trafficking and other illicit industries.

Please reach out to
[compliance@cube.exchange](mailto:compliance@cube.exchange) for any questions
or concerns.

The latest AML/CTF Policy changes were made on Jun 25, 2023

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

