[![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logosymbol.e32f55d5.svg)](/)

Build![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[HotspotsBuild the network and mine HNT](/mine)

[TokenExplore HNT and Data Credits](/token)

[Helium 5GDeploy 5G Coverage on Helium](/5G)

Use IoT![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[CommercialConnect your devices to the Network](/commercial)

[RoamAdd our coverage to yours](/roam)

[SolutionsDiscover solutions built on Helium](/solutions)

[Developer DocumentationTechnical Information, FAQ and
Support](https://docs.helium.com)

[Featured ProductsIOT sensors from popular manufacturers](/featured-products)

Resources![Down arrow](/_next/static/media/navarrow.68f4a5a0.svg)

[BlogRead our news and announcements](https://blog.helium.com)

[Helium ExplorerNetwork Map](https://explorer.helium.com)

[CommunityJoin the Helium Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

![Menu](/_next/static/media/menuwhite.97522b9f.svg)

![Cross](/_next/static/media/cross.97e56514.svg)

Build ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Hotspots](/mine)[Token](/token)[Helium 5G](/5G)

Use IoT ![Diagonal Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Commercial](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Solutions](/solutions)[Developer
Documentation](https://docs.helium.com)[Featured Products](/featured-products)

Resources ![Diagonal Down
Arrow](/_next/static/media/dropdownarrow.10ee975b.svg)

[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Helium
Explorer](https://explorer.helium.com)[Community](https://discord.gg/helium)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Case Studies](/stories)

# Roam with us.

## Expand Network Coverage with Roaming on the Helium Network

Win new markets and increase coverage density without the cost of additional
gateway infrastructure.

![Senet
Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsenetlogo.b81ec7cf.png&w=384&q=75)![Actility
Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Factility.0642117a.png&w=384&q=75)![X-Telia
Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fxtelia.850f2bbf.png&w=384&q=75)![Techtenna
Logo](/_next/static/media/techtenna.98ba6037.svg)![SkyNet
Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fskynet-logo-
white.7ad77ef7.png&w=384&q=75)

![Down Arrow](/_next/static/media/bouncingarrow.52fb19b2.svg)

# What is Roaming?

Read more about the [
Senet](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220420005137/en/Senet-and-the-
Helium-Network-Expand-Integration-to-Deliver-LoRaWAN-Connectivity-and-Managed-
Network-Services-Globally), [Actility](https://blog.helium.com/actility-and-
helium-announce-roaming-integration-to-drive-enterprise-adoption-
globally-e09771311035), [X-TELIA](https://blog.helium.com/now-roaming-in-
canada-with-x-telia-helium-partnership-6a253dd58d8a), and
[Techtenna](https://medium.com/@Jacob_Swinn/2761325eb8c3?source=friends_link&sk=510c79fe4c294d9c26dfd56411bb850f)
roaming partnerships on the Helium Network.

![Roaming Icon](/_next/static/media/roaming1.19d81a76.svg)

##### Combined Coverage

Roaming enables different LoRAWAN networks to combine coverage, providing more
connectivity for compatible sensors and devices.

![Roaming Icon](/_next/static/media/roaming1.19d81a76.svg)

##### For all Devices

Roaming on LoRa networks can be utilized by both mobile devices and fixed,
stationary devices.

![Roaming Icon](/_next/static/media/roaming1.19d81a76.svg)

##### No more dropped Packets

Without roaming partnerships, traffic seen by other public and private LoRaWAN
networks is dropped.

# Benefits of a Roaming Partnership with Helium

Interest in roaming with Helium?  
[Find out more.](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)

![Purple CheckMark](/_next/static/media/purpletick.644505a3.svg)

Utilize the global coverage of the rapidly-expanding Helium Network without
the need to deploy additional hardware infrastructure or increase upfront
costs

![Purple CheckMark](/_next/static/media/purpletick.644505a3.svg)

See immediate ROI while leveraging existing LoRaWAN network server
infrastructure

![Purple CheckMark](/_next/static/media/purpletick.644505a3.svg)

Hotspot owners also benefit from roaming partnerships on Helium by earning
more HNT from the increased amount of data transfer

## "Senet and the Helium Network are in a leading position to move the market
a step closer to pervasive low power wide area network coverage for IoT
applications throughout the United States."

Bruce Chatterley | CEO of Senet

[![Senet
Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsenetlogo.b81ec7cf.png&w=384&q=75)](https://blog.helium.com/announcing-
helium-roaming-partnership-with-senet-to-connect-billions-of-iot-devices-
db373e067b77)

* * *

## "The growth of the Helium Network has been explosive. By creating a roaming
integration with the Helium Network, we are now able to offer any LoRaWAN
network, public or private, access to this coverage, enabling them to deploy
applications in more markets faster with low cost and less hassle...

Alper Yegin | VP of Advanced Technology Development, Actility

[![Actility
Logo](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Factility.0642117a.png&w=384&q=75)](https://blog.helium.com/actility-
and-helium-announce-roaming-integration-to-drive-enterprise-adoption-
globally-e09771311035)

## Why Helium?

# The world's largest contiguous wireless network, with nearly 1 million
Hotspots deployed in over 50,000 cities and 175 countries

[![Search Icon with 'View Network Map'
Text](/_next/static/media/viewmap.bec584cb.svg)](https://explorer.helium.com)

Browse our rapidly-growing ecosystem of community tools, solution providers
and network users

[View the Helium Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

Discover how Helium is changing the way key verticals operate today.

[View Helium Solutions](/solutions)

Are you looking to use the Network? Begin your journey here.

[Start using the Network](/commercial)

## Want to learn about roaming on the Helium Network?

Contact the Ecosystem to learn more about roaming on the Helium Network.

I want to...Connect devices to the NetworkBuild the Network & mine HNTDo both
of the aboveDiscuss Roaming Agreements/Partnerships

## Get Ecosystem Updates to Your Inbox

* * *

##### Learn

[Home](/)[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)[Solutions](/solutions)[Blog](https://blog.helium.com)[Whitepaper](http://whitepaper.helium.com)

##### Get Involved

[Mine](/mine)[Use](/commercial)[Roam](/roam)[Switch from 3G](/switch)[HNT and
Data Credits](/token)[Developers](https://docs.helium.com)[Helium Mobile](/5G)

##### Social

[Discord](https://discord.gg/helium)[Twitter](https://twitter.com/helium)[Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/heliumsystems)[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/heliuminc)[Github](https://github.com/helium)[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/c/HeliumInc)[Reddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/HeliumNetwork)[Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/helium/)

##### Get in Touch

[hello@helium.foundation](mailto:hello@helium.foundation)[press@helium.foundation](mailto:press@helium.foundation)

* * *

![Helium Logo](/_next/static/media/logo-horizontalwhite.ecf69e9c.svg)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy)[Website Terms](/website-terms)

