[![Logo](https://build.staratlas.com/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1689566151-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252Fr7ZiGN2LM1O6jHUxXhof%252Flogo%252FcLrsvmuV3GOV5RHXxXPN%252FIcon%2520for%2520Square%2520Layout.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8ad249a3-2c22-43bc-a68b-29aabb2dac12&width=192&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=0b6c14c858f1f1357374c877fe0e7301e7b046ad145581147aa1f81fc127325e)![Logo](https://build.staratlas.com/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1689566151-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252Fr7ZiGN2LM1O6jHUxXhof%252Flogo%252FcLrsvmuV3GOV5RHXxXPN%252FIcon%2520for%2520Square%2520Layout.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D8ad249a3-2c22-43bc-a68b-29aabb2dac12&width=192&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=0b6c14c858f1f1357374c877fe0e7301e7b046ad145581147aa1f81fc127325e)](/)

[ staratlas.com](https://www.staratlas.com)[
play.staratlas.com](https://play.staratlas.com)[
DAO](https://govern.staratlas.com)[ Knowledge
Base](https://support.staratlas.com/knowledge)

SearchCtrl \+ K

  * [Star Atlas Build: Resources for Builders](/)

  * Creative Assets

    * [Building With Star Atlas Creative IP](/creative-assets/building-with-star-atlas-creative-ip)

      * [The Star Atlas Canon](/creative-assets/building-with-star-atlas-creative-ip/the-star-atlas-canon)

      * [Star Atlas: Powered by the People](/creative-assets/building-with-star-atlas-creative-ip/star-atlas-powered-by-the-people)

      * [User Services Requirements](/creative-assets/building-with-star-atlas-creative-ip/user-services-requirements)

      * [Royalties](/creative-assets/building-with-star-atlas-creative-ip/royalties)

    * [Forms](/creative-assets/forms)

      * [Creators Form](/creative-assets/forms/creators-form)

      * [Royalty Form (Coming Soon)](/creative-assets/forms/royalty-form-coming-soon)

  * Dev Resources

    * [Approach and Philosophy](/dev-resources/approach-and-philosophy)

    * [Mainnet Program IDs](/dev-resources/mainnet-program-ids)

    * [APIs and Data](/dev-resources/apis-and-data)

      * [Data Source](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/data-source)

      * [SAGE](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/sage)

      * [Cargo](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/cargo)

      * [Crafting](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/crafting)

      * [Profile Faction](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/profile-faction)

      * [Player Profile](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/player-profile)

      * [Atlas Prime](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/atlas-prime)

      * [Claim Stakes](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/claim-stakes)

      * [Factory](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/factory)

      * [Galaxy API](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/galaxy-api)

        * [Items](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/galaxy-api/items)

        * [Tokens](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/galaxy-api/tokens)

        * [Showroom](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/galaxy-api/showroom)

      * [Galactic Marketplace](/dev-resources/apis-and-data/galactic-marketplace)

    * [On-Chain Game Systems](/dev-resources/on-chain-game-systems)

      * [Player Profile](/dev-resources/on-chain-game-systems/player-profile)

      * [Galactic Marketplace](/dev-resources/on-chain-game-systems/galactic-marketplace)

        * [Fees](/dev-resources/on-chain-game-systems/galactic-marketplace/fees)

      * [Faction Fleet](/dev-resources/on-chain-game-systems/faction-fleet)

    * [Program Security](/dev-resources/program-security)

    * [Unreal Engine Tooling](/dev-resources/unreal-engine-tooling)

      * [How To Setup F-Kit in Your Project](/dev-resources/unreal-engine-tooling/how-to-setup-f-kit-in-your-project)

      * [How To Use F-Kit Blueprints](/dev-resources/unreal-engine-tooling/how-to-use-f-kit-blueprints)

      * [F-Kit - Documentation](/dev-resources/unreal-engine-tooling/f-kit-documentation)

  * Legal

    * [Terms of Service](/legal/terms-of-service)

    * [Privacy Policy](/legal/privacy-policy)

    * [Disclaimers](/legal/disclaimers)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=r7ZiGN2LM1O6jHUxXhof)

![Page cover
image](https://build.staratlas.com/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1689566151-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252Fr7ZiGN2LM1O6jHUxXhof%252Fuploads%252F4WwmaxRMfiezOQLYXbR8%252F16x9-Opt7-B.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D3d69c716-4354-4c7e-9454-8e629939134f&width=1248&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=28260513979b34c2959b933d6135426d14ff0fc4dabbb6022e2e27a351289712)

# Star Atlas Build: Resources for Builders

Star Atlas is Powered by Builders & Devs Like You

##

Welcome, builders!

Star Atlas is many things--from a fully decentralized gaming experience built
on top of the Solana blockchain to an expansive galaxy full of new species,
characters, ships, and adventures. It is an immersive metaverse gaming
experience and more.

While ATMTA, Inc. is a developer of Star Atlas, it is not the only one.
Countless others have joined us in developing various aspects of Star Atlas,
including software that works with Star Atlas NFTs, blockchain analytics
tools, websites, guides, video reviews, 2D and 3D gaming experiences,
merchandise, and more.

We are looking for even more builders and entrepreneurs--from software devs to
artists and writers and beyond.

No matter what your skill set or what your idea is, this site will help you
get started on your journey to start building your own vision for Star Atlas.

####

Learn More About Star Atlas

Resource Name| Link  
---|---  
White Paper| <https://staratlas.com/assets/pdfs/white-paper.pdf>  
Economics Paper| <https://staratlas.com/assets/pdfs/economics-paper.pdf>  
Governance Framework| <https://staratlas.com/assets/pdfs/sustainable-
governance.pdf>  
  
##

What can you find at build.staratlas.com?

This site hosts resources for builders in two main categories:

First, we have placed creative assets--art, logos, audiovisual assets--into
the [**Star Atlas Canon**](/creative-assets/building-with-star-atlas-creative-
ip), which is a repository for various intellectual property assets that you
can use as a starting point for your own creations. Subject to some
requirements described in the [**Creative Assets**](/creative-assets/building-
with-star-atlas-creative-ip) section, whether you are making board games,
software, media, merch, whatever--you can actually _**monetize**_ your
creations as well!

Second, we have put together technical documentation for developers across
several categories in the [**Dev Resources**](/dev-resources/approach-and-
philosophy) section. From our APIs to on-chain programs, these docs will help
you leverage every aspect of the Star Atlas technical ecosystem to create your
own experience.

##

Feedback Appreciated!

Please note that this page is a work in progress and depends on feedback from
builders like you. Come find us in the #Build section of the [Star Atlas
Discord](https://discord.gg/staratlas) and we will build the future of the
decentralized metaverse together.

[NextBuilding With Star Atlas Creative IP](/creative-assets/building-with-
star-atlas-creative-ip)

Last updated 8 months ago

On this page

  * Welcome, builders!
  * What can you find at build.staratlas.com?
  * Feedback Appreciated!

Was this helpful?

