Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# How to stake your ETH

## Earn rewards while securing Ethereum

Any user with any amount of ETH can help secure the network and earn rewards
in the process.

![Image of the Rhino mascot for the staking
launchpad.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fupgrade_rhino.06589fe8.png&w=1920&q=75)

`32,205,691`

Total ETH staked

`1,006,509`

Total validators

`3.5%`

Current APR

Staking Options

[Staking home](/en/staking/)[Solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)[Staking as a
service](/en/staking/saas/)[Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)[About
withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)[Distributed validator
tech](/en/staking/dvt/)

## On this page

  * What is staking?
  * Why stake your ETH?
  * How to stake your ETH
  * Comparison of staking options
  * Join the staker community
  * FAQ
  * Further reading

## What is staking?

Staking is the act of depositing 32 ETH to activate _validator_ software. As a
validator you‚Äôll be responsible for storing data, processing transactions, and
adding new _blocks_ to the blockchain. This will keep Ethereum secure for
everyone and earn you new ETH in the process.

## Why stake your ETH?

![üí∞](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4b0.svg)

### Earn rewards

Rewards are given for actions that help the network reach _consensus_. You'll
get rewards for running software that properly batches transactions into new
blocks and checks the work of other validators because that's what keeps the
chain running securely.

![üõ°Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6e1.svg)

### Better security

The network gets stronger against attacks as more ETH is staked, as it then
requires more ETH to control a majority of the network. To become a threat,
you would need to hold the majority of validators, which means you'd need to
control the majority of ETH in the system‚Äìthat's a lot!

![üçÉ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f343.svg)

### More sustainable

Stakers don't need to do energy-intensive proof-of-work computations to
participate in securing the network meaning staking nodes can run on
relatively modest hardware using very little energy.

[More on Ethereum's energy consumption](/en/energy-consumption/)

## How to stake your ETH

It all depends on how much you are willing to stake. You'll need 32 ETH to
activate your own validator, but it is possible to stake less.

Check out the options below and go for the one that is best for you, and for
the network.

## Solo home staking

 _Most impactful_

Full control

Full rewards

Trustless

Solo staking on Ethereum is the gold standard for staking. It provides full
participation rewards, improves the decentralization of the network, and never
requires trusting anyone else with your funds.

Those considering solo staking should have at least 32 ETH and a dedicated
computer connected to the internet ~24/7. Some technical know-how is helpful,
but easy-to-use tools now exist to help simplify this process.

[More on solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)

## Staking as a service

Your 32 ETH

Your validator keys

Entrusted node operation

If you don't want or don't feel comfortable dealing with hardware but still
want to stake your 32 ETH, staking-as-a-service options allow you to delegate
the hard part while you earn native block rewards.

These options usually walk you through creating a set of validator
credentials, uploading your signing keys to them, and depositing your 32 ETH.
This allows the service to validate on your behalf.

This method of staking requires a certain level of trust in the provider. To
limit counter-party risk, the keys to withdrawal your ETH are usually kept in
your possession.

[More on staking as a service](/en/staking/saas/)

## Pooled staking

Stake any amount

Earn rewards

Keep it simple

 _Popular_

Several pooling solutions now exist to assist users who do not have or feel
comfortable staking 32 ETH.

Many of these options include what is known as 'liquid staking' which involves
an _ERC-20_ liquidity token that represents your staked ETH.

Liquid staking enables easy and anytime exiting and makes staking as simple as
a token swap. This option also allows users to hold custody of their assets in
their own Ethereum _wallet_.

Pooled staking is not native to the Ethereum network. Third parties are
building these solutions, and they carry their own risks.

[More on pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)

## Centralized exchanges

 _Least impactful_

Highest trust assumptions

Many centralized exchanges provide staking services if you are not yet
comfortable holding ETH in your own wallet. They can be a fallback to allow
you to earn some yield on your ETH holdings with minimal oversight or effort.

The trade-off here is that centralized providers consolidate large pools of
ETH to run large numbers of validators. This can be dangerous for the network
and its users as it creates a large centralized target and point of failure,
making the network more vulnerable to attack or bugs.

If you don't feel comfortable holding your own _keys_ , that's okay. These
options are here for you. In the meantime, consider checking out our [wallets
page](/en/wallets/), where you can get started learning how to take true
ownership over your funds. When you're ready, come back and level up your
staking game by trying one of the self-custody pooled staking services
offered.

As you may have noticed, there are many ways to participate in Ethereum
staking. These paths target a wide range of users and ultimately are each
unique and vary in terms of risks, rewards, and trust assumptions. Some are
more decentralized, battle-tested and/or risky than others. We provide some
information on popular projects in the space, but _always do your own
research_ before sending ETH anywhere.

## Comparison of staking options

There is no one-size-fits-all solution for staking, and each is unique. Here
we'll compare some of the risks, rewards and requirements of the different
ways you can stake.

### Solo staking

#### Rewards

  * Maximum rewards - receive full rewards directly from the protocol
  * You'll get rewards for batching transactions into a new block or checking the work of other validators to keep the chain running securely
  * You'll also receive unburnt transaction fees for blocks you propose

#### Risks

  * Your ETH is at stake
  * There are penalties, which cost ETH, for going offline
  * Malicious behavior can result in 'slashing' of larger amounts of ETH and forced ejection from the network

#### Requirements

  * You must deposit 32 ETH
  * Maintain hardware that runs both an Ethereum _execution client_ and _consensus client_ while connected to the internet
  * The [Staking Launchpad(opens in a new tab)](https://holesky.launchpad.ethereum.org) will walk you through the process and hardware requirements

[More on solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)

### Staking as a service

#### Rewards

  * Usually involves full protocol rewards minus monthly fee for node operations
  * Dashboards often available to easily track your validator client

#### Risks

  * Same risks as solo staking plus counter-party risk of service provider
  * Use of your signing keys is entrusted to someone else who could behave maliciously

#### Requirements

  * Deposit 32 ETH and generate your keys with assistance
  * Store your keys securely
  * The rest is taken care of, though specific services will vary

[More on staking as a service](/en/staking/saas/)

### Pooled staking

#### Rewards

  * Pooled stakers accrue rewards differently, depending on which method of pooled staking is chosen
  * Many pooled staking services offer one or more _liquidity tokens_ that represents your staked ETH plus your share of the validator rewards
  * Liquidity tokens can be held in your own wallet, used in _DeFi_ and sold if you decide to exit

#### Risks

  * Risks vary depending on the method used
  * In general, risks consist of a combination of counter-party, _smart contract_ and execution risk

#### Requirements

  * Lowest ETH requirements, some projects require as little as 0.01 ETH
  * Deposit directly from your wallet to different pooled staking platforms or simply trade for one of the staking liquidity tokens

[More on pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)

![Image of the Rhino mascot for the staking
launchpad.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fenterprise-
eth.d2a3f314.png&w=750&q=75)

## Join the staker community

EthStaker is a community for everyone to discuss and learn about staking on
Ethereum. Join tens of thousands of members from around the globe for advice,
support, and to talk all things staking.

[Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethstaker)[Reddit(opens in a
new tab)](https://reddit.com/r/ethstaker)[Website(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethstaker.cc)

## FAQ

###

Is staking already live?

More

Yes. Staking has been live since December 1, 2020

This means that staking is currently live for users to deposit their ETH, run
a validator client, and start earning rewards.

The Shanghai/Capella upgrade was completed April 12, 2023, enabling staking
withdrawals, closing the loop on staking liquidity.

[More on The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/)

###

When can I withdraw my staked ETH?

More

Right now! Stakers are free to withdraw their rewards and/or principle deposit
from their validator balance if they choose.

Stakers will also earn rewards in the form of fees and MEV when proposing
blocks, which are made available immediately via the set fee recipient
address.

[More on staking withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)

###

What is a validator?

More

A _validator_ is a virtual entity that lives on Ethereum and participates in
the consensus of the Ethereum protocol. Validators are represented by a
balance, public key, and other properties. A _validator client_ is the
software that acts on behalf of the validator by holding and using its private
key. A single validator client can hold many key pairs, controlling many
validators.

###

Why do I need to have funds at stake?

More

A validator has the ability to propose and attest to blocks for the network.
To prevent dishonest behavior, users must have their funds at stake. This
allows the protocol to penalize malicious actors. Staking is a means to keep
you honest, as your actions will have financial consequences.

###

Can I buy 'Eth2'?

More

There is no 'Eth2' token native to the protocol, as the native token ether
(ETH) did not change when Ethereum switched to proof-of-stake.

There are derivative tokens/tickers that may represent staked ETH (ie. rETH
from Rocket Pool, stETH from Lido, ETH2 from Coinbase). Learn more about
[staking pools](/en/staking/pools/)

## Further reading

  * [Serenity Design Rationale(opens in a new tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/9l707paQQEeI-GPzVK02lA?view#) - _Vitalik Buterin_
  * [Eth2 News(opens in a new tab)](https://hackmd.io/@benjaminion/eth2_news) \- _Ben Edgington_
  * [Finalized no. 33, the Ethereum consensus-layer (Jan 2022)(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/2022/01/31/finalized-no-33/) \- _Danny Ryan_
  * [Attestant Posts(opens in a new tab)](https://www.attestant.io/posts/)
  * [Beaconcha.in Community-Contributed Educational Materials(opens in a new tab)](https://beaconcha.in/education)
  * [Ethereum Staking Launchpad FAQ(opens in a new tab)](https://launchpad.ethereum.org/en/faq)
  * [EthStaker knowledge base(opens in a new tab)](https://ethstaker.gitbook.io/ethstaker-knowledge-base/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Staking Options

[Staking home](/en/staking/)[Solo staking](/en/staking/solo/)[Staking as a
service](/en/staking/saas/)[Pooled staking](/en/staking/pools/)[About
withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/)[Distributed validator
tech](/en/staking/dvt/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

Sum of ETH at stake on the Beacon Chain, not including balances over 32 ETH

Data source: [Beaconcha.in(opens in a new tab)](https://beaconcha.in/)

Number of validator accounts currently activated on the Beacon Chain

Data source: [Beaconcha.in(opens in a new tab)](https://beaconcha.in/)

Average annualized financial return per validator over the past 24-hour period

Data source: [Beaconcha.in(opens in a new tab)](https://beaconcha.in/ethstore)

### Validator

A [node](/en/glossary/#node) in a [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos) system
responsible for storing data, processing transactions, and adding new blocks
to the blockchain. To activate validator software, you need to be able to
[stake](/en/glossary/#staking) 32 ETH. [More on staking in
Ethereum](/en/staking/).

### Block

A block is where transactions or digital actions are stored. Once a block is
full, it gets linked to the previous one, creating a chain of blocks or a
"blockchain". [More on blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/).

### Consensus

When more than 2/3 of the computers in a network agree that they have the same
set of records, making sure everyone is on the same page. This isn't about the
rules they follow, but making sure they all have the same information.

### ERC-20

Is the standard set of rules that most tokens on Ethereum network are created
with.

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### Key

In the context of Ethereum, keys are digital codes: a public key for receiving
transactions and a private key for accessing and sending funds.

### Execution client

Execution clients (formerly known as "Eth1 clients"), such as Besu, Erigon,
Go-Ethereum (Geth), Nethermind, are tasked with processing and broadcasting
transactions and managing Ethereum's state. They run the computations for each
transaction using the [Ethereum Virtual Machine](/en/glossary/#evm) to ensure
that the rules of the protocol are followed.

### Consensus client

Consensus clients (such as Prysm, Teku, Nimbus, Lighthouse, Lodestar) run
Ethereum's [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos) consensus algorithm allowing
the network to reach agreement about the head of the Beacon Chain. Consensus
clients do not participate in validating/broadcasting transactions or
executing state transitions. This is done by [execution
clients](/en/glossary/#execution-client). Consensus clients do not attest to,
or propose new blocks. This is done by the [validator
client](/en/glossary/#validator) which is an optional add-on to the consensus
client.

### Liquidity tokens

Liquidity tokens (LT) are digital tokens issued to participants who deposit
assets into a liquidity pool, which is a collection of funds locked in a smart
contract and used to facilitate trading on a decentralized exchange (DEX).

### DeFi

A broad category of Ethereum apps aiming to provide financial services backed
by the blockchain, without any intermediaries. [More on decentralized finance
(DeFi)](/en/defi/)

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

