[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=faq&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0Ivc3VwcG9ydC9mYXEvd2h5LWhhc24tdC1teS13aXRoZHJhd2FsLWFycml2ZWQtMTE1MDAzNzQzMTky)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=faq&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0Ivc3VwcG9ydC9mYXEvd2h5LWhhc24tdC1teS13aXRoZHJhd2FsLWFycml2ZWQtMTE1MDAzNzQzMTky)

[FAQ](/en-GB/support/faq)

Search

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/56e071f41e41e2623af29d87e8cf23c6.png)Account
Functions](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-1?navId=1)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/6a941e6acaa9aa7f99bd58463e3d5c01.png)Tutorial](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-94?navId=94)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/2feaeb2c3e48b622e1987c2053ea23fa.png)Crypto
Deposit/Withdrawal](/en-GB/support/faq/c-2?navId=2)

[Deposit/Withdraw Guide](/en-GB/support/faq/c-2?navId=2#103)[Crypto
Deposit](/en-GB/support/faq/c-2?navId=2#89)[Crypto Withdrawal](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-2?navId=2#88)

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/157aaccfe436cf20af2d6ad45f46c75c.png)Buy
Crypto (Fiat/P2P)](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-66?navId=66)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/5c8e186f0edf389ca49027e2069459d3.png)Spot
& Margin Trading](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-3?navId=3)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)Trading
Bots](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-216?navId=216)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/5c831f62b05087ad3c61000e47655bf8.png)Finance](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-5?navId=5)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/708672ec11854104426c45536e214dc6.png)Binance
Fan Token](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-137?navId=137)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/64b5db3b6cdbd694f6aa7ff69abd1bbe.png)API](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-6?navId=6)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/e39609925d9b2683c89723231c2df42e.png)NFT](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-130?navId=130)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/6eb815a1c91e69d0c996b39269b14bdd.png)VIP](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-159?navId=159)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/1e85d14de9922358a2dc0f861b015793.png)Security](/en-
GB/support/faq/c-7?navId=7)[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202202/49566dd140d7b954cdf4b0ac7cf1c10b.png)Other
Topics](/en-GB/support/faq/c-8?navId=8)

[Home](/en-GB)

[Support Center](/en-GB/support)

[FAQ](/en-GB/support/faq)

[Crypto Deposit/Withdrawal](/en-GB/support/faq/crypto-deposit-
withdrawal?c=2&navId=2)

[Crypto Withdrawal](/en-GB/support/faq/crypto-withdrawal?c=2&navId=2#88)

Why Hasn’t My Withdrawal Arrived

# Why Hasn’t My Withdrawal Arrived

2018-01-03 06:30

Withdrawal Status

Frequently Asked Questions

Withdrawal Status

  * Withdrawal Status

  * Frequently Asked Questions

## 1\. The withdrawal is still processing

Log in to your Binance account and click **[Wallet]** \- **[Overview]** \-
**[**[**Transaction History**](/en-GB/my/wallet/history/withdraw-crypto)**]**
to view your cryptocurrency withdrawal record. If the **[Status]** shows that
the transaction is “Processing”, please wait for the confirmation process to
be completed.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202305/d948e2d491c32449519d30c1321d77e2.png)

##  
2\. The withdrawal has been completed

If the **[Status]** shows that the transaction is “Completed”, it means that
your funds have been sent out successfully. You can click the **[TxID]** to
check the transaction details. **Please check with the receiving exchange or
wallet using the TxID.**

**Please make sure that the receiving platform/wallet supports the token you
are withdrawing and the network you are using. If you are unsure, please check
with the receiving platform/wallet before making a withdrawal, or your assets
might be lost and cannot be recovered.**

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202305/4b690ae3cc1752e1e5c7f856095ae82f.png)![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/content/body/202305/a8d106f40dd9eb7006c64111b3dc6e8e.png)

## 1\. I’ve made a withdrawal from Binance to another exchange/wallet, but I
haven’t received my funds yet. Why?

**Transferring funds from your Binance account to another exchange or wallet
involves three steps:**

  * Withdrawal request on Binance
  * Blockchain network confirmation
  * Deposit on the corresponding platform

Typically, a [TxID (Transaction ID)](/en-
GB/support/faq/2c325e53daf04442adbaf8f6ba052f71) will be generated within
30-60 minutes, indicating that Binance has successfully broadcasted the
withdrawal transaction.

However, it might still take some time for that particular transaction to be
confirmed and even longer for the funds to be credited into the destination
wallet. The amount of required “network confirmations” varies for different
blockchains.

For example:

  * Alice decides to withdraw 2 BTC from Binance to her personal wallet. After she confirms the request, she needs to wait until Binance creates and broadcasts the transaction.
  * As soon as the transaction is created, Alice will be able to see the TxID on her Binance wallet page. At this point, the transaction will be pending (unconfirmed) and the 2 BTC will be frozen temporarily.
  * After the transaction is confirmed by the network, Alice will receive the BTC in her personal wallet after 2 network confirmations.
  * In this example, she had to wait for 2 network confirmations until the deposit showed up in her wallet, but the required amount of confirmations varies depending on the wallet or exchange.

Due to possible network congestion, there might be a significant delay in
processing your transaction. You may use the TxID to look up the status of the
transfer of your assets using a [blockchain
explorer](https://academy.binance.com/en-GB/glossary/block-explorer).

Note:

  * If the blockchain explorer shows that the transaction is unconfirmed, please wait for the confirmation process to be completed. This varies depending on the blockchain network.
  * If the blockchain explorer shows that the transaction is already confirmed, it means that your funds have been sent out successfully and we are unable to provide any further assistance on this matter. You will need to contact the owner/support team of the destination address to seek further help.
  * If the TxID has not been generated 6 hours after clicking the confirmation button from the e-mail message, please contact our [Customer Support](/en-GB/chat) for assistance and attach the withdrawal history screenshot of the relevant transaction. Please make sure you have provided the above detailed information so the Customer Service agent can assist you in a timely manner.

## 2\. How do I check the transaction status on the blockchain?

Log in to your Binance account and click**[Wallet]** -**[Overview]** \-
**[Transaction History]** to view your cryptocurrency withdrawal record.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/article/body/202209/a2a50f6028a92eab6698a2e3e71ff59a.png)

If the**[Status]** shows that the transaction is “Processing”, please wait for
the confirmation process to be completed.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/article/body/202209/7c6f2fcc035d4e58e2bcbb180ab978da.png)

If the**[Status]** shows that the transaction is “Completed”, you can click on
the **[TxID]** to check the transaction details.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/article/body/202209/8f4de853e2d050a1d3f813c692e5e530.png)![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/article/body/202209/2302188e8ad6f96106d0f6f5256527b2.png)

**Please make sure that the receiving platform/wallet supports the token you
are withdrawing and the network you are using. If you are unsure, please check
with the receiving platform/wallet before making a withdrawal, or your assets
might be lost and cannot be recovered.**

###### Share Post

Related Articles

  * [How to Withdraw from Binance](/en-GB/support/announcement/how-to-withdraw-from-binance-115003670492)
  * [Why Hasn’t My Withdrawal Arrived](/en-GB/support/announcement/why-hasn-t-my-withdrawal-arrived-115003743192)
  * [What Can I Do If I Withdraw to a Wrong Address?](/en-GB/support/announcement/what-can-i-do-if-i-withdraw-to-a-wrong-address-115003799892)
  * [What Can I Do When Withdrawal Services Are Temporarily Suspended?](/en-GB/support/announcement/what-can-i-do-when-withdrawal-services-are-temporarily-suspended-013cccf18b5d40ec9e3e57cc94068743)
  * [How to Reactivate the Withdrawal Function for My Binance Account?](/en-GB/support/announcement/how-to-reactivate-the-withdrawal-function-for-my-binance-account-360038583951)
  * [Frequently Asked Questions on Unsuccessful Withdrawals](/en-GB/support/announcement/frequently-asked-questions-on-unsuccessful-withdrawals-22c5be4c4753453981c182c4a6669896)
  * [How to Withdraw BEP-20 Tokens from Binance](/en-GB/support/announcement/how-to-withdraw-bep-20-tokens-from-binance-c47822d9bcc343b9a96601e9cc54b002)
  * [Crypto Withdrawal Fees on Binance](/en-GB/support/announcement/crypto-withdrawal-fees-on-binance-d9ff84dccc24423cbe6d59859d86afe3)

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

