This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

Token Extensions

# Permissioned tokens on a permissionless network

Built in collaboration with large institutions, token extensions unlock rich
native functionality designed for complex behaviors, without compromising on
security or scalability. Get started today.

[Start Building](/developers/guides/token-extensions/getting-started)

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252Ff51feece35094bfba4ab2931f16836c7&w=1920&q=75)

[Start building](/developers/guides/token-extensions/getting-started)

Hello! Use the editor to add your copy!

[Get in Touch](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/to/ST7YdGSz)

## Read the technical paper

Token extensions represent a leap forward for the Solana protocol. Dig into
the technical explanation, a look at specific token extensions, and potential
use cases.

[Read](/solana_token_extensions_paper)

## Get native support for enterprise features — without third party tooling.

## Build a better stablecoin

Token extensions make it easier to issue a stablecoin for your project by
providing for native support for stablecoins and monetization options.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=1200&q=75)

## Simplify payments with native metadata

Transactions no longer have to occur in a vacuum. Using token extensions to
couple metadata with transactions, institutions can enable simplified payment
reconciliation.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F3388c28f6118426782e772cfe7cba06b&w=1200&q=75)

## Guide consumers with permanent delegation

Create an ideal user experience. Using permanent delegation, token transfers
can be gated by digital assets like NFTs or loyalty cards, and make it easier
to update tokens that are tied to ownership of real-world assets.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F86e1ae95a87544e4afb5c6314b354212&w=1200&q=75)

## Protect privacy with native support

Issuers on Solana can create token extensions that natively promote the
preservation of user privacy by masking account balances and transfer amounts,
how much is sent in a transaction — while preserving auditing rights to ensure
regulatory compliance.

![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F6f4c84e65147435586996bbb18096018&w=1200&q=75)

## Dig into token extensions

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F9596760b143048b5a5c7630bf3e42382&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F9596760b143048b5a5c7630bf3e42382&w=3840&q=75)Token
Extensions Enable Native Support for Enterprise-Grade Use Cases](/news/token-
extensions-on-solana)

[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F9596760b143048b5a5c7630bf3e42382&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F9596760b143048b5a5c7630bf3e42382&w=3840&q=75)
Token Extensions Enable Native Support for Enterprise-Grade Use
Cases](/news/token-extensions-on-
solana)[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=3840&q=75)
A Developer's Guide to Token Extensions on Solana](/news/token-extensions-
developer-
guide)[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=3840&q=75)
Getting Started with Token Extensions](/developers/guides/token-
extensions/getting-
started)[![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=3840&q=75)![](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.builder.io%2Fapi%2Fv1%2Fimage%2Fassets%252Fce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139%252F5cd3bb07d43b4c79835035667336c4d2&w=3840&q=75)
Token Extensions Video
Workshop](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLilwLeBwGuK6imBuGLSLmzMEyj6yVHGDO)

## Token extensions unlocks new business standards and use cases on the Solana
blockchain.

Want to build? Get in touch.

[Contact US](https://solanafoundation.typeform.com/to/ST7YdGSz)[See the
Docs](/developers/guides/token-extensions/getting-started)

Frequently ASked Questions

## Learn more about token extensions

What are token extensions?

Token extensions are new token program-level features, enabled by the new
open-source token minting program available on the Solana blockchain. Token
extensions enable the next generation of features for digital assets and
stablecoins on the Solana blockchain by imbuing the assets with a native set
of rich features ranging from confidentiality to token-gated access to
required metadata. Assets minted using this program can bring to life the
promise of true programmability of money and assets on the blockchain

How is this different from Token-2022?

Token-2022 is the technical name and GitHub repository for the new SPL token
program, as released by Solana Labs. _Token extensions_ , on the other hand,
are what the new token standard enables. Think of them as a list of new
features and functions that can now function at the token program level.

What are the benefits of using token extensions versus the legacy Solana token
standard?

Token extensions takes the core functionality of tokens on Solana and imbues
them with an entirely new, native set of features that open up a whole new set
of use cases for digital assets. In the past, application developers had to
rely on a mix of ad-hoc protocols, code bases and projects to enable true
programmability. Minting tokens that have token extensions enabled allows the
developer to natively have access to all of those programmability features,
with the flexibility to decide which features to enable or disable.

A few examples of what is possible natively with token extensions:

  * Confidential transfers: The ability to mask token balances and the amounts of token transfers, with auditability from the issuer of the token
  * Token gated transfers: The ability to control which wallets can receive tokens based on KYC identifiers
  * Transfer Fees: The issuer of the token can charge transfer fees to assist in monetization of transactions
  * Required metadata: Metadata about transfers can be mandatory, allowing payment attribution data to be bound to the transaction itself. 

There are several other extensions that enable additional rich functionality
for digital asset issuers.

Are tokens minted using token extensions backwards compatible with dApps that
support Solana tokens today?

Tokens minted with token extensions belong to a new protocol. While the
protocol is backwards compatible with the existing SPL Token standard, dApps
must be upgraded to handle tokens minted with specific extensions.

Have token extensions been audited?

Yes, the program has gone through 5 audits from the following security firms:
Halborn, Zellic, NCC, Trail of Bits, and OtterSec.

Are there examples of stablecoins or digital assets that have been created
using this new token standard?

There are several projects about to launch RWA and stablecoins using this
program. Paxos recently launched USDP on Solana leveraging token extensions,
GMO Trust plans to launch a regulated stablecoin and several other major
enterprises are planning on launching throughout the course of 2024.

Can I use multiple extensions?

Yes — however, some combinations are not yet ready to work in tandem. For
example, transfer hooks and confidential transfers do not currently work
together. For that particular case, a fix is being developed and can be
tracked [here](https://github.com/solana-labs/solana-program-
library/pull/6098),

Are all of the extensions available today?

With the exception of confidential transfers, all of the extensions are
available for use today. Confidential transfers will be available once
[version 1.17](https://solana.com/news/solana-validators-v1-17-update) of the
core Solana has been adopted by the network, which is expected to happen by
February 2024

Can the program used for transfer hooks / permanent mint delegation be changed
after mint initialization?

Yes! As long as the requisite authority is reserved, the program used for both
or either of those extensions can be updated to new PDAs.

Can I create the destination ATA for a confidential transfer?

While you can create the destination ATA for public transfers, the owner of
that account needs to set up an encryption key, thus meaning that the owner
must configure their account to accept confidential transfers before receiving
confidential transfers.

Can multiple auditors be set for the confidential transfer authority?

 No. Only a single ElGamal public key (derivable from an ed25519 private key)
can be set, and without a fancy key-sharing implementation that single key is
the only one capable of auditing transfer amounts.

I am a developer for a wallet or dApp. What do I need to know to integrate
token extensions?

Developer documents can be found [here](https://spl.solana.com/token-2022).

![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)![](https://cdn.builder.io/api/v1/pixel?apiKey=ce0c7323a97a4d91bd0baa7490ec9139)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

