[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

## Unlock additional profits with our liquid staking products and partnerships

Everstake powers up its own staking pool on Solana and partners with the
industry’s top liquid staking protocols to ensure high yields for its users
and boost decentralization across the entire ecosystem.

#### Reliable validation for post-merge Ethereum’s liquid staking

Lido is a liquid staking solution for the post-merge Ethereum where Everstake
is among the core participants. Lido allows users **to stake ETH without
locking their assets or maintaining infrastructure**.

Lido has a DAO that governs a set of liquid staking protocols, governs key
parameters, and executes protocol upgrades.

Aside from Ethereum, Lido works with Solana, and Polygon.

Everstake has been actively working with Lido **since 2021**.

[learn more about lido ](https://lido.fi/)

#### Reliable validation for post-merge Ethereum’s liquid staking

Lido is a liquid staking solution for the post-merge Ethereum where Everstake
is among the core participants. Lido allows users **to stake ETH without
locking their assets or maintaining infrastructure**.

Lido has a DAO that governs a set of liquid staking protocols, governs key
parameters, and executes protocol upgrades.

Aside from Ethereum, Lido works with Solana, and Polygon.

Everstake has been actively working with Lido **since 2021**.

[learn more about lido ](https://lido.fi/)

#### High-performance validation for a top-notch liquid staking protocol

Everstake is a core participant in pSTAKE, a liquid staking protocol that
unlocks liquidity for your staked assets. It allows you to securely stake your
**Proof-of-Stake (PoS) assets** , and participate in protocol improvements and
security to earn staking rewards.

As a liquid staking protocol, pSTAKE gives you access to the underlying
representative tokens (stkASSETs) which can be used to explore additional
yield opportunities across DeFi platforms.

Everstake has been actively working with pSTAKE **since 2021**.

[Learn more about Pstake ](https://pstake.finance/)

#### High-performance validation for a top-notch liquid staking protocol

Everstake is a core participant in pSTAKE, a liquid staking protocol that
unlocks liquidity for your staked assets. It allows you to securely stake your
**Proof-of-Stake (PoS) assets** , and participate in protocol improvements and
security to earn staking rewards.

As a liquid staking protocol, pSTAKE gives you access to the underlying
representative tokens (stkASSETs) which can be used to explore additional
yield opportunities across DeFi platforms.

Everstake has been actively working with pSTAKE **since 2021**.

[Learn more about Pstake ](https://pstake.finance/)

#### High-performance validation for a top-notch liquid staking protocol

Stride is a blockchain ("zone") that provides liquidity for staked tokens.
Using Stride, you can earn both staking and DeFi yields across the Cosmos IBC
ecosystem.

Users can liquid stake their tokens on any Cosmos chain using Stride (a
sovereign zone).

Currently, Stride supports liquid staking for: Cosmos Hub (stATOM), Osmosis
(stOSMO), Juno (stJUNO), Stargaze (stSTARS), Evmos (stEVMOS), Terra 2
(stLUNA), Injective (stINJ), Umee (stUMEE).

[Learn more about Stride ](https://stride.zone/)

#### High-performance validation for a top-notch liquid staking protocol

Stride is a blockchain ("zone") that provides liquidity for staked tokens.
Using Stride, you can earn both staking and DeFi yields across the Cosmos IBC
ecosystem.

Users can liquid stake their tokens on any Cosmos chain using Stride (a
sovereign zone).

Currently, Stride supports liquid staking for: Cosmos Hub (stATOM), Osmosis
(stOSMO), Juno (stJUNO), Stargaze (stSTARS), Evmos (stEVMOS), Terra 2
(stLUNA), Injective (stINJ), Umee (stUMEE).

[Learn more about Stride ](https://stride.zone/)

## Want to start partnership?

## Let’s talk!

Everstake’s Business Development team is always in search of new ways to be
useful to our partners and exceed their expectations.

[Book a Call ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

## faq

###  How is liquid staking different from regular staking?

+

In regular staking, your tokens remain locked, and you must withdraw them to
use them again.

In liquid staking, however, while your tokens are locked, you get their
synthetic versions. You can use those synthetic tokens in DeFi applications
for lending, yield farming, and liquidity providing, among other things. This
way, in theory, you can increase your income from staking. To redeem your
original tokens, you have to exchange them back for your synthetic ones.

###  Is liquid staking more profitable?

+

In theory, yes, as, in fact, you still can use the tokens that you staked,
though in the synthetic form. It should be understood, however, that using
them for DeFi purposes may entail risks unrelated to staking per se.

###  What are the risks of liquid staking?

+

If you happen to somehow lose your synthetic token, it means that you cannot
redeem your original token, and therefore you can’t withdraw anything. This
loss may occur due to bad trading decisions, liquidations in lending
protocols, and other things.

###  How to choose a liquid staking provider?

+

Pay attention to the availability of pairs with the synthetic tokens from the
provider you are considering. They should be available at least in several
different liquidity pools.

Another important notion is that a liquid staking provider should not work
with major or even custodial validators since. Otherwise, it would hinder the
ecosystem’s decentralization.

Finally, the provider must have a positive reputation in the community.

###  What is Liquid Staking?

+

Liquid staking is an innovative solution in the decentralized finance (DeFi)
space that allows users to stake their crypto assets while maintaining
liquidity. Traditionally, staked assets are locked and cannot be moved or
traded.

However, with liquid staking, users receive derivative tokens representing
their staked assets, which they can freely trade, sell, or use in other DeFi
protocols. This allows stakeholders to earn staking rewards and simultaneously
leverage their assets for other financial opportunities.

###  How does Liquid Staking Work?

+

Liquid staking works by issuing derivative tokens to users when they stake
their original assets on a platform. These derivative tokens represent the
staked assets and hold the same value.

They are liquid, meaning they can be traded, sold, or used in other DeFi
protocols, even though the original staked assets are locked in the network to
secure the blockchain and earn rewards.

For instance, if you stake Ethereum (ETH) on a liquid staking platform like
Lido, you'll receive stETH tokens. Each stETH token represents one staked ETH.
While your ETH is staked and earning rewards, you can use, trade, or sell your
stETH tokens freely, thus maintaining liquidity.

###  What are Liquid Staking Derivatives?

+

Liquid staking derivatives are the tokens issued by liquid staking platforms
to represent the original assets staked by users. They are called derivatives
because they derive their value from the underlying staked assets.

These derivative tokens are liquid and can be freely traded, sold, or used in
other DeFi protocols, unlike the original staked assets, which are locked to
secure the blockchain and earn rewards. By issuing these derivative tokens,
liquid staking platforms allow users to maintain liquidity while participating
in staking.

This way, users can earn staking rewards while also leveraging their staked
assets for other financial opportunities.

#  Maximize Your Profits with our Liquid Staking Platform: Exploring
Derivatives, Partnerships, and Tokens

#### Table of Contents

  1. Maximize Your Profits with our Liquid Staking Platform: Exploring Derivatives, Partnerships, and Tokens
    1. Overview of Liquid Staking
    2. Importance of Liquid Staking Platforms in Crypto
  2. Benefits of Using Liquid Staking Platforms
    1. Reliable Platforms in the Staking Space
    2. Large User Base of Top Staking Platforms
    3. Wide Network Compatibility
    4. Security and Automation in Top Platforms' Services
    5. Non-custodial Service of Top Platforms
  3. Liquidity in Staking Platforms
    1. Importance of Liquidity in Staking
    2. How Top Platforms Ensure Liquidity in Staking
  4. How to Start Using Staking Platforms
    1. Step-by-step Guide to Using Staking Platforms
    2. Lido Liquid Staking and Staking Calculator
    3. Stride Liquid Staking and Staking Calculator
    4. pStake Liquid Staking and Staking Calculator
  5. Conclusion
    1. Recap of Top Staking Platforms' Offerings
  6. FAQ
    1. What is Liquid Staking?
    2. How does Liquid Staking Work?
    3. What are Liquid Staking Derivatives?

Liquid staking has emerged as a transformative concept in the world of
decentralized finance (DeFi), offering an innovative solution to the liquidity
challenge that is a traditional drawback of staking.

This advancement has opened up an array of opportunities for crypto investors
and has led to the development of several liquid staking platforms, including
Everstake.

###  Overview of Liquid Staking

In the context of blockchain, staking refers to the commitment of
cryptocurrencies to support network operations, such as transaction
validation, governance, and security. However, conventional staking often
necessitates crypto holders to lock up their assets for a certain period,
resulting in them being illiquid.

Liquid staking, a notable innovation in DeFi, allows stakeholders to maintain
liquidity of their assets while simultaneously earning staking rewards. When a
user stakes an asset through a liquid staking platform, they receive a
derivative token that represents their staked asset.

This derivative token can then be used elsewhere within the DeFi ecosystem,
thus providing stakeholders with the flexibility to use their capital while
still reaping staking rewards.

###  Importance of Liquid Staking Platforms in Crypto

Liquid staking platforms have become crucial in the cryptocurrency sphere for
several reasons:

  * **Higher Yields:** These platforms allow stakeholders to participate in other DeFi activities with their derivative tokens, thereby creating the potential for additional rewards. 
  * **Improved Liquidity:** Liquid staking platforms address the illiquidity issue associated with conventional staking, thereby enabling users to fully capitalize on their assets. 
  * **Enhanced Participation:** These platforms encourage greater participation in staking by removing the barrier of illiquidity. The more the stakeholders, the greater the network's security and decentralization. 

Everstake is a prominent platform in the liquid staking domain. It offers a
comprehensive staking service that allows users to stake across multiple Proof
of Stake (PoS) chains.

Everstake's robust infrastructure and user-friendly design simplify the
process for both beginners and seasoned users to stake their assets, earn
rewards, and maintain liquidity.

##  Benefits of Using Liquid Staking Platforms

Security is paramount in the crypto world, and top liquid staking platforms
like Everstake are fully aware of this. They utilize advanced security
measures to safeguard user assets and personal information, providing a secure
environment for staking. These platforms also feature automated staking
services, thereby minimizing the risk of human error and streamlining the
staking process. Automation also ensures that users don't miss out on
potential rewards due to overlooked actions or deadlines.

### Reliable Platforms in the Staking Space

In the ever-expanding crypto universe, reliability is a sought-after trait in
any platform. Everstake has made a name for itself as a reliable staking
platform due to its consistent performance, robust architecture, and user-
friendly interface. It caters to the needs of both novice and experienced
crypto stakeholders by simplifying the often complex processes associated with
staking. This emphasis on reliability and user experience, coupled with the
tangible results it delivers, has allowed Everstake to rise as a trusted name
in the staking arena.

### Large User Base of Top Staking Platforms

The magnitude of a platform's user base often serves as an indicator of its
efficacy and trustworthiness. Top liquid staking platforms, such as Everstake,
boast a substantial user base, signifying a high level of user satisfaction
and trust in the platform's services. The platform's ability to attract and
retain a large number of users also underscores its capacity to adapt and
cater to evolving user needs in the dynamic crypto landscape.

### Wide Network Compatibility

The top liquid staking platforms provide extensive network compatibility,
enabling users to stake multiple types of cryptocurrencies. Everstake, for
instance, supports a variety of Proof of Stake (PoS) chains. This wide network
compatibility offers users an unmatched level of flexibility and choice in
their staking activities, allowing them to diversify their portfolio and
reduce potential risks.

### Security and Automation in Top Platforms' Services

Security is paramount in the crypto world, and top liquid staking platforms
like Everstake are fully aware of this. They utilize advanced security
measures to safeguard user assets and personal information, providing a secure
environment for staking. These platforms also feature automated staking
services, thereby minimizing the risk of human error and streamlining the
staking process. Automation also ensures that users don't miss out on
potential rewards due to overlooked actions or deadlines.

### Non-custodial Service of Top Platforms

The non-custodial nature of top liquid staking platforms is another
significant advantage for users. Being non-custodial means that users maintain
control over their private keys and, hence, their assets. This feature is
central to many top platforms, including Everstake.

By offering non-custodial services, these platforms assure users of their full
control and ownership of their assets, adding another layer of trust and
security. This not only empowers users but also aligns with the fundamental
principles of decentralization, promoting a sense of transparency and
fairness.

##  Liquidity in Staking Platforms

Liquidity is a crucial aspect in the field of staking. Ensuring liquid assets
while gaining staking rewards is a game-changer, offering stakeholders an
optimal balance of reward potential and financial flexibility.

###  Importance of Liquidity in Staking

Liquidity in staking is essential because it gives stakeholders the freedom to
move their assets without restrictions. Traditional staking methods often
require a lock-in period where assets cannot be moved, limiting financial
flexibility. This can be a significant hindrance, especially in the volatile
crypto market where quick asset movements can lead to substantial gains.

However, with liquid staking, stakeholders receive derivative tokens that
represent their staked assets. These tokens can be traded, sold, or used in
other DeFi protocols, ensuring that stakeholders' funds are never tied down.
This creates a dual advantage where users can earn staking rewards and
simultaneously leverage their assets for other financial opportunities.

###  How Top Platforms Ensure Liquidity in Staking

Top staking platforms, such as Everstake, utilize innovative methods to ensure
liquidity in staking. When a user stakes their crypto assets on Everstake,
they receive derivative tokens that are equivalent to their staked assets.
These derivative tokens are liquid and can be utilized across the DeFi
ecosystem for various purposes such as trading or participating in different
DeFi protocols.

Everstake's model of providing derivative tokens ensures that the staked
assets' liquidity is maintained. This means that even though the original
assets are staked and contributing to the network's security, the derivative
tokens can be freely moved, traded, or used, effectively eliminating the
constraints traditionally associated with staking.

This approach to maintaining liquidity is a defining characteristic of top
liquid staking platforms. It not only empowers stakeholders with more
financial freedom but also contributes to the overall health and growth of the
DeFi ecosystem by keeping more assets in circulation.

##  How to Start Using Staking Platforms

Beginning your journey with staking platforms can seem daunting initially, but
these platforms are typically designed with user-friendly interfaces and
intuitive functionalities to facilitate the process. Here's a general guide on
how to use these platforms, followed by a brief discussion on specific
platforms like Lido, Stride, and pStake.

###  Step-by-step Guide to Using Staking Platforms

  1. **Create an Account:** The first step is to sign up on the staking platform of your choice. This usually involves providing an email address and creating a password. 
  2. **Wallet Integration:** Next, connect your crypto wallet to your account. Most platforms support multiple types of wallets, so choose the one that suits your preferences. 
  3. Deposit Assets: After successfully connecting your wallet, deposit the crypto assets you want to stake on the platform. Ensure the platform supports the type of crypto you intend to stake. 
  4. **Stake:** With your assets deposited, proceed to the staking section and choose the amount you wish to stake. Confirm your decision, and the platform will automatically begin the staking process. 
  5. **Claim Rewards:** Depending on the platform's rules, you can claim your staking rewards at specified intervals. 

Remember that each platform may have its own specific steps and requirements.
Always read through the platform's instructions and help guides to ensure a
smooth staking experience.

###  Lido Liquid Staking and Staking Calculator

Lido is a prominent player in the staking ecosystem that provides liquid
staking for Ethereum. When you stake ETH via Lido, you receive stETH tokens, a
liquid token representative of your staked ETH. The Lido Staking Calculator is
a helpful tool that lets you estimate your potential rewards from staking on
the Lido platform.

###  Stride Liquid Staking and Staking Calculator

Stride is another reputable platform that provides liquid staking services.
Stride's staking mechanism is similar to that of Lido. When you stake on
Stride, you receive derivative tokens that represent your staked assets.
Stride also features a staking calculator that can help you estimate your
potential earnings from staking on their platform.

###  pStake Liquid Staking and Staking Calculator

pStake is a platform that aims to unlock the liquidity of staked assets across
multiple PoS chains. Like Lido and Stride, pStake also issues derivative
tokens to stakeholders. Users can make use of the pStake Staking Calculator to
forecast their potential staking rewards.

## Conclusion

The advent of liquid staking in the DeFi ecosystem has brought about a
paradigm shift in how stakeholders interact with blockchain networks. By
offering the potential for staking rewards without sacrificing the liquidity
of staked assets, liquid staking platforms have opened up a new frontier of
opportunities for crypto investors.

###  Recap of Top Staking Platforms' Offerings

  * **Everstake:** Renowned for its robust and user-friendly services, Everstake has established itself as a reliable platform in the staking space. It provides a comprehensive staking service that allows users to stake across multiple PoS chains, offering the potential for high yields, enhanced security, and a non-custodial service. Most importantly, Everstake ensures liquidity in staking by providing derivative tokens that can be freely traded or used in other DeFi protocols. 
  * **Lido:** Lido offers a liquid staking solution specifically for Ethereum. Users staking ETH via Lido receive stETH tokens, liquid tokens that represent their staked assets. Lido's Staking Calculator is a helpful tool that allows users to estimate their potential staking rewards. 
  * **Stride:** Stride is a reputable platform that provides liquid staking services. Stride's mechanism of providing derivative tokens representative of the staked assets ensures liquidity. Like Lido, Stride also offers a staking calculator that helps users to estimate potential earnings from their staking activities. 
  * **pStake:** pStake aims to unlock liquidity for staked assets across various PoS chains. Similar to the other platforms, pStake issues derivative tokens to stakeholders, ensuring liquidity while the original assets are staked. Users can use the pStake Staking Calculator to forecast their potential staking rewards. 

The introduction of liquid staking platforms has indeed added a new dimension
to the crypto space, enabling more users to participate in staking activities
without sacrificing the liquidity of their assets.

As the DeFi ecosystem continues to grow and mature, the importance of these
platforms is likely to increase, shaping the future of staking and broader
DeFi engagements.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

