  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Scroll](/blog/beginners-guide-to-scroll)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to Scroll

Published on: May 16, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Scroll?**
  * **Understanding the Scroll Ecosystem**
  * **Scroll Use Cases and Applications**

##### In Brief

Learn everything you need to know about the Scroll, an innovative zkEVM
Layer-2 Solution.

![A Beginner's Guide to Scroll](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fscroll_beginners_guide_c9f59ca6c4.png&w=3840&q=75)

Ethereum's popularity has led to network congestion. This makes it expensive
and time-consuming to interact with DeFi applications and other decentralized
services. Enter Scroll.

Scroll is a next-generation [Layer-2
Solution](https://trustwallet.com/blog/layer2-tokens-on-ethereum-a-comparison)
built on a revolutionary technology called zkEVM (Zero-knowledge Ethereum
Virtual Machine). By leveraging zkEVM, Scroll offers a scalable, cost-
effective way to interact with the Ethereum blockchain, without sacrificing
security. This enables faster transactions, accrues significantly lower fees,
all while enjoying the benefits of the Ethereum ecosystem. Join us as we
explore the Scroll ecosystem in more detail.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is Scroll?

Scroll is a security-focused scaling solution for Ethereum. Scroll tackles
Ethereum's scalability issues with a next-generation Layer-2 Solution built on
zkEVM (Zero-knowledge Ethereum Virtual Machine). Consider Ethereum's mainnet
as a congested highway. Scroll acts as additional lanes, processing
transactions off-chain before securely bundling them for verification on the
mainnet. This off-chain processing, facilitated by zkEVM, significantly
reduces transaction costs and speeds. zkEVM uses cryptography to prove the
validity of transactions, without revealing all the details on the Scroll
mainnet. This innovative combination of Layer-2 architecture and zkEVM
technology positions Scroll as a game-changer for scaling Ethereum and
enabling a smooth user experience.

### Before We Get Started

Before we explore Scroll in more detail, it’s important to remember that you
can manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains on
Trust Wallet. [Download the latest version of Trust Wallet
today](https://trustwallet.com/download).

Download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or install the Trust Wallet Extension
on your desktop browser.

![scroll-beginners-guide-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fscroll_beginners_guide_2_5d742a2e96.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## Understanding the Scroll Ecosystem

Scroll isn't just a standalone technology; it fosters a thriving ecosystem of
applications and services. This ecosystem leverages Scroll's zkEVM Layer-2
Solution to offer users and developers a range of benefits.

The core of Scroll's ecosystem revolves around:

  * **Scalability:** The Scroll Mainnet facilitates significantly faster transactions compared to the Ethereum mainnet, allowing users to interact with DeFi, NFT marketplaces, and other dApps without experiencing network congestion.

  * **Cost-effectiveness:** Transaction fees on Scroll are drastically lower than on the Ethereum mainnet, making it a more accessible platform for a wider user base.

  * **Security:** By inheriting security from the Ethereum mainnet, Scroll ensures the safety of user funds and assets.

  * **Developer-friendliness:** Scroll's EVM compatibility allows developers to seamlessly migrate existing Ethereum dApps to the Scroll network, accelerating innovation within the ecosystem.

![scroll-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fscroll_beginners_guide_1_431c828e0f.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Scroll Use Cases and Applications

Scroll's innovative technology unlocks a wide range of possibilities for
developers and users. Below, we explore some of the most exciting use cases
and applications emerging within the Scroll ecosystem:

### DeFi

DeFi applications are revolutionizing finance, but scalability and gas fees
remain major hurdles. Scroll's zkEVM Layer-2 Solution addresses these
challenges head-on, enabling faster and cheaper transactions for a wider user
base. Here's how Scroll empowers DeFi:

  * **Frictionless lending and borrowing:** Users can participate in lending and borrowing protocols with significantly lower fees, making DeFi more accessible and cost-effective.

  * **Instant swaps and exchanges:** Scroll facilitates near-instantaneous token swaps and trades on decentralized exchanges (DEXs), improving user experience and liquidity within the DeFi ecosystem.

  * **Advanced yield farming strategies:** Scroll's scalability allows for more complex and lucrative yield farming strategies, unlocking new possibilities for DeFi enthusiasts.

  * **Scalable derivatives and options:** The creation of innovative DeFi products like derivatives and options becomes feasible with Scroll's high throughput, paving the way for a more robust and feature-rich DeFi landscape.

### NFT Marketplaces

NFTs have taken the digital world by storm, but exorbitant gas fees can hinder
widespread adoption. Scroll's cost-effectiveness creates a fertile ground for
NFT marketplaces to flourish:

  * **Seamless NFT minting and trading:** Artists and creators can mint and sell their NFTs without encountering hefty gas fees, making the NFT market more accessible and creator-friendly.

  * **Faster NFT transactions:** Scroll enables faster confirmation times for NFT purchases and transfers, improving user experience and liquidity within NFT marketplaces.

### Gaming

The integration of blockchain technology holds immense potential for the
gaming industry. Scroll's scalability empowers developers to create truly
immersive gaming experiences and virtual worlds:

  * **Fast and secure in-game transactions:** Players can enjoy near-instantaneous in-game purchases, asset trades, and peer-to-peer transactions within the game environment.

  * **True ownership of digital assets:** Scroll enables players to truly own their in-game items and digital assets, fostering a more secure and transparent gaming economy.

  * **Decentralized governance and DAOs:** Scroll empowers the creation of player-owned DAOs within games, enabling communities to govern in-game economies and contribute to game development.

![scroll-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fscroll_beginners_guide_3_13d0f86782.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Community and Social Platforms

Decentralized social media platforms and online communities can leverage
Scroll for scalable communication and content monetization. Scroll's ability
to handle high transaction volume makes it ideal for these platforms, enabling
features including:

  * Fast, efficient posting and sharing of content.

  * Microtransactions and tokenized rewards for creators and users.

  * Scalable on-chain governance mechanisms for communities.

### Infrastructure and Tools

Scroll's technology can be used to build faster and more efficient blockchain
infrastructure and developer tools. By offering a scalable and cost-effective
Layer-2 solution, Scroll empowers developers to:

  * Create high-performance blockchain applications without sacrificing decentralization.

  * Develop robust developer tools that streamline the blockchain development process.

  * Contribute to the overall scalability of the Ethereum ecosystem.

#### Closing Thoughts

With its scalable infrastructure, cost-effective transactions, and commitment
to security, Scroll addresses the pressing scalability challenges facing
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet), while unlocking a world
of possibilities for developers and users.

By leveraging zkEVM technology, the Scroll Mainnet serves as a beacon of
efficiency in a congested blockchain landscape. Its ability to process
transactions off-chain before securely bundling them for verification on the
mainnet represents a significant milestone in Ethereum's evolution. With
Scroll, users enjoy faster transaction speeds, significantly lower fees, and
enhanced security, all while benefiting from the rich ecosystem of
applications and services that Scroll fosters. As more users and developers
embrace the Scroll Mainnet and its zkEVM Layer-2 Solution, we can expect the
growth of a thriving ecosystem of innovation, collaboration, and empowerment.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

