Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 29

# Unlocking the crypto opportunity for the Philippines market

  *  __ February 24, 2022
  *  __31 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (VP Strategic Alliances, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Funlocking-the-crypto-opportunity-for-the-philippines-market-w-catherine-bautista-casas%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Funlocking-the-crypto-opportunity-for-the-philippines-market-w-catherine-bautista-casas%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

### Live Metaco Talks with Catherine Bautista-Casas, Head of Blockchain CoE
and Digital Asset Markets at UnionBank of the Philippines

For this episode we were joined by [Catherine Bautista-
Casas](https://www.linkedin.com/in/cathy-c-57886339/), FVP, Head of Blockchain
Centre of Excellence and Digital Asset Markets at [UnionBank of the
Philippines](https://www.unionbankph.com/). Catherine is a pioneer in
blockchain in the Philippines and has spent the last 20 years at the forefront
of innovation at UnionBank (in areas such as market risk, treasury and fixed
income derivative trading, and blockchain), and how she is in charge with
preparing the bank for the Token Economy.

In this episode, we discussed, among others:

**[00:01:30]**  What prompted UnionBank to become the first Philippine lender
to launch its own stablecoin – PHX?

**[00:12:07]**  What is driving the fast adoption of crypto currencies and
other digital assets in the Philippines?

**[16:22:08]**  What is the UnionBank’s Blockchain Center of Excellence, how
has it grown over time and what are the plans for the years ahead?

**[18:42:12]**  What is the position of national regulators regarding crypto
in general, and how supportive they are with initiatives such as Union Bank’s?

**[20:18:23]**  What are some of the technology considerations and challenges
when it comes to operating digital assets?

_Disclaimer: This is not investment advice._

### Full transcript

[00:00:27] **Seamus** : Welcome to the first episode of METACO Talks for 2022.
We start the year with a guest who is a pioneer in blockchain in Philippines.
Catherine Casas, Head of Blockchain Center of Excellence and FVP at UnionBank
Philippines.

Cathy spent the last 20 years at the forefront of innovation at UnionBank,
covering areas like market risk, treasury, fixed income derivatives trading,
and blockchain. UnionBank Philippines has recently made news announcing
further commitment to giving Philippines secure and informed access to crypto
and digital assets. We’re thrilled to learn more today about that vision and
the vision behind the move. Cathy, it’s a pleasure to welcome you to METACO
Talks.



[00:01:03] **Catherine** : Yeah, likewise Seamus. It’s a pleasure to be here
as well, and an honor to be on your first episode for the year.



[00:01:10] **Seamus** : Thanks for joining. We often hear the criticism of
crypto, that the use cases are just speculative. But I think you’ve guys put
paint to that fact; that you actually have specific use cases. Three years ago
you launched the Philippine’s first stable coin, PHX. What is it and what was
behind? It would be great to hear more about it.



[00:01:30] **Catherine** : The idea of PHX stems from two things. First of
all, it was our desire to not just heed, but to respond to the call of pushing
for financial inclusion. The fact that not everyone has access to financial
products or the right financial products for their needs has always been one
of the pressing issues here in the Philippines, and probably in most of the
developing markets. Getting ahead on makes a lot of sense given that it has a
big potential to enact change that leads to a more sustainable economy and
society, which of course ultimately benefits every Filipino, every business,
every bank at the end of the day.

We knew that in a country like the Philippines, with more than 7,100 islands,
it’s a bit difficult and not to mention costly, for these banks like us to
reach everyone in each of these islands. I think probably everyone knows this
by now, that digital is really key to this. But the only way for it to work in
a way that is sustainable is to be digital from end to end. It’s front to
back. It has to be fully automated, it has to be seamless. Most importantly,
which I guess a lot of the digital projects have availed to do, is that it
should be consummated real-time. It means the transaction is final and cannot
be disputed. That’s end to end.

Here, blockchain technology has been a key enabler given that it supports this
particular use case. We’ve seen how Bitcoin enabled and the blockchain
technology can be transferred to anyone and anywhere in the world, and it gets
confirmed in just 10 minutes. We took this aspect as inspiration.

When the bank designed one of its first project, which the bank has done in
partnership with Consensus, we call it I2I, which stands for island to island,
institution to institution, or individual to individual. Think of it as a
blockchain based retail payment solution that allowed us to connect more than
a hundred rural community banks across the Philippines with each other, and
connecting them into the mainstream financial network using blockchain
technology at its core.

We’ve enabled these small rural banks who already know and understand the
community, instead of us putting benches there. They bring a more personal and
home grown touch, whose service their market’s needs, but who are themselves
underserved. We’ve given them the ability to perform more services at a faster
speed and at a lower price point, to serve customers that we can logistically
reach through this platform.

From this project, we saw a lot of potential in terms of having a more
interoperable blockchain based currency that could be used even outside the
i2i. The thinking was that, if you are able to drive value for a rural bank
community and their customer, how much more can you help the community if you
had the means to expand this reach beyond these rural banks? PHX was one.

Second was, launching our own stable coin has been part of our digital
transformation strategy, or what we used to call a digitized or parish
mission. We embarked on a digital transformation journey years ago ahead of
our peers, fully embracing what the word digital represents. For us, as I’ve
mentioned earlier, it was embracing it to our core. It’s front to back. While
we take pride and all of our digital products that they’ve enabled to be the
current infrastructure, we also leapt into new technologies. We continue to do
this. We continue to immerse ourselves and actively take part in designing and
building the infrastructure of the feature, where we see production as now
being more foundational, so PHX along with their other blockchain projects as
part of that strategy, essentially to prepare for the future of finance where
one possible state for us is one that is token based and where digital
identities and stable clients are said to be the main building blocks of.



[00:05:27] **Seamus** : Fascinating, clearly solving a real real-world
problem. How has been the reaction of the customers? What’s been the response
from the competitors in the market?



[00:05:36] **Catherine** : When we launched this product as a pilot execution,
it was very experiment. Our target market wasn’t our existing customers. It
was mostly, number one, the unbanked. Second, it was the customers of the
future. We put a lot of fashion into it because we were guided by the purpose
of what we were trying to do it. It helps the country, and at the same time it
helps us future proof our bank and our employees, ourselves basically.

As expected for majority of our customers, it was something new to them. They
were mostly curious about what it is and what it’s for. However, it came out
as a surprise, that there were quite the handful who actually already knew it;
how it’s supposed to work and were asking how they can purchase them – which
we never would have known if we didn’t launch this. It only goes to show that
probably the world the we’re preparing for seems to be getting closer or even
already here.

In terms of our competitors, I don’t think I have much to say about them. Ever
since we started our digital transformation journey, we started to focus more
on our customers and our mission, and we learned that at some point everyone
will be our partner instead of a competitor. With all the challenges that
we’re facing right now and all the changes, we realized that these are
challenges that not one institution can handle. Not one institution can solve
them.



[00:06:59] **Seamus** : It’s an inspired approach and very appropriate in this
new peer to peer world. Also I understand you were very instrumental in
UnionBank’s launch of the Bitcoin ATM. What’s been the impact of that so far?



[00:07:11] **Catherine** : I’ve always been very proud of this project, not
only because I was the one that led that project, but because of the things
that it has done for the bank as well as for the customers and ourselves, our
employees.

During that time, we found out that our customers are already starting to
dabble in cryptocurrency Bitcoins much earlier than most of us in the bank.
But a lot of them are not really fully aware of what it is, how it works, and
what their risks are. At the same time, we noticed that bank employees were
also prepared to address customer’s queries about the topic. But we knew that
some of our customers are knowledgeable in basic financial services in crypto
exchanges that offered cryptocurrency initially. With the switch starting to
happen because of their curiosity for transacting crypto, we also realized
that if and when the world turned upside down and everyone wanted to just do
crypto, the bank doesn’t have the skills or the process in place to operate
these kinds of services for our customers, let alone process virtual currency
related transactions.

The main objective of that project did not include potentially revenues, to be
honest. It was for the bank to learn and hedge against potential disruption. I
always liken it to buying a call option to the future. It was surprising
though that we were able to generate some revenue. The numbers are relatively
small to the banks and the bank’s income. It is dwarfed by the bank’s income.
But this product was self-sustaining. But more significantly the bank was
upskilling and retooling. That’s happened in the bank as a result of it. From
branch through operations, through accounting, legal, task, risk, et cetera,
because you worked in squads then. It became an opportunity for everyone to
learn new things and be better equipped with the skills of the future. This
paved the way for quicker implementation of other relevant digital projects,
such as what I’ve mentioned earlier, the stable digital coin PHX and other
blockchain based payment projects. We have all the support that we needed
already in the bank to be able to launch that faster. Key learnings and
developments for blockchain are attributed to the development and quicker
implementation of these projects.

From a commercial angle and a business angle – I’m picking bank here because
this is one of my favorite projects – we also increased levies and interest
coming from not only from the retail side, but corporations, foreign banks,
fintechs and tech companies that want to collaborate and do business with a
bank. Mentioning that UBP is going to be a leader in digital, that we even
have our own Bitcoin EPM in the initial conversations. The queries are not
really for crypto, but standard banking products to support their own digital
journey. We became part of their own digital journey as well: we get the
invitations for us to be key speakers in their learning programs, which they
also arrange for their employees. We’ve got them to know our customers better
in the process, and this cemented our bond with them and our lead in the
financial market in terms of our digital agenda.

We feel that this one small bitcoin EPM is true innovation for the banking
industry. As someone running that project, it really involved breaking
barriers, creating tension to deliver something that changes the game, that
results through eventually meaningful progress. It took a change in our
operating system and adopting a new way, creating an environment of ‘why not’
instead of ‘why’, which is very different years back. It is more open to
learning new skills. This is not that traditional product. It is definitely
one that is too controversial, especially for a bank and a regulated
institution. But we’ve be doing it because we believe in the purpose of the
project.

The typical use case then are people who send low value cash funds to their
relatives abroad, who have just recently moved and don’t have a bank account
there yet, and needed initial support for initial living expenses from their
loved ones here, or to convert small cash limit they have received abroad from
efficient payments.

We’ve been called a crypto-friendly bank because of. But the truth is, the
focus then of the back wasn’t actually crypto, it was really our customers.
These cases have always been about serving people, improving lives, both for
our customers as well as our employees.



[00:11:37] **Seamus** : Wow. That’s interesting. You’ve done a great job of
putting this customer centric view. It is pretty powerful. Interested what you
described with the PHX, it was really about solving 7,100 islands and how you
get to a branch or how you support that many branches. You’ve solved a
particular problem with the banking there.

We have also seen Philippines broadly is one of the leaders in terms of
adoption of cryptocurrencies. What’s driving that adoption in the retail
space, and in cryptocurrency specifically, and other digital assets?



[00:12:07] **Catherine** : The Philippine’s first venture into Bitcoin was
primarily to explore it as a transfer of value. This makes perfect sense when
one considers that one of the pillars of our economy is our Filipino brothers
working abroad as overseas workers and Filipinos working for foreign companies
in the business process outsourcing industry. Remittances still comprise an
enormous amount of our annual economic flow.

Despite the pandemic, but this comes with the fees as usual, Bitcoin has held
an immediate appeal for Filipinos because of its ability to provide an
alternative way of remitting money. These aspects allowed Filipino developers
and entrepreneurs to invest in a future where they could offer a service that
cuts down on the costs of these payments by incorporating that into their
maintenance process, hence the proliferation of crypto exchanges.

Another important use case is that it provided Filipinos with a way to
experience investing without having to shout out a large amount, because its
innate property or ability of crypto to be offered in fractions of units. They
had that experience of being able to invest and see what happens to your money
after. The pandemic has also been a game-changer. I might be stating the
obvious here for everyone, but this has accelerated the use of cryptocurrency.
The introduction of, for example, pay-to-earn, has recently become one of the
biggest stories of adoption of blockchain technology here in the Philippines.
Institutions are starting to see this as well from their own customers, and
how they are becoming now more crypto literate, or market curious. At some
point, similar to how the Facebooks and the Instagrams have changed customer
expectations, the same customers will now start to demand the same
seamlessness, the same frictionless kind of service provided by the
cryptocurrency industry across different products.

At the same time, they would need to help their customers navigate this and
enjoy this in a much safer way This now brings back renewed interest of
institutions and the momentum to explore digital assets. hat institutional
version of cryptocurrency. That’s how we see it now.



[14:52:12] **Seamus** : Interesting. How do you think, given the range of
different types of investments there are now in cryptos, how do you think this
new investment class of clients’ portfolio will look? Will they still look at
traditional assets, like equities or bonds, or is this a future we’re looking
at, that everything’s crypto assets?



[15:18:08] **Catherine** : I still believe that even if consumer behavior
continues to evolve from here, portfolio theory will still hold. It’s always
going to be a function of risk return relative to your overall portfolio. If
we’re talking about crypto assets, cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, Ether, my
view is that as long as the volatility remains at the higher end of the
spectrum, portfolio allocation would still be relatively small.

However, unlike before, I think it will now become more a staple in everyone’s
investment portfolio. It could be just a small amount, but it’s always going
to be there as it provides significant diversification benefits.

Now what’s interesting though is in the area of digital asset, which could
cover not just cryptocurrency, but blockchain based traditional bonds and
equities using Blockchain technology. This is an entirely different story,
because it could be bigger depending on how technology in the capital market
space would evolve.



[16:22:23] **Seamus** : Given all the exciting innovation you’ve done; I have
to ask about the Blockchain Center of Excellence. I’d love to hear more about
what that is, how it’s grown over time and what your plans are going forward.



[16:34:32] **Catherine** : The bank’s digital transformation is actually less
about tech, but more about people. Part of the plan was to provide an
opportunity for people inside the bank to learn. One of the key pillars, we
said our people should learn this was blockchain. The Blockchain Center of
Excellence, this was a dedicated unit in the bank. It was formed to further
research blockchain research and experimentation, and to drive and promote
blockchain use cases across the bank.

Initially during the first years we conducted blockchain one-on-ones, giving
people an opportunity not just to learn but to also ask questions. That
included also launching game changing POCs and pilots across multiple use
cases. But going back to mindset, the culture of openness and collaboration
when learning about blockchain was crucial, and pushing the teams to look
beyond what blockchain is on the surface. For years since its establishment,
the Blockchain Center of Excellence now sits under a group called Blockchain
and API Business Group. It is a business group now, as the bank slowly
transitions from pilots and POCs to commercialization.

Now the focus has shifted towards a more sustainable business model to be able
to deliver what we’ve learned; these financials solutions that cater to new
customer needs and the demand for new experiences and products.



[17:59:20] **Seamus** : How does that fit into the bank’s broader innovation
strategy?



[18:03:05] **Catherine** : As I mentioned earlier, it was our hedge to the
future. It was a natural evolution in our digital transformation journey, that
essentially allowed us to build not just the capabilities, but the skills of
the future. It competes our digital to the core promise. As I’ve mentioned,
innovating end to end. We are seeing the benefit of doing this early, as we
saw that it gave birth to a number of groundbreaking innovations that allowed
us to bring more value to our customers and further our tech of Filipinos
advocacy.



[18:42:08] **Seamus** : When I look at the pace of innovation you guys are
driving in the space of particularly crypto and digital assets, it’s obviously
light speed compared to many other jurisdictions or banks. What’s the reaction
and the support you get from the regulators in Philippines?



[18:57:45] **Catherine** : As you’ve mentioned regulations play a vital role
in the lifecycle of any new or emerging technology. I can say that the
regulators really value innovation and its role in financial inclusion. I
believe that our regulatory framework as well as all the other countries, is
still at an early stage and it’s still evolving as technology and our
customers evolve in it. But I admire the resolve of our regulators here in
terms of its role in promoting financial inclusion and pushing for the
Sustainable Development Goals agenda. It’s not easy to regulate the crypto
industry, for example, because of its innate characteristics. It’s totally
different from how we have set up the financial system basically. But you see
the effort and their openness to support innovation in this space, especially
for use cases that advance inclusive prosperity and the growth of the economy,
provided that the consumers’ right to protection remain safeguarded.

For the BSP, our central bank, while they have policies that allow for this,
they also provide warning advisories in cryptocurrency to ensure that
consumers are aware of the risks that come with it. They have also very
stringent rules and policies for those that want to offer this service.



[20:18:03] **Seamus** : To cover a slightly different angle, we’ve talked
about the technology specifically, given all these implementations you’ve
done, what are the technical considerations and challenges when it comes to
operate digital assets? We’ve just said you operate in a highly regulated
environment for the consumer protections, etc.



[20:36:24] **Catherine** : Here the biggest consideration is whether you even
have the skills to evaluate or operate this new technology in the first place,
and the framework at which this technology can be deployed. It’s not limited
to your internal policies, but the regulations and regulatory environment that
you can operate in.

In terms of the biggest challenge, it’s that everything is not just new to
you, but it’s sometimes also crunch addicting, as mentioned earlier, to how
things had been established and ran for decades. An example would be for a
bank, to offer their clients the ability to do self-custody, of their
investments, which contradicts our long standing assumption that customers go
to the banks or brokers, because the bank or brokers act as their custodian
typically, and that no one would ever think of doing it themselves in the
first place. But that’s not the story now.

As long as you maintain the same assumptions, it will be very difficult to
think about technological considerations and operations of digital assets. The
longer you hold to these assumptions, the slower you learn and the less open
you become to learning it. Usually, the more difficult part is really getting
to that point of deciding whether or not you should operate digital assets in
the first place. But once you’re past that it becomes easier, because if the
resolve is there, you’ll realize that you have very talented people in the
organization who just happen to learn fast and adapt fast across functions,
and that you are now also more open to working with partners for capabilities
that you don’t have.



[22:15:24] **Seamus** : Well, at that point I was going to ask the partner
question. How do you prioritize building things internally versus partnering
in the market? What are the key aspects in choosing partners?



[22:26:15] **Catherine** : It is case to case for us. It is essentially crypto
tech evaluation and the bank. It’s similar to how we evaluate tech in general,
or partners in general. It goes through an independent and rigorous process,
that includes evaluating whether to build in-house, to buy or partner, or to
do a combination of all three, because sometimes it’s possible depending on
how complex it is.

In-house solutions are compared to external solutions, and evaluated in terms
of a set of criteria that covers commercial, time to market, risks, reputation
in the industry, among others.



[23:08:37] **Seamus** : I don’t normally have a sales plug, but I have to ask,
given that UBP recently announced a partnership with METACO, and IBM ran our
platform, how does that fit into your strategy?



[23:21:42] **Catherine** : Both METACO and IBM are strong names in the
industry. This is crucial for our strategy of building the bank’s capabilities
and in preparation for the future of banking. We’re in the business of trust,
and it’s very important that we trust the partners that we work with.
Institutional, great vetted partners are at top of the list. Typically, we
will want long standing relationships. We’ve had one with IBM and we’re
looking to have one with METACO as well.



[23:57:12] **Seamus** : Excellent. What are the use cases you’re looking at
for crypto custody and trade? I understand this kind of a starting point?



[24:03:47] **Catherine** : Well, my only answer would be whatever our
customers need, both present and the future. As we have learned, especially
after the pandemic, anything if possible. Nothing is fixed. One day it could
be tokenization, the next day it could be something else. Everything could
change, hence our continued focus on the customers and a great deal of effort
in terms of finding out what’s happening out there, even beyond this space
that we traditionally operate in. We continuously try to identify and build
the capabilities to service them.



[24:35:22]**  Seamus**: I’d be curious to ask, because DeFi is something that
we look at as potentially reinventing the bank and score stack. I understand
the client question, but how do you look at that from a technical perspective,
the whole DeFi evolution in the market?



[24:50:13] **Catherine** : I think it’s very relevant. It’s actually first
principles thinking. If you have the technology to have that available and the
customers want that kind of experience, I think everyone should look at it and
look into it. We’re not used to having a decentralized governance. We’re not
used to having decentralized systems, but at some point if we look deeper into
it, you’d see a lot of benefits. What benefits us benefits as the customers as
well. There are ways in which banks can participate in the decentralized
space, but that will take time because it’s more than a private institution
decision. It’s a function of political and regulatory framework. But it isn’t
very interesting space, and we have our eyes set on it.



[25:49:10] **Seamus** : Well, clearly, everybody should be watching this
space, because you’re breaking new ground in the banking space globally.
Cathy, it has been super exciting to have you on here as our first guest for
2022. Thanks for your time today. Do you have anything else you want to like
to comment on before we wrap up?



[26:05:25] **Catherine** : Well, thank you Seamus, and thank you METACO as
well. To our guests, thank you for your time. We are always excited to
represent UnionBank of the Philippines and our Blockchain Center of
Excellence. We’re happy also to share our stories of transformation. I’m
hoping that it inspires more collaboration towards finding solutions to
improve our lives, not just in the aspect of banking or financial services,
but beyond.

To the audience that are interested to know more about blockchain and how this
story has evolved in the Philippines, my boss Henny, and a good and former
colleague Nathan, and I have written a book. If you want, it’s available in
Amazon and Kindle as well. It’s called Opening the Archipelago: The Blockchain
Story in The Philippines. If you want to know more about the story of
UnionBank, it’s all there.



[26:58:45] **Seamus** : I wasn’t aware of that. I’ll check that up myself.
Great, Cathy. Thanks for joining us today. Thanks everybody for joining METACO
Talk. Join us again in a couple of weeks for our next installment. Until then,
have a great time. Thanks for joining. Bye.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Unlocking the crypto opportunity for the Philippines market [METACO TALKS
#29]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3uq4NKCDGE)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3uq4NKCDGE&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 27:26•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3uq4NKCDGE "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3uq4NKCDGE), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

