  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Security](/blog?category=Security)  >
[Insights from Our Latest Audit with Salus](/blog/insights-from-our-latest-
audit-with-salus)

##### Security

# Insights from Our Latest Audit with Salus

Published on: Apr 26, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Emphasizing Security in Every Step**
  * **Findings & Enhancements: A Transparent Overview**
  * **Our Ongoing Commitment**

##### In Brief

Discover the latest insights from Trust Wallet’s security audit conducted by
Salus, showcasing our enhanced security measures and commitment to user safety
in the evolving digital asset space. Learn how our continuous improvements
make Trust Wallet the safest choice for managing your digital assets.

![Insights from Our Latest Audit with
Salus](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FSALUS_a04cd0b0c1.png&w=3840&q=75)

At Trust Wallet, our dedication to maintaining the highest standards of
security and privacy in the digital asset space is unwavering. Today, we're
excited to share insights from our latest security audit conducted by the
reputable firm Salus, focusing on our continued efforts to ensure the utmost
safety for our users.

## Emphasizing Security in Every Step

As the crypto and Web3 environments continue to advance and expand, so does
the critical need for robust security measures. In our continuous journey to
ensure the safety of our users, Trust Wallet underwent a focused security
audit by Salus, with our assets under Trust Wallet being the primary
evaluation object. Among these, [trustwallet.com](https://trustwallet.com/)
was highlighted for comprehensive evaluation, underscoring our commitment to
safeguarding our platform against evolving digital threats.

## Findings & Enhancements: A Transparent Overview

The Salus security audit was comprehensive, pinpointing key areas where Trust
Wallet excels and where we can enhance our security framework. Key
recommendations include:

  1. **Enhancing Protection of Critical Information:** We're fortifying our data security by imposing additional layers of protection on sensitive data held on our servers. This enhancement not only ensures the uniformity of the returned and displayed data but also significantly reduces any data redundancy.

  2. **Optimization of Web Pages** : Streamlining our online presence by removing non-essential pages and enhancing access control for necessary middleware management interfaces. Our users will find what they need faster and more directly, making the Trust Wallet interface efficient and straightforward to use.

These insights provide us with clear directives to bolster our security
measures, making Trust Wallet even safer for our users.

Read the full report here: [View Report](https://strapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com/Penetration_Testing_Report_for_Trust_Wallet_5638499b01.pdf)

## Our Ongoing Commitment

Our proactive stance on security audits and adherence to the recommendations
is not just about internal improvements. It's about reinforcing the trust you
place in us as your chosen digital wallet. With each audit, with every
upgrade, we're not just enhancing our platform; we're reaffirming our
commitment to your security and privacy.

Additionally, our mission extends beyond providing a secure platform for
managing digital assets. It's about creating a transparent, trust-filled
relationship with you, our users. This audit and its outcomes are part of our
open-book approach to security. We believe in keeping you informed every step
of the way, ensuring that Trust Wallet remains the most reliable and safe
choice in the digital wallet space. Learn more about [Trust Wallet
Security](https://trustwallet.com/security).

We’re always improving and driving forward, and we want you to be a part of
that journey. Join the Trust Wallet community today and experience first-hand
our commitment to your security and convenience.

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

