  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to BEAM](/blog/beginners-guide-to-beam)

##### Blockchain

# A Beginner's Guide to BEAM

Published on: May 15, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **The Beam Gaming Ecosystem**
  * **Beam Tools and DApps**
  * **What is The BEAM Token?**
  * **Beam Advantages for Players and Developers**
  * **How to Deposit BEAM to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Discover everything you need to know about Beam, the BEAM token and its place
in crypto gaming.

![A Beginner's Guide to BEAM](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeam_beginners_guide_5dc0f2babf.png&w=3840&q=75)

The world of [crypto gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-gaming) is
constantly evolving, with new projects and technologies emerging. One name
gaining traction in this space is BEAM. BEAM is a native token that fuels the
Beam ecosystem, where gamers and developers collaborate to shape the future of
the industry.

In this beginner’s guide, we'll explore the BEAM token's role within the
network, its functionalities in crypto gaming, and the unique advantages it
offers for both players and developers.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## The Beam Gaming Ecosystem

[Beam (BEAM)](https://trustwallet.com/beam-wallet) is a gaming-focused
blockchain recently launched by Merit Circle. Merit Circle is a decentralized
autonomous organization (DAO) that supports and promotes
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com) gaming platforms and initiatives. Beam
embodies a thriving community-driven ecosystem where gamers and developers
come together to shape the future of the gaming industry. Whether you're a
visionary developer poised to craft the next gaming sensation or an avid
player in pursuit of the best Web3 gaming experiences, Beam presents a
powerful, flexible solution.

Currently, Beam functions as an Avalanche subnet. Beam is its own blockchain,
and part of a dynamic interconnected network. The beam ecosystem benefits from
the scale, speed, and security of the
[Avalanche](https://trustwallet.com/avalanche-wallet) protocol. Beam also has
the capability to function autonomously, prioritizing its distinctive focus on
gaming applications.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore BEAM in more detail, it’s important to remember that you
can manage BEAM using Trust Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![beam-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeam_beginners_guide_3_8cf2b613b1.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Beam Tools and DApps

The Beam ecosystem is enriched by a variety of tools and decentralized
applications (DApps). Here's a glimpse into the essential tools and DApps that
empower both gamers and developers:

### Beam Companion App

The Beam Companion App serves as your trusted gaming ally, enabling you to
seamlessly manage your in-game assets on the go. Whether you're sending items
to friends, or staying updated on your favorite games, the Companion App
ensures you're always in control of your gaming journey.

### Sphere Market

Sphere Market is your one-stop marketplace for gaming assets, offering a user-
friendly platform for buying, selling, and trading digital treasures. As the
backbone of the Beam SDK, Sphere empowers game developers to create in-game
marketplaces like never before, revolutionizing the gaming economy.

### Beam Hub

Beam Hub is your gateway to the gaming universe, offering a diverse catalog of
games catering to every preference. With the ability to host campaigns and
embark on quests, Beam Hub elevates the gaming experience and emerges as a
leading gaming hub within the Beam ecosystem.

### Beam Swap

Beam Swap facilitates seamless asset swaps on the Beam network, giving you a
quick and efficient platform for exchanging digital assets. Whether you're
converting tokens or diversifying your portfolio, Beam Swap streamlines the
process and ensures a hassle-free experience.

### Beam Bridge

Beam Bridge bridges the gap between different blockchain networks, enabling
seamless asset transfers and interoperability. Whether you're moving assets
between chains or exploring new opportunities, Beam Bridge opens doors to a
world of possibilities within the blockchain ecosystem.

![beam-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeam_beginners_guide_1_3da780db3f.png&w=3840&q=75)

## What is The BEAM Token?

The [BEAM token](https://trustwallet.com/beam-wallet) is the native crypto for
the Beam network. The Beam network is a gaming network empowered by the Merit
Circle DAO. All transaction fees on the Beam network are paid in BEAM. With
the full transition to the Proof of Stake (PoS) validation model, BEAM tokens
also serve as staking assets. Under the platform's staking rules, BEAM holders
can delegate funds to their preferred validator node and receive a portion of
the block rewards generated.

In addition to its role as a transactional and staking currency, the BEAM
token holds significance within the governance structure of the Merit Circle
DAO. Initially, the DAO maintained its own crypto token, MC, used for
organizational governance. Upon Beam's launch, however, a migration plan was
announced, transitioning MC tokens to BEAM at a fixed ratio of 1 MC to 100
BEAM. This migration window extends until October 26, 2024, after which BEAM
will assume governance functions, replacing MC.

The BEAM crypto was introduced on October 26, 2023, with a total supply of
nearly 63 billion, and more than 44 billion already in circulation. It
operates under a supply-capped model, with its maximum supply set at the same
number as its total supply. No additional BEAM can be minted under the
governance of the Merit Circle community.

As the native cryptocurrency of the Beam network, BEAM facilitates
transactions and interactions within the ecosystem, including transfers of
assets and interactions with smart contracts. Beyond its utility as a gas
token for network operations, BEAM plays a crucial role in the governance of
the Merit Circle DAO, empowering token holders to participate in shaping the
future of the gaming industry through decentralized governance mechanisms.

The [BEAM crypto](https://trustwallet.com/beam-wallet) is available on Trust
Wallet on 2 blockchain networks, including
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) and the [BNB Smart
Chain](https://trustwallet.com/bnb-wallet).

![beam-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeam_beginners_guide_2_982e28a11c.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Beam Advantages for Players and Developers

Beam stands out in the [crypto gaming
landscape](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-gaming) by offering a
compelling set of advantages for both players and developers. Here's a
breakdown of what makes Beam unique:

### For Players:

  * **True in-game asset ownership:** Beam empowers players with real ownership of their in-game items and digital collectibles. Unlike traditional games, these assets aren't locked within a single game. The Beam Companion App enables players to manage, swap, and potentially sell, these assets on marketplaces like Sphere, fostering a sense of investment and opening doors to potential revenue streams.

  * **Frictionless onboarding:** Beam leverages OpenFort to streamline account creation within games. Players can jump right into the action without any hurdles, making Beam a more accessible entry point into the world of crypto gaming.

  * **Early access to innovation:** Beam cultivates a developer-friendly environment, attracting studios building the next generation of blockchain games. Players can be among the first to experience these cutting-edge titles and explore the possibilities of blockchain integration within gaming.

  * **Seamless interoperability:** Beam isn't confined to a single blockchain. Their multi-chain future, with bridges to networks like Avalanche and Immutable zkEVM, allows for wider asset utility. This interoperability opens doors for richer and more connected gaming experiences.

### For Developers:

  * **Beam SDK:** Beam provides a robust Software Development Kit (SDK) packed with tools and resources. This empowers developers to effortlessly integrate Beam functionality into their games, simplifying the process and allowing them to focus on creating engaging gameplay experiences.

  * **Focus on developer success:** Beam prioritizes developer success. Their ecosystem offers extensive resources, tutorials, and support to help studios navigate the complexities of blockchain integration within games. This lowers the barrier to entry and fosters a more vibrant development community.

  * **A growing gaming ecosystem:** Beam Hub acts as a central platform for players to discover new games, participate in tournaments, and connect with a passionate gaming community. This provides developers with a built-in audience for their games and fosters a network effect that can fuel the growth of the entire Beam ecosystem.

## How to Deposit BEAM to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit BEAM from another [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) address or from a
centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “BEAM” and select it. BEAM is available on Trust Wallet on the Ethereum network and the BNB Smart Chain.

![beam-beginners-guide-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbeam_beginners_guide_4_e97a9a9841.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other crypto wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to BEAM, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

