s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

# Squads Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is part of the Squads Terms of Service at
<https://squads.so/legal/terms-of-service>. All terms, conditions, and
terminology are consistent with the Terms of Service, and the Terms of Service
are incorporated into this document by reference.

This policy governs the use of the Squads websites at <https://www.sqds.io>
and <https://www.squads.so> and the associated tools and services.

Collectively, the website and the associated tools and services are referred
to as the â**Services** â in these terms. The operator may offer other
products and services.

In addition to the Squads website and the associated tools and services, the
Services include:

  * Squads web apps at app.squads.so, v3.squads.so, v2.squads.so and other addresses

  * SquadsX browser extension at squads.so/extension

The Services do not include outside websites or platforms which may be linked
or interconnected to the Services. Such outside platforms may have their own
terms of service, which control for all transactions on such platforms. These
outside platforms may include, but are not limited to:

  * Github (<https://github.com>) 

  * GitBook (<https://www.gitbook.com>) 

  * Typeform (<https://typeform.com>) 

Selimor Investments Limited, a British Virgin Islands company, operates the
Services. It and its affiliates are referred to in this document as the
âoperator,â âwe,â or âus.â

### The Blockchain

Blockchain technology, also known as distributed ledger technology (or simply
âDLTâ), is at the core of our business. Blockchains are decentralized and
made up of digitally recorded data in a chain of packages called âblocksâ.
The manner in which these blocks are linked is chronological, meaning that the
data is very difficult to alter once recorded. Since the ledger may be
distributed all over the world (across several ânodesâ which usually
replicate the ledger) this means there is no single person making decisions or
otherwise administering the system (such as an operator of a cloud computing
system), and that there is no centralized place where it is located either.

**This means that by design, a blockchainâs records cannot be changed or
deleted and is said to be âimmutableâ.** This may affect your ability to
exercise your rights such as your right to erasure (âright to be
forgottenâ), or your rights to object or restrict processing, of your
personal data. Data on the blockchain canât be erased or changed. Although
smart contracts may be used to revoke certain access rights, and some content
may be made invisible to others, it is not deleted.

In certain circumstances, in order to comply with our contractual obligations
to you (such as delivery of tokens) it will be necessary to write certain
personal data, such as your wallet address, onto the blockchain; this requires
you to execute such transactions using your walletâs private key.

In most cases ultimate decisions to (i) transact on the blockchain using your
wallet address, as well as (ii) share the public key relating to your wallet
address with anyone (including us) rests with you.

**If you want to ensure your privacy rights are not affected in any way, you
should not transact on blockchains as certain rights may not be fully
available or exercisable by you or us due to the technological infrastructure
of the blockchain. The blockchain is available to the public and any personal
data shared on the blockchain will become publicly available.**

### Individuals under the Age of 18

As per our Terms of Service, individuals under the age of 18 are not permitted
to use the Services. As such, we do not knowingly collect, solicit or maintain
personal data from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons
to register for the Services.

In the event that we learn that we have collected personal data from an
individual under age 18, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete
that information from our database. Please contact us if you have any
concerns. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child
has provided personal data to the Services, please contact us so that we may
remove such data. Note that we cannot delete information stored on public
cryptographic blockchains.

### Collecting

#### Things you and others do and provide.

  * **Information and content you provide.**  We collect the content, communications and other information you provide when you use our Services, including when you initiate the use of the Services, create or share content, and message or communicate with others.

  * **Your usage.**  We collect information about how you use our Services, such as the types of content you view or engage with; the features you use; the actions you take; the people or accounts you interact with; and the time, frequency and duration of your activities.

  * **Information about transactions made on our Services.**  If you use our Services for transactions of any kind, we collect information about them.

  * **Things others do and information they provide about you.**  We also receive and analyze content, communications and information that other people provide when they use our Services.

### Cookies

We, and our partners, use cookies and similar technologies to give you the
best possible content and experience. Cookies are used to remember you and to
collect information about how you interact with the Services. If you have an
account with the Services, we may link this usage data with other information.
You may have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies. If you
choose to refuse, you may not be able to use some portions of the Services.

### Device Information

As described below, we collect information from and about the computers,
phones, and other web-connected devices you use that interact with our
Services, and we combine this information across different devices you use.

Information we obtain from these devices includes:

  * **Device attributes:  **information such as the operating system, hardware and software versions, battery level, signal strength, available storage space, browser type, app and file names and types, and plugins.

  * **Device operations:**  information about operations and behaviors performed on the device, such as whether a window is foregrounded or backgrounded, or mouse movements (which can help distinguish humans from bots).

  * **Identifiers:**  unique identifiers, device IDs, and other identifiers.

  * **Data from device settings:  **information you allow us to receive through device settings you turn on, such as access to your GPS location, camera or photos.

  * **Network and connections:**  information such as the name of your mobile operator or ISP, language, time zone, mobile phone number, IP address, connection speed and, in some cases, information about other devices that are nearby or on your network.

  * **Cookie data:  **data from cookies stored on your device, including cookie IDs and settings.

  * **Information necessary to enable push notifications:** if you enable push notifications in our services, we will collect information from your device as may be necessary to enable such notifications

### Information from partners.

  * The Services use Google Analytics and other Google services to gather information about the computers and devices that connect to them. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit this site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Googleâs ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to this site is restricted by the [Google Analytics Terms of Use](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/) and the [Google Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy). You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by [disabling cookies](https://www.usa.gov/optout-instructions) on your browser. 

### When using the Services

When using the Services, we may collect and process personal data. The data
will be stored in different instances. We collect and use this information to
provide you the Services and to debug issues and provide support.

  * On the Blockchain the following data may be stored:

    * addresses of externally owned accounts

    * transactions made; and

    * token balances.

**The data will be stored on the Blockchain. Given the technological design of
the blockchain, this data will become public and it will not likely be
possible to delete or change the data at any given time.**

  * In our web servers, we will store the following data:

    * addresses of externally owned accounts; and

    * transactions made.

  * Log Data

    * the Internet protocol address (âIP addressâ); and

    * transaction id/ Hash.

### Tracking and Uses

We use the information we have (subject to choices you make) as described
below and to provide and support the Services. Here's how:

#### Provide, personalize and improve our Services.

We use the information we have to deliver our Services, including to
personalize features and content.

  * **Information across devices:  **We connect information about your activities on different devices to provide a more tailored and consistent experience.

  * **Location-related information:**  We use location-related information-such as your current location, where you live, the places you like to go, and the businesses and people you're near-to provide, personalize and improve our Services.

  * **Product research and development:  **We use the information we have to develop, test and improve our Services, including by conducting surveys and research, and testing and troubleshooting new products and features.

  * **Ads and other sponsored content:**  We use the information we have about you â including information about your interests, actions and connections â to select and personalize ads, offers and other sponsored content that we show you.

#### Provide measurement, analytics, and other business services.

We use the information we have (including your activity on our Services) to
help advertisers and other partners measure the effectiveness and distribution
of their ads and services, and understand the types of people who use their
services and how people interact with their websites, apps, and services.

The Services use Google Analytics to gather information about their use.
Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site,
what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to
coming to this site. The Services use the information we get from Google
Analytics only to improve this site. Google Analytics collects only the IP
address assigned to you on the date you visit this site, rather than your name
or other identifying information.

#### Promote safety, integrity and security.

We use the information we have to verify accounts and activity, combat harmful
conduct, detect and prevent spam and other bad experiences, maintain the
integrity of our Services, and promote safety and security.

#### Communicate with you.

We use the information we have to send you marketing communications,
communicate with you about our Services, and let you know about our policies
and terms. We also use your information to respond to you when you contact us.

Because recognition of the [Do Not Track HTTP header feature of your web
browser](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Do_Not_Track) is not standardized, the
Services donât recognize it for tracking purposes.

### Third-Party Data Collection

Third parties may collect or receive certain information about you and/or your
use of the Services to provide content, ads (including personalized ads), or
functionality, or to measure and analyze ad performance, in or through the
Services. You may choose whether to receive certain personalized (also known
as targeted) advertising from participating ad networks, audience segment
providers, ad serving vendors, other service providers or entities by visiting
websites operated by the [Network Advertising
Initiative](https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1) and [Digital
Advertising Alliance](https://aboutads.info/) or if you are a user in the
European Economic Area, [Your Online Choices](https://youronlinechoices.eu/).
We adhere to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.

### Retention

The Services may keep the information we gather about you for the length of
time required for providing the Services.

To request that information collected about you be deleted, please contact us
at the email provided in this policy. A valid request must include sufficient
information to identify your personal data. Note that we cannot delete
information stored on public cryptographic blockchains.

### Sharing

The Services do not share any information about you with advertisers,
marketing companies, or anyone else, except as necessary to run this site.

### Security

We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal
data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorized way,
altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to
those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a
business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our
instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.

We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data
breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we
are legally required to do so.

### Contact

If you have comments or questions about the privacy policies of the Services,
contact [privacy@sqds.io](mailto:privacy@sqds.io).

### Changes

The Services may change their privacy policy at any time. Check this page for
the latest.

### CCPA Addendum â Compliance

You agree to do your respective parts to comply with the California Consumer
Privacy Act and its regulations, consistent with the operatorâs role as a
âservice providerâ, and not as a âthird partyâ, under that law.

#### Cooperation

Whenever it is feasible and legal to do so, both the operator and You will
give the other prompt notice of user rights requests, regulatory inquiries,
and other communications under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Both sides
agree to cooperate in good faith to respond to and honor such communications,
and to meet other obligations under the California Consumer Privacy Act.

#### Prohibitions

The operator may not:

  * sell personal information collected from consumers covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act that You disclose to the operator

  * retain, use, or disclose such information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the services in the Terms of Service, including retaining, using, or disclosing such information for a commercial purpose other than providing the services Terms of Service

  * retain, use, or disclose such information outside of a direct business relationship between the operator and You

#### Certification

The operator understands the restrictions in Prohibitions and will comply with
them.

#### Minimization

Both You and the operator agree to limit use of personal information covered
by the California Consumer Privacy Act to that reasonably necessary and
proportionate to achieve the purpose of the Terms of Service, consistent with
the meaning of âbusiness purposeâ under that law.

#### Subcontracting

The operator agrees to ensure that each subcontractor that processes Your
information covered by the California Consumer Privacy Act will also qualify
as a âservice providerâ, and not as a âthird partyâ, under that law.

#### Personal Information

Of the following categories of personal information:

  * identifiers (such as contact information, government IDs, cookies, etc.),

  * information protected against security breaches (such as your name and financial account, driverâs license, social security number, user name and password, health/medical information),

  * protected classification information (like race, gender, ethnicity, etc.),

  * other information, including commercial information, Internet/electronic activity, geolocation, audio/video data, professional or employment related information, education information, biometrics, and inferences from the foregoing;

the operator has not collected, used for a business purpose, or sold any data
within the last 12 months, as of the date of this agreement.

#### Previously Submitted Information

To request access or changes to information previously submitted, please
contact the operator at the address provided above (under the âContactâ
heading).

#### Conflicts

If the terms of this addendum conflict with terms of the Terms of Service or
Privacy Policy, the terms of this addendum take precedence.

### GDPR / EU Addendum

### Transferring Your data outside of the EU

The data mentioned in this document will be stored in the United States. We
use Amazon Web Server, Sentry.io, Mixpanel, and DigitalOcean, each of which is
based in the US, and each of which is certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy
Framework. We also use Vercel, which is based in the US, and which is not
certified under the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework.

**But, when interacting with the blockchain, as explained above in this
Policy, the blockchain is a global decentralized public network and
accordingly any personal data written onto the blockchain may be transferred
and stored across the globe.**

### Your Rights as a Data Subject

You have certain rights under applicable legislation, and in particular under
Regulation EU 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation or âGDPRâ). We
explain these below. You can find out more about the GDPR and your rights by
accessing the [European Commissionâs
website](https://commission.europa.eu/law/law-topic/data-protection_en).

#### Right Information and access

You have a right to be informed about the processing of your personal data
(and if you did not give it to us, information as to the source). This
document provides that information, and you may contact us for additional
information.

#### Right to rectification

You have the right to have any inaccurate personal information about you
rectified and to have any incomplete personal information about you completed.
You may also request that we restrict the processing of that information. The
accuracy of your information is important to us. If you do not want us to use
your Personal Information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy, or
need to advise us of any changes to your personal information, or would like
any more information about the way in which we collect and use your Personal
Information, please contact us at the above details.

#### Right to erasure (right to be âforgottenâ)

You have the general right to request the erasure of your personal information
in the following circumstances:

  * the personal information is no longer necessary for the purpose for which it was collected;

  * you withdraw your consent to consent based processing and no other legal justification for processing applies;

  * you object to processing for direct marketing purposes;

  * we unlawfully processed your personal information; and

  * erasure is required to comply with a legal obligation that applies to us.

**But, when interacting with the blockchain we may not be able to ensure that
your personal data is deleted. This is because the blockchain is a public
decentralized network and blockchain technology does not generally allow for
data to be deleted and your right to erasure may not be able to be fully
enforced. In these circumstances we will only be able to ensure that all
personal data that is held by us is permanently deleted.**

We will proceed to comply with an erasure request without delay unless
continued retention is necessary for:

  * Exercising the right of freedom of expression and information;

  * Complying with a legal obligation under EU or other applicable law;

  * The performance of a task carried out in the public interest;

  * Archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes, under certain circumstances; and/or

  * The establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.

#### Right to restrict processing and right to object to processing

You have a right to restrict processing of your personal information, such as
where:

  * you contest the accuracy of the personal information;

  * where processing is unlawful you may request, instead of requesting erasure, that we restrict the use of the unlawfully processed personal information;

  * we no longer need to process your personal information but need to retain your information for the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims.

You also have the right to object to processing of your personal information
under certain circumstances, such as where the processing is based on your
consent and you withdraw that consent. This may impact the services we can
provide and we will explain this to you if you decide to exercise this right.

**But, when interacting with the blockchain, as it is a public decentralized
network, we will likely not be able to prevent external parties from
processing any personal data which has been written onto the blockchain. In
these circumstances we will use our reasonable endeavors to ensure that all
processing of personal data held by us is restricted, notwithstanding this,
your right to restrict to processing may not be able to be fully enforced.**

#### Contact

The identity and contact details of the organization are as follows:

Selimor Investments Limited

Market Square, Yamraj Building

P.O. Box 3175, 3rd Floor

Road Town, Tortola

British Virgin Islands

#### Right to data portability

Where the legal basis for our processing is your consent or the processing is
necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are party or in order
to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, you have a
right to receive the personal information you provided to us in a structured,
commonly used and machine-readable format, or ask us to send it to another
person.

#### Right to freedom from automated decision-making

We do not use automated decision-making, but where any automated decision-
making takes place, you have the right in this case to express your point of
view and to contest the decision, as well as request that decisions based on
automated processing concerning you or significantly affecting you and based
on your personal data are made by natural persons, not only by computers.

#### Right to object to direct marketing (âopting outâ)

You have a choice about whether or not you wish to receive information from
us. We will not contact you for marketing purposes unless:

you have a business relationship with us, and we rely on our legitimate
interests as the lawful basis for processing (as described above)

you have otherwise given your prior consent (such as when you download one of
our guides)

You can change your marketing preferences at any time by contacting us on the
above details. On each and every marketing communication, we will always
provide the option for you to exercise your right to object to the processing
of your personal data for marketing purposes (known as âopting-outâ) by
clicking on the âunsubscribeâ button on our marketing emails or choosing a
similar opt-out option on any forms we use to collect your data. You may also
opt-out at any time by contacting us on the below details.

Please note that any administrative or service-related communications (to
offer our services, or notify you of an update to this Privacy Policy or
applicable terms of business, etc.) will solely be directed at our clients or
business partners, and such communications generally do not offer an option to
unsubscribe as they are necessary to provide the services requested.
Therefore, please be aware that your ability to opt-out from receiving
marketing and promotional materials does not change our right to contact you
regarding your use of our Services or as part of a contractual relationship we
may have with you.

#### Right to request access

You also have a right to access information we hold about you. We are happy to
provide you with details of your Personal Information that we hold or process.
To protect your personal information, we follow set storage and disclosure
procedures, which mean that we will require proof of identity from you prior
to disclosing such information. You can exercise this right at any time by
contacting us on the above details.

#### Right to withdraw consent

Where the legal basis for processing your personal information is your
consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time by contacting
us on the above details.

#### Raising a complaint about how we have handled your personal data

If you wish to raise a complaint on how we have handled your personal data,
you can contact us as set out above and we will then investigate the matter.

#### How to contact the appropriate authority

Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that we have not
addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the
Information Commissionerâs Office in your jurisdiction.

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](./terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](./privacy-policy)

