Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Metaco, AlgoTrader and Cysec announce strategic partnership

  *  __ June 19, 2019
  *  __6 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-algotrader-and-cysec-announce-strategic-partnership%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-algotrader-and-cysec-announce-strategic-partnership%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Swiss fintech experts join forces to build a technology stack for
financial institutions to seamlessly onboard, manage and trade
cryptocurrencies and other crypto assets.

**Zurich/Geneva, 19th June 2019**

METACO, AlgoTrader and Cysec (formerly ArcaTrust) have entered into a
strategic partnership to offer a comprehensive, all Swiss-made crypto asset
management ecosystem for financial institutions to manage the entire life-
cycle of their crypto assets: from secure storage and management to automated
trading and execution.

This partnership builds on the leadership and complementary core competencies
of the three Swiss companies by combining best-in-class hardware security by
Cysec, METACO’s leading crypto asset storage and management technology, SILO,
and institutional-grade automated trading execution by AlgoTrader. Custodians
can now seamlessly adopt this emerging asset class, while swiftly bridging
between their traditional and crypto portfolios.

The announcement comes at a time of rapidly increasing institutional interest
in digital assets. Financial intermediaries, such as banks, asset managers,
and brokers are searching for technology solutions that allow them to safe-
keep crypto assets with maximum security. They need to manage them with
familiar workflows and front-to-back office functionalities through their
current service providers and within their existing systems infrastructure. In
this regard, the three companies’ integrated ecosystem will benefit from
global client networks in Switzerland, the US, and the APAC region.

The consortium highlights the good health of the Swiss fintech companies and
their deepening footprint in the international digital asset management scene.
Through this partnership, METACO, AlgoTrader and Cysec will forge product
development and business development synergies that will reinforce their
strategic positioning in Switzerland and internationally.

“We are heading towards the tokenization of our economy; ensuring that its
foundations are secure and integrated is not an option, it is imperative. This
is why at METACO we work only with partners that excel at what they do and
share this vision. Algotrader and Cysec are two exceptional Swiss companies
which I am deeply excited to join forces with. Algotrader, has proven
development and business success in trade execution. Cysec, has an outstanding
Swiss-made hardware solution, purpose-built for digital asset management,
which will enrich our product offering by powering SILO – in the same manner
as we already do with Guardtime’s military hardware.”

**said Adrien Treccani CEO and Founder of METACO.**

”The basis of a great ecosystem is a large opportunity that pushes partners
together to pursue the same long-term goals to help institutionalizing the
crypto asset industry. We strive for leadership in five areas: vision,
product, customers, partners and the team to be the preferred algorithmic
trading software solution for capital markets disrupted by blockchain.”

**said Andy Flury CEO and Founder of AlgoTrader.**

“We believe that to achieve a wider adoption of crypto assets, financial
institutions need a solution to onboard, manage and trade crypto assets. By
teaming up with both METACO and AlgoTrader, this consortium can provide such a
fully integrated technology stack. Cysec will leverage its expertise in
infrastructure security to establish the necessary layer of trust in Digital
Asset custody and trading. We are excited to join forces with leading industry
forces to further accelerate the adoption of crypto assets.

**said Patrick Trinkler CEO of Cysec SA.**



#### About METACO SA

METACO is a Swiss financial technology company securing the foundations of the
tokenized economy. Established in 2015 with the objective to explore and
design institution-grade digital asset management solutions, METACO made its
breakthrough in 2018 with the launch of SILO, the digital asset storage
solution for banks.

Founded by Adrien Treccani and Nicolas Dorier, METACO counts on a team of
proficient industry experts and software engineers, institutional shareholders
(among which Avaloq, Swisscom, SICPA and Swiss Post) and a growing network of
strategic partners across the fintech and banking sectors. For more
information, please visit [www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/).

#### About AlgoTrader AG

Available on-premise or in the cloud, AlgoTrader is an institutional-grade
algorithmic trading software solution for conducting quantitative research,
trading strategy development, strategy back-testing and automated trading for
both traditional securities and crypto assets. AlgoTrader provides everything
a typical quantitative trading firm requires to run its research and trading
operations. It is the very first and most advanced algorithmic trading
software product to allow automated trading of Bitcoin and other crypto
assets. Based in Zurich, New York, and Singapore, AlgoTrader operates
globally. For more information, please visit
[https://www.algotrader.com](https://www.algotrader.com/).

#### About Cysec SA

Cysec (former ARCATrust) is a cyber-security company providing a secure
environment for multi-application execution in the form of a physically
enterprise-grade server appliance. This general purpose security platform
enables the secure execution of critical applications in fields like Finance,
IoT as well as Space communications.

The Cysec team gathers cybersecurity experts with proven track-records and
extensive industry experience to provide state-of-the-art solutions. Cysec SA
is based in Lausanne and Zürich, Switzerland. For more information, please
visit [www.cysec.systems.](http://www.cysec.systems/)



#### _Media Contacts:_

  * METACO SA: Lourdes Monso Migoya ; monso@metaco.com
  * AlgoTrader AG: Patrick Mehrhoff; pmehrhoff@algotrader.com
  * Cysec SA: Yacine Felk; yacine.felk@cysec.systems

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

