[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vbG9va2luZy1iYWNrLWF0LWJpbmFuY2UtZmFuLXRva2Vucy0yMDIyLTcxMDQ0MjMxNTM4Mzg4NTk4Mjc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vbG9va2luZy1iYWNrLWF0LWJpbmFuY2UtZmFuLXRva2Vucy0yMDIyLTcxMDQ0MjMxNTM4Mzg4NTk4Mjc%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Looking Back at Binance Fan Token’s 2022

2023-04-20

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Fan Token introduced a wealth of new features in 2022. From a $1 million token prize pool in Binance Football Fever to the launch of Binance Fan Club, it’s been a jam-packed year.

  * Highlights include an Alpine F1 NFT Fan Party, SS Lazio’s first-ever NFT tickets, and the Binance Porto Champion’s Night with FC Porto.

_Binance Fan Token had a wild ride in 2022, with online and offline events
taking center stage worldwide._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/dd2e642d-46bb-4406-aec3-5052ad13ed15)

Launched in 2021, Binance Fan Token has become the go-to platform for Web3 and
sports fans worldwide, offering a world-class selection of teams, unique fan
experiences, and Web3 utility features.

As we gear up for another thrilling season, let's take a look back at what
2022 had in store, from the world's biggest football tournament to the launch
of our latest rewards system, Binance Fan Club.

## Binance Football Fever: Match Predictions

Binance Football Fever took the world by storm in 2022, offering football fans
the chance to use their sports knowledge to make informed predictions on match
outcomes during last year’s global football tournament.

The rewards included exclusive NFTs, premium fan experiences, and the
opportunity to earn a share of a $1 million token prize pool.

During the group stage in Qatar, we saw a whopping 200,000 fans take part in
the excitement, making it a truly memorable season for football fans on
Binance Fan Token.

[Learn more about Binance Football Fever
→](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/all/binance-football-
fever-2022-temperature-check-1931884485114389874)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/b45408ca-9de5-4543-99ba-2d4c4c9bba8d)

## Binance Fan Club: Rewarding Super Fans

Binance Fan Club is our latest rewards system, delivering exclusive perks and
rewards to fans who engage with their favorite teams.

In the first 20 days alone, over 17,000 fans joined the Binance Fan Club!

By participating in team activities, fans can accumulate Star Points to reach
higher levels, which in turn unlocks better rewards.

Here are just some of the rewards we have in store for this month:

  * VIP tickets to football matches

  * Meet-and-greet sessions with the team

  * Personalized video messages from the players

[Discover Binance Fan Club →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio/fan-profile?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-faq-
banner&utm_campaign=ft-fan-club-entrypoint&registerChannel=BFC)

## SS Lazio

SS Lazio fans were treated to a thrilling season packed with both offline and
online activities, as well as rewards that ranged from rare NFTs to free
merchandise.

Thanks to the LAZIO token holders, we conducted 13 voting polls, crowned eight
Players of the Month, and charged a total of 866 NFTs via our NFT
PowerStation.

[Explore LAZIO Fan Token →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/lazio?utm_source=fan-token)

### Best 6 Goals

We partnered with NFKings to launch [Ciro Immobile's Best 6
Goals](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/ss-lazio-x-immobile-
best-6-nft-drop-and-powerstation-with-lazio-rewards-421499824684903278) as
NFTs in an exclusive NFT Mystery Box sale.

Holders were able to charge their Immobile NFTs at a corresponding
PowerStation for a chance to earn a share of 15,000 LAZIO tokens and an
autographed Immobile jersey.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/7f6e5070-46d7-4629-95eb-7c53fe477c65)

### NFT ticketing

For the first time ever, SS Lazio fans started their football season with
digital [NFT tickets](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/binance-
announces-ss-lazio-nft-ticketing-for-the-coming-football-
season-556142572897716919) that came with exclusive fan benefits, including
access to LAZIO Fan Token giveaways, discounted merchandise and tickets, and
more.

### At the stadium

Taking the Fan Token experience offline, we set up a Binance booth at Stadio
Olimpico, where we taught fans about NFT tickets, gave away Binance swag, and
offered support for anyone facing NFT ticket issues.

We also set up a Fan Shop that allowed fans to buy discounted tickets in a
premium location for several key Lazio home games.

### Future plans

We’ve got ambitious plans to further integrate the LAZIO Fan Token into the
club's mobile app, in addition to their other ecosystems. We also plan on
adding a mini-game system to LAZIO Fan Token.

## FC Porto

We took the fan experience to new heights for FC Porto fans and Fan Token
holders. One noteworthy highlight was the launch of two exclusive NFT
collections: the [Dragon Defenders
Collection](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/mystery-
box/collection/FC%20Porto%20Dragon%20Defenders?orderBy=list_time&orderType=-1&isBack=1&id=199779840994603008&order=list_time%40-1)
and the [30th Champions Collection](https://www.binance.com/ur/nft/mystery-
box/collection/fc-porto-the-30th-champions-239224267685713920).

Users who got their hands on these NFTs were able to charge them at our
signature PowerStations; in total, FC Porto fans charged a staggering 5,152
NFTs.

But that's not all.

We also gave FC Porto fans the power to influence their team through 16 voting
polls and recognize outstanding players who had left their mark on the pitch
with nine Player of the Month awards.

[Explore PORTO Fan Token →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/porto)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/0bd422c8-acee-4fe3-8222-f02290c64f47)

### Surprise meet-and-greet

During the 2022 season, a select few FC Porto fans had the chance to tour the
stadium, meet their favorite players, and take photos with them. The [meet-
and-greet](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/how-to-influence-team-
decisions-with-binance-fan-token-voting-polls-1258723638599587656) even
received television coverage from a local Portuguese channel.

### Binance Porto Champion’s Night

To kick off the last match of the 2022 season, we worked with FC Porto to
organize an offline event at the stadium. Attendees were treated to a night
full of games, prizes, and a celebration of the club’s success on the field.

### Future plans

Moving forward, we plan on integrating NFT ticketing, GameFi utilities, and
crypto donations and payments into the PORTO Fan Token ecosystem.

## Santos FC

Santos FC had an eventful season, especially with the launch of
[Primeira](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/mystery-
box/detail?productId=202708173319424000&number=1) — the first iteration of
their ongoing Hat-Trick NFT collection. In total, the Primeira collection saw
2,111 charged NFTs.

Santos FC fans were also able to influence team decisions via 20 distinct
voting polls, which included deciding on a team-bonding activity between
Santos FC and the BWT Alpine F1 team.

[Explore SANTOS Fan Token →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/santos)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/adf1d30c-adad-45a5-891a-994c8fd813bb)

### Santos x Alpine

In an unprecedented collaboration, we gave fans of two teams in different
sports — Santos FC and BWT Alpine F1 — an opportunity to vote on a team-
bonding activity for both teams to enjoy together.

Santos FC fans elected to have both teams film a fun TikTok video, while BWT
Alpine F1 fans requested a viral football challenge.

### Future plans

In the near future, Santos FC fans can look forward to a SANTOS Fanverse, a
SANTOS influencer program, and a Web3 gaming collaboration with TopGoal. To
enhance the stadium experience, we plan to integrate NFT ticketing and Binance
Pay.

## BWT Alpine F1

In early 2022, we signed [a multi-year
partnership](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-partners-
with-bwt-alpine-f1%C2%AE-team-280-000-alpine-fan-tokens-to-be-airdropped-to-
the-community-14f033f78d174d5e8ab0cabfd56dffb8) with BWT Alpine F1 to launch a
digital extension of the team on the Binance Fan Token platform.

Kicking off the launch of the ALPINE Fan Token, we released [Slipstream into
the Future](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/collection/slipstream-into-the-
future-548782449151475713), an NFT Mystery Box collection that featured a
series of digital posters. In total, the collection accumulated 741 charged
NFTs.

Over the course of the season, we also held 13 voting polls. The top voting
poll, A522 Technical Insight, drew participation from 750 fans.

[Explore ALPINE Fan Token →](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/team-
profile/alpine)

### Alpine Esport Series Championship 2022

Viewers who tuned into [last year’s Alpine Esports racing
tournament](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/claim-exclusive-
poap-nft-rewards-during-alpine-esports-series-championship-2022-powered-by-
binance-954e3a564ae84acdb33906f4c7e3c45d) were able to claim up to five
Binance Alpine GT4 POAP NFT designs and share in a prize pool worth up to
$100,000.

Make sure to catch the live stream for this year’s tournament, with the first
championship stage set for April 27.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/6a9bd65f-b060-4cd3-a9a3-ec369ea9c28e)

### NFT Fan Party

We hosted ALPINE’s [first Binance Fan Token offline
event](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/racing-fans-experience-an-
immersive-race-day-fan-party-hosted-by-binance-in-belgium-6515870133140540519)
during the 2022 Belgium GP race day.

The event, which was open to NFT ticket holders, featured a BWT Alpine F1
racing car, as well as appearances by F1 star Esteban Ocon and the Team
Principal of the BWT Alpine F1  team.

Attendees also had the chance to experience a thrilling racing simulator and
spin the Binance wheel to win exciting prizes.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230420/c7527d72-2c95-4530-813f-0c80b038d979)

### Ice driving with Alpine

On February 19, five lucky Binance users were given the opportunity to
experience the unique drifting sensations of the Alpine A110 on ice in the
French Alps.

The event took place at the Alain Prost Val Thorens circuit. Located at an
altitude of 2,200 meters, it is Europe's highest racing circuit.

### Future plans

Looking ahead, BWT Alpine F1 fans can expect Binance Pay integrations, NFT
merchandise, and a Web3 game. To coincide with the Grand Prix, we also plan to
release new poster NFT designs and an interactive race prediction challenge.

## Closing Thoughts

With 2023 already in full swing, there’s still more to explore in the Binance
Fan Token ecosystem. You’ll find new rewards and features in the Binance Fan
Club, as well as more offline and online events for your favorite teams.

To keep up to date with all the latest Fan Token has to offer, make sure to
check out the [Fan Token home page](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token?utm_source=fan-token).

## Further Reading

  * (Blog) [Fan Token Articles](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token)

  * (Blog) [Your Binance Fan Club Experience Just Got Even Better](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/your-binance-fan-club-experience-just-got-even-better-4953707123501200390) 

  * (Blog) [Introducing the FC Shakhtar Fanverse](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/introducing-the-fc-shakhtar-fanverse-5144272639101608078)

  * (Blog) [Introducing Binance Fan Club: Interact With Your Favorite Team Like Never Before](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fan-token/introducing-binance-fan-club-interact-with-your-favorite-team-like-never-before-3865172133740238519)

194,897,054 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Looking Back at Binance Fan Token’s 2022

Main Takeaways

Binance Football Fever: Match Predictions

Binance Fan Club: Rewarding Super Fans

SS Lazio

FC Porto

Santos FC

BWT Alpine F1

Closing Thoughts

Further Reading

194,897,054 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

