  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [What is Alt
Season?](/blog/what-is-alt-season)

##### Cryptocurrency

# What is Alt Season?

Published on: Apr 15, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding Alt Season**
  * **Alt Season and Historical Crypto Market Cycles**
  * **Factors Contributing to Alt Season**
  * **How to Identify Alt Season**

##### In Brief

Discover the meaning of "alt season" in the crypto community and its
historical significance in previous cycles. Learn about crypto jargon and Web3
culture.

![What is Alt Season?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Falt_season_516097eff9.png&w=3840&q=75)

In the [crypto world](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), there are certain
terms that have power over market discussions. Among these popular terms is
"alt season." It's a phrase that sparks debate and gets people talking, but
what exactly does it mean?

In this article, we'll break down the term “alt season,” looking at where it
comes from, what it does to the market, and why it matters in the world of
Web3 culture. Let's unravel the mystery of "alt season" together.

### An Important Note Before You Continue

This article aims to explore crypto jargon and aspects of Web3 culture for
informational purposes only. It does not constitute investment advice or an
endorsement or prediction of an “alt season” in 2024, or beyond.

The content provided is for educational purposes and should not be construed
as a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrencies
are volatile, and investing in them carries risks. Readers are encouraged to
conduct their own research before making any investment decisions.

### Download Trust Wallet

Remember that you can deposit, manage, [buy](https://trustwallet.com/buy-
crypto), and sell some of the top alt coins using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet is a secure [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet) that lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

![alt-season-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Falt_season_1_1529509543.gif&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Understanding Alt Season

Alt season refers to a specific period within the crypto market cycle. During
this time, alternative cryptocurrencies, or alt coins experience a significant
surge in price compared to Bitcoin. Alt coins encompass all cryptocurrencies,
excluding Bitcoin. This price surge signifies a shift in investor focus, with
capital flowing from Bitcoin towards alt coins. While Bitcoin doesn't
necessarily decline in price during alt season, its growth often slows in
comparison to the explosive gains seen in alt coins.

Alt season is a double-edged sword for the crypto community. It's a thrilling
period, with the potential for skyrocketing alt coin prices and substantial
returns. This period fosters excitement about innovation and progress within
the alt coin space, signifying a more dynamic and decentralized crypto market.

When it comes to alt season, however, it’s important to remember that the high
volatility and potential for bubbles that can lead to crashes. While the
chance to capitalize on rapid growth is tempting, the focus remains on
sustainable development driven by real-world applications, rather than pure
speculation.

## Alt Season and Historical Crypto Market Cycles

In previous crypto market cycles, alt seasons have usually followed periods of
Bitcoin price appreciation, or Bitcoin bull runs. As Bitcoin reached new highs
and stabilized, investors often sought to diversify their portfolios by
exploring alternative cryptocurrencies. This influx of capital into the alt
coin market, field the alt coin rally, and this is where alt season emerged.

During these periods, alt coins experienced exponential price growth, often
outpacing Bitcoin's performance. During previous alt seasons, investors were
eager to capitalize on the potential gains offered by alt coins. Thus,
investors looked to allocate significant resources to these assets, further
amplifying their upward trajectory. This dynamic shift in investor sentiment,
from a singular focus on Bitcoin to broader alt coin speculation, marked the
onset of alt season within previous crypto cycles.

![alt-season-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Falt_season_3_8d558663a1.png&w=3840&q=75)

Developments and innovations within the alt coin space have also played a
crucial role in shaping previous alt seasons. Projects introducing
groundbreaking technologies or pioneering new use cases often gain widespread
attention and investment during these periods. This drives significant price
rallies. Additionally, regulatory developments, market trends, and
macroeconomic factors influenced the timing and duration of previous alt
seasons.

## Factors Contributing to Alt Season

While alt season can be thrilling for investors, it doesn't happen out of thin
air. Several key factors often contribute to the rise of alt coins, including:

### Bullish Market Sentiment

Just like any financial market, overall investor confidence plays a
significant role. When the crypto market experiences a period of bullish
sentiment, characterized by optimism and a belief in rising prices, it creates
fertile ground for alt season. Investors with a larger pool of capital are
more likely to allocate funds towards riskier assets, including alt coins, in
search of potentially higher returns. This increased investment fuels the
price rise of alt coins.

### Alt Coin Developments

The world of alt coins is constantly evolving, with new projects launching,
existing platforms undergoing upgrades, and innovative solutions emerging.
Positive news and developments surrounding specific alt coins can trigger
localized alt seasons. For example, a highly anticipated launch of a
groundbreaking DeFi (Decentralized Finance) protocol on an alt coin blockchain
could attract significant investment and propel its price upwards. These
individual success stories can create a domino effect, boosting investor
confidence in the broader alt coin market.

### Decreasing Bitcoin Dominance

Bitcoin, as the first and most established cryptocurrency, traditionally holds
a dominant position in terms of market capitalization. During alt season,
however, we often see a decrease in Bitcoin dominance. This means that the
total market value of all alt coins combined starts to represent a larger
share compared to Bitcoin. This shift signifies a growing interest in the
potential of alt coins and a willingness of investors to diversify their
crypto holdings beyond just Bitcoin.

## How to Identify Alt Season

While alt season has the potential for significant gains, accurately
pinpointing its arrival can be tricky. Here are a couple of key indicators
that can help you gauge the market and potentially identify the rise of alt
coins:

### Tracking AltCoin Price Movements Relative to Bitcoin

One of the most crucial indicators of alt season is a sustained rise in the
price of alt coins compared to Bitcoin. This means monitoring the performance
of individual alt coins and major alt coin indices against Bitcoin's price
movement. During alt season, you may see a trend where alt coins consistently
outperform Bitcoin, experiencing a higher percentage increase in value. Tools
like charting platforms and market data aggregators can help you visualize
these price movements and identify potential trends.

### Monitoring Bitcoin Dominance Index

The Bitcoin dominance index represents the percentage of the total
cryptocurrency market capitalization held by Bitcoin. Alt season often occurs
when Bitcoin dominance falls below 50%. By tracking this index, you can gauge
the relative strength of the alt coin market compared to Bitcoin. A sustained
decline in Bitcoin dominance, coupled with rising alt coin prices, can be a
strong signal that alt season might be brewing.

![alt-season-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Falt_season_2_a03cf2f8aa.png&w=3840&q=75)

While these indicators are helpful, they aren't foolproof. The crypto market
is volatile, and alt season itself is not an exact science. Pinpointing the
exact timing of alt season within a bull run remains a challenge. Combining
these indicators with broader market sentiment and ongoing developments within
the alt coin space can provide a more comprehensive picture.

Want to explore the exciting world of alt coins? Trust Wallet is your gateway
to the vast crypto market. With Trust Wallet, you can securely store, send,
and receive a wide range of alt coins, empowering you to take control of your
crypto journey. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

