[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2Z1dHVyZXMtZ3JhbmQtdG91cm5hbWVudC10cmFkZS1mdXR1cmVzLXRvLWdyYWItYS1zaGFyZS1vZi1vdmVyLSQyLW1pbGxpb24taW4tcHJpemVzLTYyOTU5MzA3MjIxNTgzNDAzMzU%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL2Z1dHVyZXMtZ3JhbmQtdG91cm5hbWVudC10cmFkZS1mdXR1cmVzLXRvLWdyYWItYS1zaGFyZS1vZi1vdmVyLSQyLW1pbGxpb24taW4tcHJpemVzLTYyOTU5MzA3MjIxNTgzNDAzMzU%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Futures Grand Tournament: Trade Futures to Grab a Share of Over $2 Million
in Prizes!

2023-11-24

[Activities](/blog/tag/activities-31)

Disclaimer: _Digital asset prices can be volatile. Not investment advice. Do
your own research. See full terms_[
_here_](https://www.binance.com/en/FGT/NOV2023) _and our risk warning_[
_here_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _. Binance Futures products
are restricted in certain countries and to certain users. This communication
is not intended for users/countries to which restrictions apply._

## **Main Takeaways**

  * Eligible users can participate in the Binance Futures Grand Tournament to compete for a share of the dynamic prize pool.

  * The dynamic prize pool increases accordingly with the number of tournament participants, with a maximum prize pool of $2 million (USDT).

  * The tournament runs from November 27 to December 24, 2023.

_Join the_[ __Binance Futures Grand
Tournament__](https://www.binance.com/en/FGT/NOV2023) _for a chance to win
from a substantial prize pool._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231124/4029e1ba-b7e0-4155-af7c-4cd5ba6e3ac6)

We're excited to announce the Binance Futures Grand Tournament, where traders
from around the globe can showcase their skills. The tournament promises to be
even bigger and better than before, with enhanced features and new challenges.

**Mark These Dates on Your Calendar**

  * **Registration Begins:** November 27, 2023.

  * **Tournament Duration:** November 27 to December 24, 2023.

## **What are the Binance Futures Grand Tournament Prizes?**

Prizes are categorized into:

  * **Team Competition** : Compete as a team for best Profit and Loss (PnL) performance to share up to **1,250,000 USDT**.

  * **Copy Trading Competition** : Become a Lead Trader or predict the top Lead Trader of the week to share up to 350,000 USDT.

  * **Battle of the Bots** : Create a Futures Grid Trading Bot and climb up the Return on Investment (ROI) leaderboard to share up to 200,000 USDT.

  * **Welcome Rewards** : New futures users to share up to 200,000 USDT and 1 BNB.

The final prize amount depends on the total number of qualifying participants,
with the pool increasing as more traders join, with a maximum limit of $2
million USDT.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231124/bdfdcdaf-592b-4bf9-a708-460a6e517a82.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/FGT/NOV2023)

## **How to Participate in the Binance Futures Grand Tournament**

Joining the tournament is easy:

### **Team Competition**

  * **Prize Pool:** Up to 1,250,000 USDT

  * **Competition Format:** All participating teams will be ranked based on the sum of Team Daily PnL during the Trading Competition Period. The top 20 teams will share the prize pool.

  * **Reward Distribution:** The top three teams receive 45% of the pool, while the next top seventeen teams share the remaining 55%. This structure rewards both outstanding performance and balanced team effort.

### **Copy Trading Competition**

  * **Prize Pool:** Up to 350,000 USDT

  * **Competition Details:** Engage in copy trading and become a Lead Trader or predict the weekly 1st Place Lead Trader through voting to share the prize pool.

### **Battle of the Bots**

  * **Prize Pool:** Up to 200,000 USDT

  * **Competition Focus:** Showcase the effectiveness of your trading bots. Your bot's performance will be ranked by the ROI, with top 20 futures grid trading bots earning a share of the prize pool.

### **Welcome Rewards**

  * **Prize Pool:** Up to 200,000 USDT

  * **Eligibility:** Specifically for new futures traders. Engage in futures trading for the first time during the tournament period to be eligible for a share of this prize pool.

### **Get Tournament Ready: Your Checklist**

  1. **Enter the Trading Arena** : [_Open a Binance Futures account_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-open-binance-futures-account-360033772992) if you haven't already.

  2. **Start Your Journey** : Complete the Identity Verification process. This mandatory step ensures compliance and security. If you need guidance, refer to Binance's " [_What is_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/%E2%80%8Bwhat-is-kyc-or-identity-verification-and-how-is-it-increasingly-important-for-crypto-421499824684902130) Identity Verification and [_How to_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-verification-360027287111) Complete Identity Verification" articles.

  3. **Register Now!:** After fulfilling the above requirements, register for the [_Futures Grand Tournament_](https://www.binance.com/en/FGT/NOV2023). Registration is your ticket to participating in the various competitions and getting a chance to win from the massive prize pools.

  4. **All-inclusive Participation:** As a participant in the Binance Futures Grand Tournament, you're automatically entered in all competition categories - Team, Copy Trading, Battle of the Bots, and Welcome Rewards

  5. **For Newcomers** : [_Open a Futures account_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/BTCUSDT) and fund your Futures Wallet to claim the 1 USDT Futures Bonus Voucher, then trade Futures for the first time during the tournament period to share the prize pool. This is a great way to get started and make the most of your tournament experience.

  6. **Keep Up with the Leaderboard** : Keep an eye on the leaderboard, updated daily at 6 AM (UTC). Track your progress, adjust your strategies, and watch as you climb up the ranks.

### **Ready to Dive In?**

The Binance Futures Grand Tournament is an opportunity not to be missed.
Whether you're a seasoned trader or new to the scene, this is your chance to
dive into the future of trading, learn, compete, and possibly win big!

[_Join the Binance Futures Grand Tournament
Now!_](https://www.binance.com/en/FGT/NOV2023)  

##  Further Reading

  * [ _The Ultimate Guide to Trading on Binance Futures_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/the-ultimate-guide-to-trading-on-binance-futures-8534557745009080271)  

  * [_A Beginner’s Guide to Futures Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/a-beginner-s-guide-to-futures-trading-website-360039304272)  

  * [_How to Manage Risk and Trade Crypto Futures Responsibly_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/how-to-manage-risk-and-trade-crypto-futures-responsibly-5358007752881344804)  

_The Futures Grand Tournament is only available to users who are eligible for
Binance Futures trading and may not be available or may be restricted in
certain jurisdictions or regions or to certain users, depending on legal and
regulatory requirements. Users are responsible for informing themselves about
and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with respect to the
access to and use of Binance Futures trading services in each country/region
from which the services are accessed. Binance reserves the right to change,
modify or impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use
of the Binance Futures trading services from time to time in its sole
discretion at any time without notification. Binance further reserves the
right in its sole discretion to amend or change or cancel this announcement at
any time and for any reasons without prior notice._

_Risk Warning: Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment can go down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested.
You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses you may incur. Futures trading, in particular, is
subject to high market risk and price volatility. All of your margin balance
may be liquidated in the event of adverse price movement. Past performance is
not a reliable predictor of future performance. Before trading, you should
make an independent assessment of the appropriateness of the transaction in
light of your own objectives and circumstances, including the risks and
potential benefits. Consult your own advisers where appropriate. This
information should not be construed as financial or investment advice. To
learn more about how to protect yourself, visit our_[ __Responsible Trading
page__](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/responsible-trading) _. For more
information, see our_[ __Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
_and_[ __Risk Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,058,254 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Futures Grand Tournament: Trade Futures to Grab a Share of Over $2 Million in
Prizes!

Main Takeaways

What are the Binance Futures Grand Tournament Prizes?

How to Participate in the Binance Futures Grand Tournament

Further Reading

195,058,254 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

