Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

Â© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)

# Web3 Growth Solution

## Fueling your business growth in web3

The web3 market offers significant opportunities for forward-thinking crypto
businesses and consumer brands to become strategic leaders in this expanding
ecosystem. Capitalize on this growth by building meaningful user relationships
and strengthening your competitive edge, positioning your business at the
forefront of an evolving industry.

[View capabilities](/solution/web3-growth-capabilities/) [Request a
demo](/request-a-demo/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/growth-header.jpg)

## 420 million+

individuals holding crypto

## 1,300+

customers in our global network, collaborating daily

## $25 billion

projected global web3 market by 2030

## 56,000

DeFi attributions

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/web3-growth-
diagram-2.svg)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/geo-report-
thumbnail-cover-3.png)

## 2023 Geography of Cryptocurrency Report

Learn more about crypto usage worldwide to help build your web3 growth
strategy.

[Download](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-cryptocurrency-2023.html)

## Strategy teams

Get unparalleled user insights to uncover business opportunities and optimize
data-driven initiatives that position you for long-term success in a volatile
and competitive market.

  * Adopt a scalable approach for interpreting user data across the wider blockchain to gain a deeper understanding of the market
  * Identify untapped market potential and make informed decisions for market entry and expansion
  * Continuously monitor the flow of assets to understand the market share of your competitors and know how to adjust approaches to gain an edge

[View capabilities![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/link-
icon.svg)](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth-capabilities/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/growth-strategy-
teams-1.jpg)

## Marketing teams

Gain a granular understanding of users through cohorts of common attributes
based on their on-chain activity across the blockchain to build and nurture
impactful relationships and maximize user lifetime value.

  * Identify users with large wallet holdings who have a higher potential to convert and spend more on your platform
  * Quickly identify patterns and answer key questions about engagement and drop-off points
  * Activate data-informed campaigns or engagement activities that are tailored to usersâ individual needs and then measure their impact

[View capabilities![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/link-
icon.svg)](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth-capabilities/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/growth-marketing-
teams-1.jpg)

## Product teams

Build winning products and solutions that meet the evolving needs of your
users and prospects.

  * Monitor and identify opportunities for new products and user-centric features to prioritize on your roadmap
  * Align R&D resources and investments with high-growth opportunities
  * Find ideal users to help test and iterate on product concepts to validate product-market fit

[View capabilities![](/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/link-
icon.svg)](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth-capabilities/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/growth-product-
teams.jpg)

## Confidently pursue growth activities

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/icon-data.svg)

### Data

Access the industryâs leading mapping of on-chain activities to real-world
identities, trusted globally for its unrivaled accuracy and comprehensive
coverage.

This robust data foundation supports teams in uncovering opportunities for
growth and making business decisions with confidence.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-data/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/icon-education.svg)

### Education

Chainalysis offers comprehensive training and certification programs, covering
everything from cryptocurrency fundamentals to advanced blockchain analysis
techniques.

Our programs, available globally, are practical and tailored to the unique
needs faced by business growth teams.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/icon-research.svg)

### Research

Our research reports are an indispensable resource for industry professionals
and growth teams, providing in-depth analysis and insights for navigating the
dynamic and rapidly evolving ecosystem.

Underpinned by comprehensive data and expert knowledge, these reports provide
teams with foresight on user activity and market trends to drive growth.

[Learn more](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

## Get started with Chainalysis

[Request a demo](/request-a-demo/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=e7aede06-6cce-4eb5-afdb-c128ad126873&sid=d37a33e01cfe11ef81994bf05086a005&vid=d37a58001cfe11ef8996098d57ce4bf3&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Web3%20Growth%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fweb3-growth%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=597998)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=d620ad68-c832-4bc5-a271-e3e9f9fd70b6&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=78dbf8b1-9eae-4620-b5c1-30feece01d62&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fweb3-growth%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=d620ad68-c832-4bc5-a271-e3e9f9fd70b6&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=78dbf8b1-9eae-4620-b5c1-30feece01d62&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fweb3-growth%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=6ff7be208c1b4e82ea329b0f0ac83d91&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fweb3-growth%2F&_biz_t=1716906626559&_biz_i=Web3%20Growth%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=913116&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906626893)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=6ff7be208c1b4e82ea329b0f0ac83d91&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fsolution%2Fweb3-growth%2F&_biz_t=1716906626894&_biz_i=Web3%20Growth%20Solution%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=542782&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906626894)

