This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype.e4df684f.svg)](/)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

[Home](/validated)[Episodes](/validated/episodes)

[](https://feeds.simplecast.com/W1NI2v3Z)[](/twitter)

![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-podcast-
logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=384&q=75)

# Building web3 Login Your Grandma Can Use w/ Itai Turbahn (Dynamic)

May 21st, 2024 | 40:07

[Recast](https://recast.simplecast.com/d1505ef7-b93f-468a-ae7b-ecd528c5064d)Subscribe[Download
MP3](https://chrt.fm/track/4G278/afp-12483-injected.calisto.simplecastaudio.com/a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef/episodes/d1505ef7-b93f-468a-ae7b-ecd528c5064d/audio/128/default.mp3?awCollectionId=a435e7a5-29da-42fc-
afa3-cc9a8c9c3aef&awEpisodeId=d1505ef7-b93f-468a-ae7b-ecd528c5064d)

## Episode Summary

In this episode, Austin chats with Itai Turbahn (Dyanmic) about the future of
web3 onboarding. Dynamic is building web3 authentication that allows crypto-
enabled companies to seamlessly serve web3 natives and crypto novices alike
through varying degrees of wallet abstraction. Over the course of the
conversation, they discuss things like user management for multi-wallet users,
tokenizing KYC, and the role of passkeys in web3 authentication.

## Episode Notes

In this episode, Austin chats with Itai Turbahn (Dyanmic) about the future of
wallet onboarding. Dynamic is building web3 authentication that allows crypto-
enabled companies to seamlessly serve web3 natives and crypto novices alike.
Over the course of the conversation, they discuss things like user management
for multi-wallet users, tokenizing KYC, and the role of passkeys in web3
authentication.

DISCLAIMER The content herein is provided for educational, informational, and
entertainment purposes only, and does not constitute an offer to sell or a
solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, options, futures, or other
derivatives related to securities in any jurisdiction, nor should not be
relied upon as advice to buy, sell or hold any of the foregoing. This content
is intended to be general in nature and is not specific to you, the user or
anyone else. You should not make any decision, financial, investment, trading
or otherwise, based on any of the information presented without undertaking
independent due diligence and consultation with a professional advisor. Solana
Foundation Foundation and its agents, advisors, council members, officers and
employees (the “Foundation Parties”) make no representation or warranties,
expressed or implied, as to the accuracy of the information herein and
expressly disclaims any and all liability that may be based on such
information or any errors or omissions therein. The Foundation Parties shall
have no liability whatsoever, under contract, tort, trust or otherwise, to any
person arising from or related to the content or any use of the information
contained herein by you or any of your representatives. All opinions expressed
herein are the speakers’ own personal opinions and do not reflect the opinions
of any entities.

Show ContributorsItai Turbahn

![](data:image/svg+xml,%3csvg%20xmlns=%27http://www.w3.org/2000/svg%27%20version=%271.1%27%20width=%27640%27%20height=%27640%27/%3e)![](data:image/gif;base64,R0lGODlhAQABAIAAAAAAAP///yH5BAEAAAAALAAAAAABAAEAAAIBRAA7)![](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsolana-
podcast-logo.0870e267.jpeg&w=1920&q=75)

Managed by

[](/)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Grants](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/branding)
  * [Careers](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Disclaimer](/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ecosystem](/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/news)
  * [Newsletter](/newsletter)

en

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

00:00

40:07

[Privacy](https://www.simplecast.com/privacy "Simplecast Privacy Policy")Share
Subscribe

1x

[Privacy](https://www.simplecast.com/privacy "Simplecast Privacy Policy")Share
Subscribe

