Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize‚Ñ¢ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco

  *  __ November 21, 2023
  *  __3 min

Read

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fbbva-switzerland-partnership-institutional-harmonize%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fbbva-switzerland-partnership-institutional-harmonize%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-and-bbva-
switzerland.png?x88149)

#### ‚Äì 21 November 2023 ‚Äî

#### BBVA Switzerland has expanded its partnership with Metaco, as the bank
seeks to accelerate its digital asset offerings to institutional clients.

_The original article appeared on the BBVA Switzerland website,[at the
following link [opens a new webpage]](https://www.bbva.ch/en/news/digital-
assets-services-for-institutions/)_.

BBVA in Switzerland was the first tier-1 bank in the Eurozone to provide
custody and trading services for cryptocurrencies to individual clients, under
a combined portfolio across traditional and digital assets. This service,
created in partnership with Metaco in 2021, was [awarded the Celent Model
Wealth Manager 2022](https://go.metaco.com/e/1003211/t-trading-and-custody-
service-/wnrb/116171178/h/zDRANBFtJEMvUC-_rDNHxQEXgQZlReQbOgZoOhlu7-8)
accolade.

As part of the extended relationship, BBVA Switzerland successfully migrated
its digital assets operations to the latest version of Metaco‚Äôs institutional-
grade digital asset custody and orchestration platform,
[Harmonize‚Ñ¢](https://go.metaco.com/e/1003211/onize-
sfcid-701TG000000w0ajYAA/wnrf/116171178/h/zDRANBFtJEMvUC-
_rDNHxQEXgQZlReQbOgZoOhlu7-8), consumed in a software as a service (SaaS)
model and fully integrated into Avaloq‚Äôs core banking system. This
infrastructure will allow BBVA to further develop its digital asset and
private key custody capabilities, and it will allow the bank to support future
business use cases in the realm of digital assets. One of this use cases is
the expansion into institutional digital asset services, which requires
technology infrastructure that offers the maximum possible security and
flexibility.

This follows [Metaco‚Äôs partnership with
HSBC](https://go.metaco.com/e/1003211/rhsbc-
sfcid-701TG000000w0ajYAA/wnrj/116171178/h/zDRANBFtJEMvUC-
_rDNHxQEXgQZlReQbOgZoOhlu7-8), who announced last week that it plans to launch
a new digital assets custody service for institutional clients built on Metaco
Harmonize, and [DZ Bank‚Äôs go-live in early
November](https://go.metaco.com/e/1003211/zbank-
sfcid-701TG000000w0ajYAA/wnrm/116171178/h/zDRANBFtJEMvUC-
_rDNHxQEXgQZlReQbOgZoOhlu7-8) of its institutional digital asset custody
offering in Germany, underpinned by Metaco Harmonize. In other recent positive
developments, [Societe Generale FORGE, a client of Metaco, became the first
and only bank in France to receive a full DASP
licence](https://go.metaco.com/e/1003211/first-dasp-license-
amf-/wnrq/116171178/h/zDRANBFtJEMvUC-_rDNHxQEXgQZlReQbOgZoOhlu7-8) (Digital
Asset Service Provider), while in the Philippines, [UnionBank of the
Philippines became the first and only bank in the country to receive a VASP
licence](https://go.metaco.com/e/1003211/the-
philippines-301972164-html/wnrt/116171178/h/zDRANBFtJEMvUC-
_rDNHxQEXgQZlReQbOgZoOhlu7-8) (Virtual Asset Service Provider). **All of this
points to the growing momentum for Metaco** , as it continues its ability to
both win new mandates from the the biggest banks in the world, as well as to
work closely with them to bring commercial offerings to market, leveraging
technology underpinned by the highest standards of security and reliability of
compliance, internal control and cybersecurity processes and systems.

üó®Ô∏è **Alfonso Gomez, CEO of BBVA in Switzerland highlights:**

> ‚Äúour partnership with Metaco, which will fully integrate our existing
> infrastructure within Avaloq, allows us to stay ahead of the market,
> offering the most secure and compliant infrastructure‚Äù.

This collaboration will provide more speed, efficiency and the highest
standard of governance as the Bank accelerates digital assets offerings for
its institutional clients.

For more information, please refer to the media article on [BBVA Switzerland‚Äôs
website](https://www.bbva.ch/en/news/digital-assets-services-for-
institutions/).

####



![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC‚Äôs New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC‚Äôs New Digital Assets Custody Service")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/gft-square-2.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

June 6, 2023### [GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and
efficient institutional digital asset custody and tokenization
solutions](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/gft-metaco-institutional-
partnership/ "GFT and Metaco partner for highly customizable, secure and
efficient institutional digital asset custody and tokenization solutions")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize‚Ñ¢](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

¬© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

