[![Logo](https://docs.goosefx.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1148958930-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MbptMooYJCi00Kcv1gI%252Ficon%252F44YAQm0gStBllHQTMhTI%252Flogo.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D75f2a65f-dfd3-4a25-9fd7-e9cf4ac645fc&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=de8c2527878b4bfdd182e3801025349c44ddfea3c5fd4ebdce72ecf0e5a06a71)![Logo](https://docs.goosefx.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1148958930-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MbptMooYJCi00Kcv1gI%252Ficon%252F44YAQm0gStBllHQTMhTI%252Flogo.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3D75f2a65f-dfd3-4a25-9fd7-e9cf4ac645fc&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=de8c2527878b4bfdd182e3801025349c44ddfea3c5fd4ebdce72ecf0e5a06a71)GooseFX](/)

Ask or SearchCtrl \+ K

  * [🟣Welcome to GooseFX](/)

  * [🔍Risks & Disclaimer](/risks)

  * [❔FAQs](/faqs)

  * GooseFX Core Features

    * [📈Perpetual Futures](/features/perpetual-futures)

      * [🕵️Understanding Perpetual Futures](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures)

        * [🔤The Basics](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/the-basics)

        * [💱Cross-Collateral Deposits](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/cross-collateral-deposits)

        * [🔻Risk Parameters](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/risk-parameters)

        * [💱Margin](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/margin)

        * [💰Funding Rates](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/funding-rates)

        * [🔮Oracles](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/oracles)

        * [💧Liquidations](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/liquidations)

        * [🏦Insurance Fund](/features/perpetual-futures/understanding-perpetual-futures/insurance-fund)

    * [⚖️Single Sided Pools](/features/farm)

      * [🪙Dynamic Single-Sided Liquidity Pools](/features/farm/dynamic-single-sided-liquidity-pools)

      * [❔FAQ SSL v2](/features/farm/faq-ssl-v2)

    * [🖼️NFTs](/features/nfts)

      * [🎨Nest NFT Aggregator](/features/nfts/project-t-coming-soon)

      * [🚀Nest NFT Launchpad](/features/nfts/nest-nft-launchpad)

      * [🖼️NFT Appraisal API Documentation](/features/nfts/nft-appraisal-api-documentation)

  * Earn with GooseFX

    * [🤝Market Maker Reward Program](/earn/market-maker-reward-program)

    * [🏅Perps Leaderboard](/earn/perps-leaderboard)

    * [🔗Referral Program](/earn/referral-program)

    * [💸Stake Rewards](/tokenomics/stake-rewards-and-fee-share)
  * Dev Resources

    * [📄Perpetual DEX SDKs](/developer-resources/perpetual-dex-sdks)

      * [Typescript SDK](/developer-resources/perpetual-dex-sdks/typescript-sdk)

      * [Python SDK](/developer-resources/perpetual-dex-sdks/python-sdk)

  * Tokenomics

    * [📊GOFX Token](/tokenomics/gofx-token)

    * [💸Stake Rewards & Fee Share](/tokenomics/stake-rewards-and-fee-share)

  * Platform Tutorials

    * [⭐Perps DEX Tutorial](/tutorials/perps-dex-tutorial)

    * [🌐How to Swap Tokens](/tutorials/how-to-swap-tokens)

    * [🪙How to stake / unstake GOFX](/tutorials/how-to-stake-unstake-gofx)

    * [⛏️How to LP with GFX Single-Sided Liquidity Pools](/tutorials/how-to-lp-with-gfx-single-sided-liquidity-pools)

    * [🧑‍💻Switch from Mainnet to Devnet [GUIDE]](/tutorials/switch-from-mainnet-to-devnet-guide)

    * [🌎Geo Restricted](/tutorials/geo-restricted)

  * 🫂Community

    * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/GooseFX1?s=20&t=JfFixXBnHbOlkLJKgL4L4A)
    * [Blog](https://www.blog.goosefx.io/)
    * [Discord](https://discord.gg/cDEPXpY26q)
    * [Telegram](https://t.me/goosefx)
    * [Github](https://github.com/GooseFX1)
  * ☢️Archived

    * [🥚NestQuest](/archived/nestquest)

      * [1️⃣Tier 1 - The Egg](/archived/nestquest/tier-1-the-egg)

      * [2️⃣Tier 2 - The Hatchling](/archived/nestquest/tier-2-the-hatchling)

      * [3️⃣Tier 3 - The Gosling](/archived/nestquest/tier-3-the-gosling)

      * [4️⃣Tier 4 - The Armored Goose](/archived/nestquest/tier-4-the-armored-goose)

      * [5️⃣Tier 5 - Coming Soon!](/archived/nestquest/tier-5-coming-soon)

      * [6️⃣Tier 6 - Coming Soon!](/archived/nestquest/tier-6-coming-soon)

      * [🧑‍🎨About the Artist - Source Point Games](/archived/nestquest/about-the-artist-source-point-games)

      * [⭐Evolution Mechanics](/archived/nestquest/evolution-mechanics)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=-MbptMooYJCi00Kcv1gI)

# 🟣Welcome to GooseFX

![](https://docs.goosefx.io/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F1148958930-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252F-MbptMooYJCi00Kcv1gI%252Fuploads%252FrQ7OIalzuRsw6WGIgbg8%252FBanner.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3Daa4cfcb7-f19d-4299-a18e-ee97f6ce84ad&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=5a78159709c81d3cc36a62ad7647525e423a04f751584b940d2f10220bf194a8)

##

What is GooseFX?

GooseFX is your ultimate DeFi destination on Solana for trading perpetual
futures and experiencing our innovative single-sided liquidity pools. Our
mission is to streamline your DeFi journey, offering a seamless platform to
trade and earn yields effortlessly.

Our single-sided liquidity pools mark a significant advancement in yield
earning. Gone are the days of the traditional 50/50 asset split & the hassle
of constant management. With GooseFX, you can simply stake a single token in
our pools and earn rewards daily!

In addition to our groundbreaking SSL pools, GooseFX proudly features a fully
on-chain Centralized Limit Order Book (CLOB) based DEX. This platform
revolutionizes the way you trade derivatives with utpo 10x leverage, ensuring
a robust and efficient trading experience.

###

Key Features

  * **Perpetual Futures DEX based on a CLOB design (not AMM or synthetic)**

    * Upto 10x leverage

    * Lowest Fee on Solana

    * Incentives for Market Makers

  * **Single Sided Liquidity Pools**

    * Earn yields by staking a single token

    * Instant deposit and withdrawals

    * Daily rewards

  * **Stake GOFX - Earn USDC (Revenue Sharing)**

###

The Team

Our team at GooseFX comprises skilled engineers led by Rust experts with over
eight years of experience. Our senior engineers, seasoned in traditional
finance, specialize in algorithmic trading and quantitative analysis.
Initially focused on CEX market making, we pivoted to DEX market making and
arbitrage, leveraging our diverse expertise in engineering, finance, and
databases to innovate in the DeFi space. We found Solana to be the most
performant chain meant for traders and with a background in Rust, we decided
to build a protocol on top of our MM activities.

**Our goal at GooseFX has always been simple** _Keep a community first DeFi
protocol. This is illustrated by our user first tokenomics with fee share and
burn mechanisms._

* * *

##

Learn More

[📈pagePerpetual Futures](/features/perpetual-futures)[⚖️pageSingle Sided
Pools](/features/farm)[📊pageGOFX Token](/tokenomics/gofx-token)[💸pageStake
Rewards & Fee Share](/tokenomics/stake-rewards-and-fee-share)

Last updated 5 months ago

On this page

  * What is GooseFX?
  * Key Features
  * The Team
  * Learn More

Was this helpful?

