![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/kosa-kata)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/vocabulari)
      * [Dansk](/da/ordliste)
      * [Deutsch](/de/glossar)
      * [English](/en/vocabulary)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/vocabulario)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/vocabulaire)
      * [Italiano](/it/glossario)
      * [Magyar](/hu/szotar)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/woordenlijst)
      * [Polski](/pl/slownik)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/vocabulario)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/vocabular)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/besednjak)
      * [Srpski](/sr/vokabular)
      * [Svenska](/sv/ordlista)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/kelime-haznesi)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/vocabulary)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/vocabulary)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/vocabulary)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/vocabulary)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/vocabulary)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/vocabulary)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/vocabulary)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/vocabulary)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/vocabulary)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/vocabulary)
      * [ááááá](/km/vocabulary)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/vocabulary)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/vocabulary)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/vocabulary)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Some Bitcoin words you might hear

Bitcoin provides a new approach to payments and, as such, there are some new
words that might become a part of your vocabulary.

ALL TOPICS

  * Address
  * Bit
  * Bitcoin
  * Block Chain
  * Block
  * BTC
  * Confirmation
  * Cryptography
  * Double Spend
  * Hash Rate
  * Mining
  * P2P
  * Private Key
  * Signature
  * Wallet

## Address

A Bitcoin address is **similar to a physical address or an email**. It is the
only information you need to provide for someone to pay you with Bitcoin. An
important difference, however, is that each address should only be used for a
single transaction.

## Bit

Bit is a common unit used to designate a sub-unit of a bitcoin - 1,000,000
bits is equal to 1 bitcoin (BTC). This unit is usually more convenient for
pricing tips, goods and services.

## Bitcoin

Bitcoin - with capitalization, is used when describing the concept of Bitcoin,
or the entire network itself. e.g. "I was learning about the Bitcoin protocol
today."  
bitcoin - without capitalization, is used to describe bitcoins as a unit of
account. e.g. "I sent ten bitcoins today."; it is also often abbreviated BTC
or XBT.

## Block Chain

The block chain is a **public record of Bitcoin transactions** in
chronological order. The block chain is shared between all Bitcoin users. It
is used to verify the permanence of Bitcoin transactions and to prevent double
spending.

## Block

A block is a **record in the block chain that contains and confirms many
waiting transactions**. Roughly every 10 minutes, on average, a new block
including transactions is appended to the block chain through mining.

## BTC

BTC is a common unit used to designate one bitcoin.

## Confirmation

Confirmation means that a transaction has been **processed by the network and
is highly unlikely to be reversed**. Transactions receive a confirmation when
they are included in a [block](/en/vocabulary#block) and for each subsequent
block. Even a single confirmation can be considered secure for low value
transactions, although for larger amounts like $1000 USD, it makes sense to
wait for 6 confirmations or more. Each confirmation _exponentially_ decreases
the risk of a reversed transaction.

## Cryptography

Cryptography is the branch of mathematics that lets us create **mathematical
proofs that provide high levels of security**. Online commerce and banking
already uses cryptography. In the case of Bitcoin, cryptography is used to
make it impossible for anybody to spend funds from another user's wallet or to
corrupt the block chain. It can also be used to encrypt a wallet, so that it
cannot be used without a password.

## Double Spend

If a malicious user tries to **spend their bitcoins to two different
recipients at the same time** , this is double spending. Bitcoin mining and
the block chain are there to create a consensus on the network about which of
the two transactions will confirm and be considered valid.

## Hash Rate

The hash rate is the **measuring unit of the processing power of the Bitcoin
network**. The Bitcoin network must make intensive mathematical operations for
security purposes. When the network reached a hash rate of 10 Th/s, it meant
it could make 10 trillion calculations per second.

## Mining

Bitcoin mining is the process of **making computer hardware do mathematical
calculations for the Bitcoin network to confirm transactions** and increase
security. As a reward for their services, Bitcoin miners can collect
transaction fees for the transactions they confirm, along with newly created
bitcoins. Mining is a specialized and competitive market where the rewards are
divided up according to how much calculation is done. Not all Bitcoin users do
Bitcoin mining, and it is not an easy way to make money.

## P2P

Peer-to-peer refers to **systems that work like an organized collective** by
allowing each individual to interact directly with the others. In the case of
Bitcoin, the network is built in such a way that each user is broadcasting the
transactions of other users. And, crucially, no bank is required as a third
party.

## Private Key

A private key is a **secret piece of data that proves your right to spend
bitcoins from a specific wallet** through a cryptographic signature. Your
private key(s) are stored in your computer if you use a software wallet; they
are stored on some remote servers if you use a web wallet. Private keys must
never be revealed as they allow you to spend bitcoins for their respective
Bitcoin wallet.

## Signature

A cryptographic signature is **a mathematical mechanism that allows someone to
prove ownership**. In the case of Bitcoin, a Bitcoin wallet and its private
key(s) are linked by some mathematical magic. When your Bitcoin software signs
a transaction with the appropriate private key, the whole network can see that
the signature matches the bitcoins being spent. However, there is no way for
the world to guess your private key to steal your hard-earned bitcoins.

## Wallet

A Bitcoin wallet is loosely **the equivalent of a physical wallet on the
Bitcoin network**. The wallet actually contains your private key(s) which
allow you to spend the bitcoins allocated to it in the block chain. Each
Bitcoin wallet can show you the total balance of all bitcoins it controls and
lets you pay a specific amount to a specific person, just like a real wallet.
This is different to credit cards where you are charged by the merchant.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/kosa-kata)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/vocabulari)
      * [Dansk](/da/ordliste)
      * [Deutsch](/de/glossar)
      * [English](/en/vocabulary)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/vocabulario)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/vocabulaire)
      * [Italiano](/it/glossario)
      * [Magyar](/hu/szotar)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/woordenlijst)
      * [Polski](/pl/slownik)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/vocabulario)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/vocabular)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/besednjak)
      * [Srpski](/sr/vokabular)
      * [Svenska](/sv/ordlista)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/kelime-haznesi)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/vocabulary)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/vocabulary)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/vocabulary)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/vocabulary)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/vocabulary)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/vocabulary)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/vocabulary)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/vocabulary)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/vocabulary)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/vocabulary)
      * [ááááá](/km/vocabulary)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/vocabulary)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/vocabulary)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/vocabulary)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

