[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Dual Investment Update: Earn Interest & Trade Smarter

2024-04-26

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance’s Dual Investment allows you to buy or sell crypto at a predetermined price on a future date, earning interest regardless of market direction, and eliminating trading fees for filled orders.

  * Our recent revamp enhances the user experience with streamlined asset selection, simplified settlement date viewing, and a more efficient subscription process.

  * Built for both new and seasoned users, the Dual Investment update delivers a more intuitive product — with the goal of making crypto more accessible.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/f169b61a-98ca-48ba-997d-8596e87e79c4)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services referred to here may
not be available in your region._

In an ever-evolving digital landscape, our recent [_Dual
Investment_](https://www.binance.com/en/dual-investment) product update
signifies our commitment to constant improvement and responsiveness to user
feedback. This revamp focuses on enhancing user experience through
simplification and efficiency, aiming to make crypto even more accessible and
understandable. But before we delve into the specifics of these changes, it’s
also a good time to revisit the fundamentals of Dual Investment, ensuring a
solid foundation for both new and seasoned users interested in exploring this
update.

## What is Dual Investment?

Dual Investment combines the potential for earning interest with the
flexibility of setting limit orders for cryptocurrencies. This means you
commit to buying or selling a digital asset at a predetermined price on a
specific future date. The unique appeal of Dual Investment lies in its ability
to let investors earn passive income — regardless of market direction — while
waiting for their target buy or sell conditions to be met.

### The Mechanics of ‘Buy Low’ and ‘Sell High’ Products

Let’s break down the mechanics:

**‘Buy Low' Product:** This allows you to set a target price below the current
market price at which you wish to purchase a cryptocurrency. If the market
price drops to or below your target price on the settlement date, you’ll buy
the cryptocurrency at the price you specified, earning interest on your
capital in the meantime.

**‘Sell High’ Product** : Conversely, this product enables you to set a target
price above the current market price at which you’re ready to sell a
cryptocurrency. If the market reaches or exceeds this price by the settlement
date, you’ll sell your cryptocurrency at your desired price, again earning
interest until that point.

### Examples to illustrate the ‘Buy Low’ and ‘Sell High’ products

To better understand these products, let’s consider two scenarios:

**1\. ‘Buy Low’ Example**

  *  _Scenario_ : Imagine Bitcoin (BTC) is currently trading at $60,000. You believe it has the potential to drop to $55,000 in the next month but will eventually rebound.

  * _Strategy_ : You decide to use the ‘Buy Low’ product to set a target purchase price at $55,000, with a settlement date one month from now.

  * _Outcome if Target is Reached_ : If BTC drops to $55,000 or lower by the settlement date, you'll automatically purchase it at $55,000, utilizing both your initial investment and the interest earned during the period.

  * _Outcome if Target is Not Reached_ : If BTC remains above $55,000, you won’t buy BTC but will still receive the interest earned on your stablecoin investment.

**2\. ‘Sell High’ Example**

  *  _Scenario_ : Ethereum (ETH) is valued at $3,000, and you predict it might rise to $3,500 shortly.

  * _Strategy_ : You opt for the ‘Sell High’ product, setting a target sell price at $3,500, with a future settlement date.

  * _Outcome if Target is Reached_ : Should ETH reach or exceed $3,500 by the settlement date, you’ll sell your ETH at $3,500, plus earn interest on your holdings until that point.

  * _Outcome if Target is Not Reached_ : If ETH fails to hit $3,500, the sale won’t proceed, but you will have earned interest on your ETH holdings.

## Benefits of Dual Investment

One of the most attractive features of Dual Investment is the opportunity to
earn interest, irrespective of whether the market is bullish or bearish.
Traditional financial products often tie your earnings to market performance,
but Dual Investment breaks this mold. By locking in your crypto or fiat with a
‘Buy Low’ or ‘Sell High’ order, you earn interest until the settlement date.

Another significant advantage of using Dual Investment is the elimination of
trading fees for orders that are filled. Typically, buying or selling crypto
incurs a fee, which can add up, especially for active traders. However, when
your ‘Buy Low’ or ‘Sell High’ Dual Investment order is executed, Binance
waives these fees, making it a cost-effective option for trading.

## Understanding the Risks of Dual Investment Products

Dual Investment products, while versatile and potentially profitable, require
a nuanced understanding of the risks involved:

**1\. Market Price Volatility Risk:** The crypto market is known for its high
volatility. When you commit to a Dual Investment product, you’re locking in a
future buy or sell price based on your predictions. However, the market could
move in an unforeseen direction, leading to missed opportunities. For example,
if you set a ‘Buy Low’ target but the market price significantly drops below
your target, you may end up buying at a higher price than the new market norm.

**2\. Opportunity Cost:** Engaging in a Dual Investment product means your
assets are locked until the settlement date. During this period, you might
miss out on other opportunities, including favorable market movements that
could offer higher returns.

**3\. Interest Rate Fluctuation:** The interest earned on Dual Investment
products is attractive, but these rates are fixed upon subscription. Market
interest rates or yields on other opportunities could increase, presenting a
potential opportunity cost for locking in your assets.

## Dual Investment Product Revamp: What’s New

Binance’s commitment to user satisfaction and feedback has led to a
significant revamp of the Dual Investment user experience and interface
(UX/UI). This update is designed to further streamline the process, making it
more intuitive, efficient, and responsive to user needs. With a cleaner look
and simplified view, the revamp addresses common user feedback and enhances
the overall usability of Dual Investment. Let’s dive into the details of this
exciting update.

### Simplification of Asset Selection

The process of selecting which asset to invest in has been streamlined, making
it easier for users to navigate through available options and make informed
decisions quickly.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/f65d5d06-71a3-48bd-
be91-4773b978f480)

### Simplification of Viewing Settlement Dates

Viewing and selecting settlement dates is now more straightforward, allowing
users to easily plan their Dual Investment strategy around their preferred
timeline.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/96a57075-4cfc-492b-a3fd-41d8dc3d303d)

### Simplified Subscription Flow

The subscription process has been overhauled for clarity and efficiency,
reducing the number of steps and potential confusion for users subscribing to
Dual Investment products.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/b0ba617a-d7df-40d1-8861-3df419fcba35)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/e8002eea-b4a9-4e7b-b7e3-934014b29829)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/3a5f2de4-bb05-4c6b-ae84-2955853ff3f3)

### APR Confirmation Pop-Up

Perhaps the most significant update is the introduction of an APR confirmation
pop-up. This feature locks in the Annual Percentage Rate (APR) at the time of
subscription, addressing the issue of fluctuating APRs during periods of high
market volatility.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240426/6a148b89-06b9-4231-a705-5e9152861f3c)

### Product Update: A Cleaner Look and Improved Functionality

The Dual Investment UX/UI revamp represents another step forward in making
crypto more accessible, understandable, and user-friendly. By addressing key
areas of user feedback and simplifying the process, Binance continues to
demonstrate its commitment to enhancing user experience and satisfaction.
Whether you’re a seasoned trader or new to crypto, these updates make Dual
Investment an even more attractive option for earning rewards on your terms.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Top 6 Dual Investment Trading Strategies_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/top-6-dual-investment-trading-strategies)

  * [ _Exploring Dual Investment’s New Auto-Compound Feature_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/exploring-dual-investments-new-autocompound-feature-3479458420673452953)

  * [ _Binance Earn Dual Investment: Cross Crypto Pairs Launch_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/binance-earn-dual-investment-cross-crypto-pairs-launch-3428929782711269601)

* * *

 _**Disclaimer**_ _: Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You
are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable
for any losses you may incur. For Dual Investment products, your return is
fixed at the Deposit Currency APR, which refers to cryptocurrency rewards in
the Deposit Currency, not actual or predicted returns in fiat or the Target
Currency. You may be better off holding your cryptocurrency, and may be
required to trade at a rate less favourable than the market rate on the
Settlement Date. Not financial advice. For more information, see our_[ __Terms
of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Dual Investment Update: Earn Interest & Trade Smarter

Main Takeaways

What is Dual Investment?

Benefits of Dual Investment

Understanding the Risks of Dual Investment Products

Dual Investment Product Revamp: What’s New

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

