[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvY3Jpc3RpYW5vLXJvbmFsZG8tdnMtYW5hLW1hcmtvdmklQzQlODctZm9vc2JhbGwtY2hhbGxlbmdlLTEyODY3MDgxODk4NTUzODA0NzA%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvY3Jpc3RpYW5vLXJvbmFsZG8tdnMtYW5hLW1hcmtvdmklQzQlODctZm9vc2JhbGwtY2hhbGxlbmdlLTEyODY3MDgxODk4NTUzODA0NzA%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Cristiano Ronaldo vs. Ana Marković: Foosball Challenge

2024-03-19

## Main Takeaways

  * Cristiano Ronaldo and Ana Marković's foosball match with goal-linked questions was an experience unlike any other.

  * Don't miss out on the excitement; secure your CR7 NFT and join the community in the ForeverZone for more exclusive content and utilities.

_Find out exactly what makes a foosball game between Cristiano and Ana
Marković possible!_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240319/7f139253-2584-44c9-b8c9-1e7f270df118.png)

When it comes to football, Cristiano Ronaldo doesn’t just have skills on the
pitch: he’s got them on the foosball field, too. But, were they enough to
match against Croatian footballer, Ana Marković, as they met head to head?

After joining the Binance team in Lisbon, Portugal, the two players - and
Binance brand partners - took the chance to get to know each other a little
bit better over a game of foosball that we’re excited to share with you today!

## Conversations Beyond Goals: The Q&A Twist

First of all, this wasn’t your ordinary game of foosball. Aside from our all-
star lineup, we wanted to give the match a significant twist. Each goal scored
led to a bowl filled with intriguing questions for them to ask one another.

With Cristiano managing to gain the first point, he took the privilege of
asking Ana her first question.

_“Which do you prefer to play, a league game or a cup game?”_

With enough time for seven points on the clock, Ana and Cristiano covered
everything from scoring goals to oversleeping for training and their proudest
moments, too. The score was neck and neck, but only one could win and take
home the glory of being the Binance foosball champion.

> _“It was a wonderful experience. My followers know that I am addicted to
> football, and everybody on the set was also totally in love with football!”_
>
>   * Ana Marković
>
>

To find out exactly who our winner was, there’s only one way to find out!

[**[Watch Our Foosball With Ana & CR7 Video
Now!]**](https://youtu.be/JBJAcOl_4f0)

## A One-of-a-Kind Experience for Our CR7 NFT Community

The Foosball Challenge was a fantastic opportunity to understand better what
makes our two sporting partners tick. It’s not every day our community gets to
learn about Cristiano and Ana’s lives on the pitch in conversation with one
another.

At Binance, we’re here to make sure our CR7 NFT community is rewarded with
only the best experiences and content around. Bringing together sports
personalities like Ana & Cristiano is just one way we help fulfill that
promise.

If you’d like to be first in line for even more exclusive opportunities, just
take a look at the benefits we’ve given away to CR7 NFT holders in the past:

  * Automatic entry into future giveaways

  * Collector's edition printable Binance x CR7 posters

  * Personal video messages straight from Cristiano Ronaldo

  * Binance football shirts and balls signed by Cristiano Ronaldo

  * Tickets to Binance Blockchain Week

  * Virtual meet and greets and a trip to train with Cristiano himself

So, if you like what you see, don’t hesitate to join us in our CR7
ForeverZone. You’ll get access to plenty of future utilities, and all it takes
is to [_purchase your own CR7 NFT in just a few simple
steps_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/how-to-score-your-own-
cr7-nft-6279780263997493420).

## The CR7, Binance, and Ana Marković Connection

Our work and content with both Cristiano Ronaldo and Ana Marković help
demonstrate the shared merits we all have. For Binance, our main values of
hardcore, humility, collaboration, freedom, and focus on users are at the
heart of all we do.

From Cristiano’s early days in Madeira, to Binance's start in 2017, humility
and hard work have been consistent in both our remarkable journeys. Ana has
also passionately worked on crafting her international footballing career with
a hardcore but humble attitude.

> _“[Cristiano] was super down to earth and a real gentleman!”_
>
>   * Ana Marković
>
>

Collaboration and freedom are central to all our work, whether that’s on the
pitch or off. It’s particularly important for us in creating the NFT
collections and unique experiences you all know and love.

As fans of Cristiano Ronaldo and Ana Marković, there’s plenty in store for you
here at Binance. To continue your journey off the foosball table, make sure to
join us soon in the
[_ForeverZone_](https://www.binance.com/en/events/cr7-foreverzone) too!

## Your Invite to the World of Sports NFTs

Our foosball match between Cristiano and Ana wasn’t just a game between
friends - it paints the bigger picture of innovation within sports and its
community. We invite everyone to delve further into CR7’s vibrant world of
NFTs and continue the spirit shown on the table that day!

So, what are you waiting for? The ForeverZone’s doors are wide open and we
look forward to seeing you join us on the pitch.

## Further Reading

  * [ _CR7 x Binance: The Journey So Far & What’s Ahead_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/cr7-x-binance-the-journey-so-far--whats-ahead-4443817054650587421) 

  * [_A Day in the Life of a CR7 NFT Holder_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-cr7-nft-holder-7403096175754386119)

  * [ _The Game’s Still On for Future CR7 NFT Utility_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/the-games-still-on-for-future-cr7-nft-utility-3305611640159237533)

  * [ _How to Score Your Own CR7 NFT_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/nft/how-to-score-your-own-cr7-nft-6279780263997493420)

 _**Disclaimer:**__Promotion or endorsement of CR7 assets by Cristiano Ronaldo
do not constitute promotion or endorsement of any other Binance assets.  _

_**Risk Warning:**__Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of any
asset or investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount
initially paid. You are solely responsible for your purchase decisions and
neither Binance, nor its sponsorship partners, are liable for any losses you
may incur. This is not financial advice. For more information, see our_[
_Terms of Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ _Risk
Warning_](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,037,359 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Cristiano Ronaldo vs. Ana Marković: Foosball Challenge

Main Takeaways

Conversations Beyond Goals: The Q&A Twist

A One-of-a-Kind Experience for Our CR7 NFT Community

The CR7, Binance, and Ana Marković Connection

Your Invite to the World of Sports NFTs

Further Reading

195,037,359 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

