[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L3doYXQteW91LW5lZWQtdG8ta25vdy1hYm91dC1wcml2YWN5LWNvaW5zLTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzY1NT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0L3doYXQteW91LW5lZWQtdG8ta25vdy1hYm91dC1wcml2YWN5LWNvaW5zLTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzY1NT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# What You Need to Know About Privacy Coins

2022-04-06

###### Disclaimer: Edited on May 30, 2022

**Main Takeaways:  **

  * Privacy coins are an emerging crypto asset class.

  * Their advanced cryptographic methods are what distinguish privacy coins from bitcoin and other altcoins. 

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220406/48d74d0a-ab5c-4f1f-a106-a4317cc49870.png)

Regular crypto coins aren't completely private, as blockchain transactions are
recorded on a public ledger and open for anyone to see. While such a system
provides several advantages, it doesn't offer users full privacy and
anonymity, making it easier to link an identity to someone’s address.

In this article, we will take a deep-dive into what privacy coins are and how
they work.

## What Are Privacy Coins?

Privacy coins are a class of cryptocurrency built on two main principles:
protecting privacy and ensuring strong data security.

## How Do Privacy Coins Work?

Similar to other cryptocurrencies, privacy coins also use [blockchain
technology](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-blockchain-
technology-a-comprehensive-guide-for-beginners) as a distributed ledger.
While crypto transactions are usually public, privacy coins are designed in a
way that makes it challenging to connect transactions.

What sets private coins apart from regular crypto is that they use
[cryptography](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/history-of-
cryptography) to hide a user's wallet balance and address to maintain a level
of privacy. Using privacy coins cannot guarantee total privacy, and you should
keep in mind any local regulations and laws when handling such assets.

Below we’ve outlined three cryptographic techniques that some privacy coins
use:

**Stealth addresses:** Every transaction generates a new address to protect
the privacy of the recipient.

**Zk-SNARKs****:**[ Zk-SNARKs](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/zk-
snarks-and-zk-starks-explained), an acronym for zero-knowledge succinct non-
interactive argument of knowledge, allows you to prove that a transaction is
valid without sharing its details (sender, receiver, amount).

**Ring Signatures:** When you sign a transaction with a [private
key](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/private-key), others can link
your signature to your address. Ring signatures prevent that from happening.

Since there are various signatures in the same transaction, it becomes harder
for others to connect your signature to your address.

## Are Privacy Coins Really Untraceable?

This will depend on the design and structure of each privacy coin, as some are
more traceable than others. Not all privacy coins are as private as they
claim. Poorly designed protocols could contain flaws that can make their
transactions traceable.

## Privacy Coins on Binance

Below we’ve listed a selection of popular privacy coins:

  1. Monero ([XMR](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/XMR)) at a price of $217.50 and at a market cap of $3,936.97M*

  2. Zcash ([ZEC](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/ZEC)) at a price of $179.20 and at a market cap of $2,521.57M*

  3. Oasis Network ([ROSE](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/ROSE)), at a price of $0.27 and at a market cap of $927.01M*

  4. Decred ([DCR](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/DCR)), at a price of $62.50 and at a market cap of $868.52M*

  5. Secret ([SCRT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/SCRT)), at a price of $5.37 and at a market cap of $876.89M*

  6. Horizen ([ZEN](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/ZEN)), at a price of $48.18 and at a market cap of $589.19M*

  7. Verge ([XVG](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/XVG)), at a price of $0.013 and at a market cap of $218.47M*

  8. Dusk Network ([DUSK](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/DUSK)), at a price of $0.50 and at a market cap of $201.48M*

  9. Phala Network ([PHA](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/PHA)), at a price of $0.29 and at a market cap of $79.20M*

  10.  BEAM ([BEAM](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/EUR/BEAM)) at a price of $0.38 and at a market cap of $42.54M*

* As of April 1st, 2022.

* This list is ranked by market cap and does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by Binance to buy or sell any currency.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220406/993dc9b9-8fa2-429a-bc12-4deb85c6078e.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

## Conclusion

Privacy coins are one of a number of emerging asset classes being added to the
blockchain ecosystem. As with any investment or purchase, you should always
[DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-own-research) (Do Your
Own Research) and take into account local laws and regulations.

**Ready to start your crypto adventure with Binance?**

Sign up for a [Binance account
](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the [Binance
crypto trading
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Once your account is
[verified](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile), you can buy
cryptocurrencies on Binance using fiat in three ways: from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels or e-wallets options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 200+
cryptocurrencies.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220406/e6a71a8b-d99b-4081-945a-88aac3580d6e.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

_**Disclaimer:**__Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk.
Binance is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The opinions and
statements made in the article should not be considered financial advice and
are shown to illustrate an example, and is not_ _intended to serve as
investment advice or recommendation.  _

**Read the following articles for more information:  **

  * (Support)[ How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [5 Most Popular NFT Coins & How to Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/5-most-popular-nft-coins--how-to-buy-them-421499824684903486)

  * (Blog) [What Is A Stablecoin? Here’s Where And How To Buy Them](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/what-is-a-stablecoin-heres-where-and-how-to-buy-them-421499824684903322)

195,018,134 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

What You Need to Know About Privacy Coins

Disclaimer: Edited on May 30, 2022

What Are Privacy Coins?

How Do Privacy Coins Work?

Are Privacy Coins Really Untraceable?

Privacy Coins on Binance

Conclusion

195,018,134 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

