![icon](/vybelogo.svg)

[AlphaVybe](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com)[Get
Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)PlansFAQContact
Us

# High Performance API for the Solana Ecosystem

The Vybe API is designed for developers and teams to access specialized
endpoints for DeFi, AI, Trading, and more. You can integrate and build
projects with exceptional speed and efficiency, leveraging Solana's
capabilities to the fullest for your projects.

[View Our Docs](https://docs.vybenetwork.com/docs/getting-started)[Get a Free
API Key](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

## Benefits

![Benefit Icon](/landing/benefits/benefit-1.svg)

### Enriched & Parsed Data

![Benefit Icon](/landing/benefits/benefit-2.svg)

### High Performance

![Benefit Icon](/landing/benefits/benefit-3.svg)

### Unmatched Reliability

![Benefit Icon](/landing/benefits/benefit-4.svg)

### Priority Support

## Endpoints

![Endpoints](/landing/endpoints/endpoints-icon.svg)

01

### Tokens

chevronDown

#### Real-time & Historical Token Transfers

Get token transfer transactions filterable by transaction signature, calling
program, source and destination owners and more.

#### Token Details

Retrieve the token metadata and metrics like the market cap, price, transfer
volume and number of holders.

#### Trades

Get real-time and historical trades for a token for Orca, Raydium and Phoenix
DEX. Support for additional DEXs on the way!

#### Time Series Data: Holders

Analyze token holder trends with up to 30D historical data.

02

### Accounts

chevronDown

#### Token Balances

Track the investment strategies of key players or monitor the balance
fluctuations within your own wallets.

#### NFT Balances

This endpoint consolidates NFT holdings and offers portfolio values in USD and
SOL, facilitating a comprehensive view of the account's NFT assets.

#### Known Accounts Entities

Retrieve a categorized list of labeled Solana accounts, including CEX wallets,
project treasuries, AMM liquidity pools, market makers, and influencers.

03

### Programs

chevronDown

#### Program Details

Get key metadata and metrics for Solana programs like PIDs, active user
counts, and 24H transaction and instruction counts

#### TVL (DeFi Llama)

See the combined value of all crypto assets deposited across DeFi protocols in
real-time, powered by DeFi Llama.

#### Time Series Data: DAU, Transaction, Instructions

Analyze DAU, transaction & instruction trends for a Solana program with our
time series endpoints.

#### Known Program Entities

Retrieve a categorized list of labeled programs. Labeled programs are
categorized by their product sector (NFT, perps etc.).

04

### Prices

chevronDown

#### OHLCV Trade Price

Retrieve OHCLV candles for a base/quote pair, based on the trades and swaps
for Raydium, Orca and Phoenix DEX. Support for more DEXs and AMMs coming soon.

#### Quote Price

Retrieve the quote price for any token on the Jupiter Strict list. The quote
price is the current price for a cryptocurrency on an exchange or trading
platform.

#### Oracle Pricing (Coming Soon)

Leverage off-chain pricing data provided by Pyth Oracle price feeds to inform
your DeFi strategies and build secure, data-driven applications.

#### NFT Pricing (Coming Soon)

Track NFT collection bid and floor prices aggregated from Solanaâ€™s top NFT
marketplaces.

[View Our Docs](https://docs.vybenetwork.com/reference/get_known_accounts)

## Start building with one our API plans, designed for projects of all sizes.

Gain real-time and historical insights, make data-driven decisions, and
integrate Solana analytics into your workflows. Choose the plan that fits your
needs and budget.

[Get a Free API Key](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

## Custom API Plan

Need a custom enterprise plan or more metrics? Our solution offers maximum
resources, premium support, and customization. For tailored API plans, get in
touch with our team. [Contact us](mailto:support@vybenetwork.com)

## Start building with one our API plans, designed for projects of all sizes.

Gain real-time and historical insights, make data-driven decisions, and
integrate Solana analytics into your workflows. Choose the plan that fits your
needs and budget.

[Get a Free API Key](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

![Free Plan](/landing/plans/free.svg)

![Free Plan](/landing/plans/free.svg)

Free

$0/month

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

Explore our enriched Solana on-chain data API with a free plan offering access
to all endpoints. Ideal for beginners and enthusiasts, this plan provides
historical data for up to 2 months.

check

12K Credits

check

4 RPM

check

2 Months Historical Data

check

Discord Support

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

![Developer Plan](/landing/plans/developer.svg)

![Developer Plan](/landing/plans/developer.svg)

Developer

$25/month

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

Enjoy historical data for up to 6 months. This plan is tailored for individual
developers and small projects requiring more extensive historical data to fuel
their development efforts.

check

100K Credits

check

25 RPM

check

6 Months Historical Data

check

Discord Support

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

Most Popular

![Business Plan](/landing/plans/business.svg)

![Business Plan](/landing/plans/business.svg)

Business

$500/month

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

Power your business with comprehensive access to Solana on-chain data. With
historical data available for up to 1 year, the Business Plan is perfect for
businesses and enterprises seeking reliable blockchain data solutions.

check

1.2M Credits

check

300 RPM

check

1 Year Historical Data

check

Priority Discord Support

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

![Premium Plan](/landing/plans/premium.svg)

![Premium Plan](/landing/plans/premium.svg)

Premium

$1000/month

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

Unlock the full potential of Solana blockchain data with the Premium Plan.
With unlimited historical data enabling advanced analytics and insights for
high-demand applications and large-scale enterprises.

check

3M Credits

check

720 RPM

check

Max Historical Data

check

Priority Discord Support

[Get Started](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

## Custom API Plan

Need a custom enterprise plan or more metrics? Our solution offers maximum
resources, premium support, and customization. For tailored API plans, get in
touch with our team. [Contact us](mailto:support@vybenetwork.com)

## Get in touch with us. We would love to answer your questions.

![icon](/landing/contact-us/contact-us-icon.svg)

Reach out to us

[](https://discord.gg/BMMyHFX53E)[](https://twitter.com/Vybe_Network)[](https://t.me/+K4v1zN4-rwdlZjAx)[email](mailto:support@vybenetwork.com)

Name *

Email *

Your Title

Add Details *

This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google [Privacy
Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy) and [Terms of
Service](https://policies.google.com/terms) apply.

Reach out to us

[](https://discord.gg/BMMyHFX53E)[](https://twitter.com/Vybe_Network)[](https://t.me/+K4v1zN4-rwdlZjAx)[email](mailto:support@vybenetwork.com)

Send Message

## Let's take your app to the next level!

![icon](/landing/next-level/next-level-icon.svg)

Discover the unparalleled efficiency of our API firsthand. Sign up now for a
complimentary trial with limited usage and start exploring all the amazing
features we offer. Experience the future of data integration, on us!

[Get Free API Key](https://alpha.vybenetwork.com/subscriptions/overview)

![icon](/landing/faq/faq-icon.svg)circleQuestionFill

## FAQ

### Is there a free trial?

chevronRight

Yes! Simply sign in with your wallet or socials to access the API dashboard.
From there you can create an API key and access our Free API immediately.

### Is there any limits on calls?

chevronRight

1 credit = 1 call. Each of our plans have varying limits on the number of
calls available per billing cycle to fit different business use cases. Overage
costs will be introduced in the future to allow for more flexibility.

### How are payments handled?

chevronRight

We currently support credit card payments via Stripe. Crypto payment
integrations are coming soon.

### What kind of historical data is available?

chevronRight

You can access historical data for token transfers, account balances and token
prices and other metrics like DAU, TVL and volume for programs, with much more
on the way!

### What programs (dApps) are supported?

chevronRight

Metrics for additional protocols will be continuously added as we expand our
end points. Currently, you can get basic program metrics for all the programs
found in our catalog. Trade metrics are currently based on Drift, Phoenix,
Raydium, Orca and Jupiter.

### I have some additional questions, where can I contact for support?

chevronRight

Reach out to us via [Discord](https://discord.gg/BMMyHFX53E),
[Twitter](https://twitter.com/Vybe_Network), Feedback form or our
[email](mailto:support@vybenetwork.com).

