[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

[ ](/)

[How it works](/how-does-eclipse-work)[Careers](/careers)[News](/news)[Docs
](https://docs.eclipse.builders)

# News

See what people are saying

For media inquiries, please reach out to
[team@eclipse.xyz.](mailto:press@eclipse.builders)

[Mar 13, 20240xResearchBalancing Demand and Revenue in a Bull MarketIn this
week's analyst round table the crew dives into the latest market happenings,
discussing Eclipse's $50 million raise.
](https://youtu.be/_DDABiTUBGQ?feature=shared&t=103)

[Mar 12, 2024The Daily Gwei The blobs are coming, Eclipse raises $50mil and
moreHosted by Anthony Sassano, this episode of the Daily Gwei Refuel discusses
Eclipse's $50M Series A raise.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vpo1zo3FE_k&t=1096s)

[Mar 11, 2024The Block Eclipse Labs raises $50 million in Series A funding
ahead of expected Q2 mainnetEclipse Labs has raised $50 million in Series A
funding co-led by Placeholder and Hack VC. The firm is developing an Ethereum
Layer-2 solution using the Solana Virtual Machine (SVM), aiming for
scalability and composability. ](https://www.theblock.co/post/281566/eclipse-
labs-raises-50-million-in-series-a-funding-ahead-of-
expected-q2-mainnet?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social)

[Mar 11, 2024CoinDeskBlockchain Builder Eclipse Labs Raises $50M Ahead of
Layer-2âs Mainnet DebutEclipse Labs, the company building a blockchain to
scale Ethereum using parts from Solana, raised $50 million ahead of its
mainnet debut, which should come within weeks.
](https://www.coindesk.com/business/2024/03/11/blockchain-builder-eclipse-
labs-raises-50m-ahead-of-layer-2s-mainnet-
debut/?utm_campaign=coindesk_main&utm_source=twitter&utm_content=editorial&utm_medium=social&utm_term=organic)

[Mar 11, 2024BlockworksEclipse secures $50M ahead of mainnet launchModular
blockchain Eclipse has secured $50 million in a Series A funding round led by
Placeholder and Hack VC, bringing its total funding to $65 million. Other
investors including Polychain Capital, Delphi Digital, Maven 11, DBA and
Fenbushi Capital also participated in the round.
](https://blockworks.co/news/eclipse-series-a-funding-mainnet-launch)

[Mar 11, 2024OKX VenturesWe've Joined the US$50 Million Series A Investment in
EclipseOKX Ventures has joined a US$50 million Series A funding round for
Eclipse, a pioneering Ethereum Layer 2 solution utilizing the Solana Virtual
Machine (SVM). ](https://www.okx.com/learn/okx-ventures-invests-eclipse)

[Feb 26, 2024BanklessIs DA a Good Business Model?CEO Neel Somani joins
Bankless to discuss Data Availability and what it looks like to unlock its
economics. ](https://t.co/a4oLnXkqqo)

[Feb 26, 2024Proof of Coverage Neel Somani and Matt Katz Sal is joined by Matt
Katz of Caldera and Neel Somani of Eclipse to discuss infrastructure and L2s.
](https://open.spotify.com/episode/4q1E3DXMmCWzyLjGBCu2Y1?si=5a3dae80ae1e49a5&nd=1&dlsi=275d720b5e624377)

[Dec 17, 2023 The RollupModularism Not MaximalismEclipse, Celestia, and other
teams discuss the state of modular blockchains and the future of blockchain
scaling. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NMgUqGemNEQ)

[Dec 14, 2023Coinbase 2024 Crypto Market OutlookEclipse was featured in The
L1/L2 Landscape chapter of Coinbase's 2024 Crypto Market Outlook.
](https://www.coinbase.com/institutional/research-insights/research/market-
intelligence/2024-crypto-market-outlook)

[Dec 8, 2023DBAL1s vs. L2s, Rollups vs. Integrated, General-purpose vs. App-
specificThis post describes the concrete tradeoffs of L1s vs. L2s, Rollups vs.
integrated, App-specific vs. general-purpose, as well as Eclipse's approach of
unbundling consensus.  ](https://dba.xyz/l1s-vs-l2s-rollups-vs-integrated-
general-purpose-vs-app-specific/)

[Dec 8, 2023Uncommon Core 2.0SVM vs EVMFor the EVM, Ethereum has pushed
vertical scaling efforts to other chains. For the SVM, Eclipse is gearing up
to launch their SVM Ethereum L2.
](https://open.spotify.com/episode/1GWw24ZlhmsW4zt6RRVG0L?si=-gJAFYVoRm6pyhcmd-
nw3Q&nd=1&dlsi=97f5715a634a4c3f)

[Nov 30, 2023Strange Water Podcast Ethereum's Next Upgrade: The SVMProduct
Manager Sydney Huang challenges the conventional thinking around Ethereum
Layer 2 solutions, discussing Eclipse's approach and more.
](https://strangewater.xyz/episode/d992cd0b-c793-4e10-9a5d-775aa828aea7)

[Nov 8, 2023Arkreen NetworkEclipse Mainnet: Bridging Ethereum's Speed Gap with
Solana Virtual MachineCEO Neel Somani discusses Eclipse, the innovative
Ethereum layer-2 solution using Solana VM.
](https://x.com/arkreen_network/status/1722433130320306555?s=20)

[Nov 2, 2023Unlayered PodcastCombining Ethereum's Reach and Solana's SpeedThis
episode digs into CEO Neel Somani's conscious design decision to tap into
ETHâs massive network effects while simultaneously leveraging Solanaâs
high-throughput execution environment. Eclipseâs unique position amongst L2s
may ultimately prove to be mutually beneficial to both the Ethereum and Solana
ecosystems. ](https://open.spotify.com/episode/2SAW6Gx2nF3GJPyhAByJ8I)

[Oct 16, 2023CelestiaModular Meets MonolithicIn this YouTube livestream, CEO
Neel Somani debates modular vs. monolithic blockchains with Anatoly Yakovenko,
co-founder of Solana Labs, and Jonathan Charbonneau, managing partner at DBA,
moderated by Nick White, COO of Celestia.
](https://twitter.com/i/broadcasts/1LyxBnPzgnjxN)

[Oct 12, 2023I Pledge AllegianceEclipse, L2s, and Ecosystem BuildingIn this
episode, we chat with Neel Somani, the founder of Eclipse. We begin with an
overview of Neel's personal journey in crypto, from exploring Cosmos and
appchains, to thinking about Rollups-as-a-Service, to now building an L2 with
Eclipse. ](https://www.reverie.ooo/podcast-episode/neel-somani-
eclipse-l2s-and-ecosystem-building)

[Oct 11, 2023The Block ProEclipse: The Fusion of Solana and EthereumEclipse is
a rollup that aims to leverage the Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) to scale
Ethereum's throughput. Advantages include the parallel processing of
transactions and independent fee markets, which can help alleviate some of the
issues that the Ethereum blockchain currently faces, such as a popular NFT
mint congesting the entire chain. ](https://theblock.pro/research/eclipse-the-
fusion-of-solana-and-ethereum-255411)

[Oct 4, 2023DeFi FrameworksA Solana Rollup on Ethereum? An Interview With
EclipseHartvigsen chats with CEO Neel Somani about the upcoming Eclipse
Ethereum layer-2, its design choices as well as various other subjects such as
the mainnet release, fee structure/value-accrual, a native token and more.
](https://thorhartvigsen.substack.com/p/a-solana-rollup-on-ethereum-an-
interview)

[Oct 3, 2023MessariModular Blockchains Beyond Rollups: A Dive into the Eclipse
Mainnet DesignRegardless of where you land on the Solana vs Ethereum debate,
Eclipse shows how the best ingredients from different ecosystems can be
combined to produce novel modular blockchains.
](https://messari.io/report/modular-blockchains-beyond-rollups-a-dive-into-
the-eclipse-mainnet-design)

[Oct 2, 2023Neel Somani A Year Around The Sun With EclipseCEO Neel Somani
reflects on a year of learnings from Eclipse and highlights key lessons that
led to the creation of Eclipse Mainnet: Ethereum's fastest L2, powered by the
SVM.  ](https://www.neelsomani.com/blog/a-year-around-the-sun-with-
eclipse.php?ref=twitter)

[Sep 29, 2023The 100x PodcastIs This The Solana KILLER? Product Manager Sydney
Huang of Eclipse, arguably the most groundbreaking L2 in recent memory, joins
this episode to discuss how Eclipse succeeded in bringing Solana to Ethereum,
a feat thought to be impossible.
](https://youtu.be/sdiG9kPPGVo?feature=shared)

[Sep 25, 2023The Daily Gwei PodcastCore dev updates, Eclipse SVM L2 detailed
and moreThe Daily Gwei recaps the architecture announcement of Eclipseâs
Ethereum's L2, powered by the SVM.
](https://youtu.be/ihvW2S8MsQo?feature=shared&t=1014)

[Sep 23, 2023BlockworksEclipse takes a âbest of all worldsâ approach to
solve scalability trilemmaBlockworks co-founder Michael Ippolito credits
Eclipse founder Neel Somani with the âcleverâ modular design of Eclipse,
adding, âitâs going to be down to his [business development] chops to
actually go and recruit developers.â ](https://blockworks.co/news/eclipse-
blockchain-scalability-trilemma-bell-curve)

[Sep 22, 2023BlockworksEclipse is using Solanaâs virtual machine to launch
an Ethereum L2Eclipse will use Solanaâs virtual machine for execution,
Ethereum for settlement, Celestia for data availability and Risc Zero for
proving ](https://blockworks.co/news/eclipse-solana-virtual-machine)

[Sep 22, 2023Empire Podcast Why Protocols Should Advertise and When to Buy Your Watchlist | RoundupJason Yanowitz and Santiago Santos discuss the Eclipse SVM Eth L2 mainnet architecture. ](https://youtu.be/eU4l3sKzE4E?feature=shared&t=2908)

[Sep 22, 2023Bell Curve PodcastMakerDAO Rally Reaction | Round UpThe Bell Curve team discusses the design of Eclipse's Eth L2, powered by the SVM, and more.  ](https://youtu.be/dSv7mglaqII?feature=shared&t=83)

[Sep 20, 2023Logan Jastremski PodcastBuilding Parallelization on Ethereum with
Neel of Eclipse CEO Neel Somani and Logan Jastremski discuss bringing
parallelization to the Ethereum Roll-Ups Ecosystem, Local Fee Markets, Data
Availibility of Celestia, and more.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OEDNRSgvwCk)

[Sep 20, 2023Bankless The L2 PivotEclipse unveiled its mainnet architecture.
It uses Ethereum for settlement, the Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) for
execution, Celestia for data availability (DA), and RISC Zero for fraud
proofs. While certainly an abomination of crypto nature, Eclipse is a serious
contender for the title of Best Ethereum Rollup.
](https://www.bankless.com/the-l2-pivot)

[Sep 19, 2023EclipseIntroducing Eclipse Mainnet: The Ethereum SVM L2Weâre
excited to finally announce the architecture for Eclipse Mainnet: Ethereumâs
fastest L2, powered by the SVM.
](https://mirror.xyz/eclipsemainnet.eth/me7bXLWJDS177V6nl8j1uzF1mxpX6nbGOLNeyBAwXgs)

[Sep 19, 2023Bankless PodcastSVM on Ethereum?! Bullish or Bearish $SOL? With
Neel SomaniBankless invites CEO Neel Somani to discuss Solana on Ethereum.
Eclipse is not only a new L2 on the scene, itâs also an L2 framework. Itâs
a superchain contender.  ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tqTD5KrLqXU&t=1s)

[Sep 19, 2023Delphi Digital Eclipse Announces SVM L2This is one of the best
example of the âmodularâ thesis, utilizing what the Eclipse team believes
to be the best parts from every ecosystem.
](https://members.delphidigital.io/feed/eclipse-announces-
svm-l2?utm_source=link&utm_medium=portal)

[Aug 29, 2023Contango DigitalTransforming the dApp Landscape with Customizable
RollupsIn this episode featuring Veronica Buron and Grant Gerber on the
Eclipse team, we talk about the live Eclipse testnet, which has over 30
applications building on top of it.
](https://open.spotify.com/episode/7GEcvmsBha7YGjF1oeDslu?si=3cfe755b54e34afc&nd=1)

[Aug 23, 2023BlockworksLayer-1s, rollups, or appchains â which is best for
building enterprise-scale blockchain apps?The successful launch of layer-2
chains like Base has "increasingly validated" the modular blockchain thesis.
Speaking to Blockworks on the Lightspeed podcast, Eclipse CEO Neel Somani
suggests that layer-2 rollups offer the best building platform for businesses.
](https://blockworks.co/news/lightspeed-layer2-enterprise)

[Aug 22, 2023BlockworksForget about decentralizing sequencers â Rollups need
security firstA recent post on X, formerly known as Twitter, by Foobar about
layer-2 rollup sequencer decentralization stirred up debate in the crypto
community. Heâs got a point, according to Eclipse founder Neel Somani.
](https://blockworks.co/news/decentralized-sequencer-rollup)

[Aug 22, 2023Lightspeed PodcastThe Value of Modular Blockchains | Nick White (Celestia), Neel Somani (Eclipse)Nick White (COO of Celestia) and Neel Somani (founder of Eclipse) join us to debate the tradeoffs of modular vs integrated blockchains. We cover the modular thesis, how Eclipse is bringing the SVM to Ethereum, the hidden costs of modularity, centralized sequencers and L2s, where value will accrue in a modular paradigm and more! ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dkimYDbZBLI&feature=youtu.be)

[Jul 27, 2023Modular Summit Talks Rollups-as-a-Service Are Going To ZeroListen
to CEO Neel Somani's talk on RaaS at the Modular Summit 2023.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EIekN6przb0)

[Jul 24, 2023Yahoo! FinanceCrypto Investing: What No One Tells YouCEO Neel
Somani shares his thoughts about crypto investment. To successfully navigate
the digital asset space, Neel advises choosing a category aligned with
personal interests and thorough research.
](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/crypto-investing-no-one-tells-163409122.html)

[Jul 11, 2023The BlockFormer Uniswap and dYdX head joins rollup provider
EclipseEclipse welcomes Vijay Chetty as Chief Business Officer. Chetty
previously held the role of Head of Business Development for the teams behind
Uniswap and dYdX.  ](https://www.theblock.co/post/238747/former-uniswap-and-
dydx-head-joins-rollup-provider-eclipse?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social)

[Jul 11, 2023BlocksterFormer Uniswap + dYdX Exec Vijay Chetty Joins Eclipse as
Chief Business OfficerVijay Chetty, former Head of Business Development at
decentralized finance (DeFi) companies Uniswap and dYdX, joins Eclipse as
Chief Business Officer, leading Eclipse's growth and market penetration.
](https://blockster.com/former-uniswap-dydx-exec-vijay-chetty-joins-eclipse-
as-chief-business-officer)

[Jun 29, 2023The InteropCustomizable Rollups with Neel SomaniNeel Somani joins
The Interop to discuss modular architecture, various chain comparisons, as
well as how Eclipse infrastructure works with other DA layers.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LCXPu3E4E6Q)

[Jun 27, 2023DePIN StateHow Eclipse Plans To Scale Ethereum For DePINCEO Neel
Somani joins DePIN State to talk about Eclipse's solution for scaling Ethereum
for DePIN (Decentralized Physical Infrastructure Network) projects.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F_59j-LZk7Y)

[May 29, 2023MessariExploring Chain Options for DePINsSmart contract platforms
are in a race to secure their portion of a potential $2.2 trillion DePIN
market. ](https://messari.io/report/infra-brief-the-depin-chain-wars)

[May 23, 2023The Charlie Shrem ShowThe Rebels Reshaping the Bitcoin
Battlefield and Crypto's Radical ArchitectsCrypto's radical architects are
dismantling digital dogmas. Together with Neel Somani, Leonard Dorlochter, and
Paul Sztorc, we'll be navigating the chaos of the cryptoverse, revealing game-
changing L2 solutions, and exposing the tech that could terminate the reign of
altcoins.
](https://open.spotify.com/episode/5ORj7dYz3oqnOcZxn3bHOo?si=f43957dda22f4b91&nd=1)

[May 10, 20230xResearchEclipse: Rollups Powered by Solana's Virtual Machines | Neel SomaniNeel Somani joins us to discuss how Eclipse enables rollups powered by Solana's parallelizable virtual machine. You've heard the debate: "Rollups don't scale because of the single-threaded EVM." With Eclipse, this is no longer the case. Tune in to learn why Eclipse chose the SVM, Eclipse's design and settlement assurances, how rollups can maintain interoperability, where value accrues in a modular world and more! ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=65fDsrpEifw)

[May 10, 2023BlockworksHave Your Cake and Eat it Too? Customizable Rollups
Across BlockchainsBuilding blockchain-based applications tends to involve
compromise at some point. Companies need to decide what to sacrifice â
speed, cost, security and so forth â to achieve their particular priorities.
Eclipse aims to provide interoperability and customizability to blockchain
applications. ](https://blockworks.co/news/customizable-rollups-across-
blockchains)

[Apr 18, 2023Squads BlogWhat Is SVM - The Solana Virtual MachineThis article
covers the Solana Virtual Machine (SVM) and how this innovative infrastructure
enables the Solana blockchain to deliver enhanced performances compared to
traditional EVM blockchains like Ethereum. ](https://squads.so/blog/solana-
svm-sealevel-virtual-machine)

[Apr 6, 2023Modular Lightning TalksCustomizable Rollups with Eclipse at ETH
DenverListen to Eclipse introduce customizable rollups with the Solana virtual
machine. In this talk, we discuss design considerations that motivated
Eclipse. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sekAXQZi2ek)

[Mar 30, 2023Injective BlogInjective Launches Cascade: First Ever Interchain
Solana SVM RollupInjective today is releasing Cascade, the first ever Solana
SVM rollup for the IBC ecosystem. The integration will bring the Solana
Sealevel Virtual Machine (SVM) into the broader Cosmos world.
](https://blog.injective.com/injective-launches-cascade-first-ever-interchain-
solana-svm-rollup/)

[Mar 30, 2023The BlockInjective, Eclipse to bring Solana applications to the
Cosmos ecosystemEclipse and Injective have partnered to launch Cascade: a
rollup chain that is compatible with Solana-based applications. Applications
ported from Solana to Cascade will be exposed to the wider Cosmos ecosystem.
](https://www.theblock.co/post/223991/injective-and-eclipse-partner-to-bring-
solana-virtual-machine-to-cosmos-ecosystem)

[Mar 8, 2023DeFi LunchDeFi Lunch (Episode 308)Great interview today with Neel
Somani, the founder of Eclipse, a rollup provider for specialized protocols in
DeFi, GameFi, and much more. This is a powerful platform that will make it
easier for protocols to manage performance of their applications on whatever
chain they choose. ](https://www.missiondefi.com/defi-lunch-
ep-308-mar-8-2023-neelsalami-eclipsefnd/)

[Mar 3, 2023Chjango UnchainedCould 90+% of blockchain activity happen on
rollups within a few years?Eclipse is a flagship project utilizing Celestia DA
that implements discrete execution layers (e.g. rollups) that plugs and plays
various VMs. Will this model allow the crypto economy to finally scale to
onboard its next 100 million users?
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qAH0WD4Q7Ik)

[Mar 1, 2023Cryptocito PodcastSolana on Cosmos with IBC? Eclipse Leverages
CelestiaNeel Somani from Eclipse joins Cryptocito to talk about bringing
Solana projects to the IBC ecosystem.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JbwYvBL0JVY)

[Feb 23, 2023TechCrunchRollup provider Eclipse launches software to allow
Solana apps to be compatible with PolygonCustomizable rollup provider Eclipse
is launching a Solana-focused scaling solution, which allows applications to
be compatible with Polygon, the companies exclusively told TechCrunch.
](https://techcrunch.com/2023/02/23/eclipse-launches-software-to-allow-solana-
apps-to-be-compatible-with-polygon/)

[Feb 23, 2023The BlockEclipse to release a Solana-compatible Layer 2
blockchain built for Polygon networkEclipse is releasing Polygon SVM, a Layer
2 blockchain built for the Polygon network and compatible with Solana. Polygon
SVM uses the Sealevel Virtual Machine (SVM) and optimistic rollups, allowing
Solana developers to migrate their apps to Polygon.
](https://www.theblock.co/post/214709/eclipse-to-release-a-solana-compatible-
layer-2-blockchain-built-for-polygon-network)

[Feb 6, 2023Yahoo Finance JapanScaling Crypto with a Universal Layer 2Yahoo
Finance interviews Neel Somani, CEO of Eclipse. Eclipse has successfully
raised a total of $15 million in funding to develop a universal Layer 2.
](https://finance.yahoo.co.jp/news/detail/6274b4a6353f5fc8839896b28b3b1bdfdf5f4c4c)

[Jan 18, 2023Modular InsightsIBC for Solana VM rollups: EclipseEclipse is
welcomed for the third episode of Modular Insights to give a presentation on
the workings of IBC and its uses in Eclipse's modular architecture.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Muri1L5OTlQ)

[Jan 2, 2023Logan Jastremski PodcastThe Solana Virtual Machine StandardNeel
Somani is the Founder of Eclipse, an L2 using the Solana Virtual Machine.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SmE35OdoM3Q)

[Dec 1, 2022Celestia SpotlightModular Solana VM rollups with Neel Somani from
EclipseCelestia Spotlight is where we hear from the people at the forefront of
the modular movement. For the first episode, we welcome Neel from Eclipse!
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EjYbeofJaCA)

[Nov 8, 2022Saga BlogSaga and Eclipse Strategic PartnershipSaga is pleased to
announce a partnership with Eclipse, a Web3 project that is building the first
customizable modular rollup using the Solana Virtual Machine (SVM).
](https://medium.com/sagaxyz/saga-and-eclipse-strategic-
partnership-982b8dbe274c)

[Oct 15, 2022CryptoCoinShowOn-chain App Integrations for DevelopmentAshton
Addison speaks with Neel Somani, Founder of Eclipse, on providing rollups
designed to let on-chain applications integrate the best of various
blockchains, the difference between dApps and app-chains, growth in mainstream
use dApps on Solana, and their road to public testnet.
](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1QSPNbO2C8)

[Oct 12, 2022Crypto NewsFormer Terra developer raises $15 million and applies
lessons to new startupDeveloper Neel Somani picked up where he left off and
raised $15 million for Solana startup Eclipse after his project in the Terra
ecosystem tanked. He built a protocol that can swap out its Layer 1 component.
](https://cryptonews.net/news/finance/14226003/)

[Oct 6, 2022Celestia BlogMeet Cohort One of Modular Fellows28 individuals and
teams were selected for the inaugural cohort of Modular Fellows. Spanning
execution layers, rollup infrastructure, DeFi apps, and more, Cohort One is a
promising seed in the fast-emerging Celestia ecosystem.
](https://blog.celestia.org/meet-cohort-one-of-modular-fellows/)

[Sep 30, 2022CNBC TelevisionCrypto outperforms tech in Q3, and what makes
Solana the fastest blockchainCNBC Crypto World features the latest news and
daily trading updates from the digital currency markets. On todayâs show, we
take a deep dive into the technology that makes Solana the fastest technology
in the world. ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z5W4YRjy7A)

[Sep 27, 2022CoinDeskBlockchain Infrastructure Project Eclipse Raises $15m To
Build âUniversal Layer-2âThe $9 million seed round was co-led by Tribe
Capital and Tabiya, and follows an earlier $6 million in pre-seed funding.
](https://www.coindesk.com/business/2022/09/27/blockchain-infrastructure-
project-eclipse-raises-15m-to-build-universal-layer-2/)

## Sign up for our mailing list

Thank you! Your submission has been received!

Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form.

[Twitter ](https://twitter.com/EclipseFND)[Telegram
](https://t.me/eclipse_labs)[Discord ](https://discord.gg/eclipse-
labs)[LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/eclipse-laboratories/)

