Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/themes/chainalysis/static/images/chainalysis-logo-orange.svg) ](/)

  * ![Links 2024](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/links-2024-logo.svg)
  * Agenda 
  * Breakouts 
  * Speakers 

# ![Links 2024](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/12/links-2024-logo.svg)

Catch up on the best of Links 2024 with on-demand sessions and highlights.

[ Watch Links on demand ](https://go.chainalysis.com/virtual-links-2024.html)

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/links-2024-hero-
bg.svg)

## The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/12/links-2024-presentation-icon.svg)

Attend presentations, case studies, panels, training, fireside chats and
keynotes from public and private sector leaders.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/links-2024-people-
icon.svg)

Meet fellow experts from the leading crypto native firms, traditional
financial institutions, government agencies, DeFi projects and more.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/links-2024-demo-
icon.svg)

Demo Chainalysis products, test new features, and learn about the latest
releases.

## Morning Agenda

Day 1 Day 2

9:00 am

###  Welcome to Links 2024

Chainalysis CEO Michael Gronager welcomes you to Links NYC 2024 and shares his
perspective on the state of the industry.

KEYNOTE

9:10 am

###  2024 Product Vision

2024 will be an incredible year of innovation for the industry, customers, and
Chainalysis. Our CTO, Pratima Arora and VP, Product Marketing, Sean Allen will
highlight a series of exciting advances and new solutions coming to the
portfolio this year.

Product

9:20 am

###  The Cryptocurrency Battle in the War of Russian Aggression

In the Russian invasion of Ukraine, cryptocurrency has emerged as a
battleground, demonstrating the intersection of traditional warfare and cyber
tactics. As the conflict evolves, Russian actors are increasingly turning to
cryptocurrency as a means of funding, evading sanctions, and conducting
illicit transactions. The Ukrainian Cyberpolice investigating cryptocurrency-
related crimes is instrumental in disrupting the financial underpinnings of
hostile activities and safeguarding the integrity of the digital economy. In
this talk, Yevhenii Panchenko, Ukrainian Cyberpolice will show how the
Cyberpolice stay on top of day-to-day crypto crime and war-related
cryptocurrency usage in cooperation with Chainalysis and others in the
industry.

Case Study

9:40 am

###  Unlocking New Perspectives to Analyzing Blockchain Activity

Join us as we unveil the latest developments towards bringing increased
visibility into on-chain activity with our new data infrastructure. In the
last year, we acquired a leading data indexing platform for more granular
views into on-chain activity and rearchitected our data platform to
generically support all tokens on smart-contract based blockchains. The
implications of this includes tracing exposure through sophisticated DeFi
transactions, assessing asset risk, and much more.

Product

9:50 am

###  From New York to DC (and Around the Globe!): In Conversation With
Adrienne Harris and Ritchie Torres

Join NYDFS Superintendent Adrienne Harris and Congressman Ritchie Torres, two
leaders on the forefront of digital asset regulation in the US, as they sit
down with Chainalysis co-founder Jonathan Levin to discuss what the future
looks like for digital currency regulation and what we can expect to see in
2024 and beyond.

Panel

10:15 am

###  Break

Join us for coffee, a morning snack, and networking.

10:45 am

###  From Research to You: Chainalysis Labs

Our Chief Scientist, Jacob Illum will reveal Chainalysis Labs, our incubator
of amazing Research capabilities being developed for customers. He’ll also
discuss a state-of-the-art signals dataset that can be utilized as a co-pilot
in your investigations.

Product

10:55 am

###  Bitcoin ETFs: Behind the Scenes and Beyond the Launch

The launch of the spot bitcoin ETF has energized the digital asset community
since the approval in January. In this session, Chainalysis COO Sari Granat
will join Samara Cohen (BlackRock), Caroline Butler (BNYMellon) and Brett
Tejpaul (Coinbase) to discuss the road to launch and what the future holds for
Bitcoin ETFs.

Panel

11:25 am

###  Links Science Fair

We’re excited to present a new concept to Links NYC this year: the Links
Science Fair. Leaders from major crypto firms will gather to present the next
big thing in crypto. Join OK Group Chief Innovation Officer Jason Lau, CEO of
Privy Henri Stern, and Uniswap COO MC Lader, as they present to the audience
the technology that will change the future of the industry as we know it.

Presentation

12:00 pm

###  Lunch

Join us for lunch and a break before sessions resume at 1pm.

9:00 am

### Decoding Crypto Assets and User Insights

Stablecoin adoption is at record highs, real-world assets have arrived, and
meme coins are mooning. But how are these assets being used, and what should
you know? We’ll discuss our answer here along with some exciting ways you can
transform wallet intelligence from a defensive necessity into a proactive
growth strategy.

Product

9:15 am

### In Conversation with Howard Lutnick, Chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald

Join Chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. Howard Lutnick as he sits
down with Chainalysis Co-founder & CEO Michael Gronager to share his thoughts
on stablecoins, traditional finance’s integration into the world of crypto,
what’s next for Cantor Fitzgerald.

Fireside Chat

9:35 am

### Mixing it Up with FinCEN

It’s been a busy time at the US Treasury, and particularly at FinCEN
(Financial Crimes Enforcement Network). From new proposed regulations around
mixing, to lessons learned from recent enforcement actions, in this session,
Deputy Director of FinCEN Jimmy Kirby sits down with Chainalysis VP of Policy
Caroline Malcolm to discuss these topics, and more!

FIRESIDE CHAT

9:55 am

### The Response to North Korea’s Crypto Heists

If you follow illicit activity in crypto, you’ve likely heard of hacks like
the Axie Infinity hack where North Korean-linked attackers stole more than
$600 million in cryptocurrency in one of the largest crypto heists ever. In
this dynamic session, you’ll hear from several perspectives to understand the
larger national security implications of hacks like these. Join moderator
Geoff White, author of “The Lazarus Heist,” as he sits down with Jessica Peck,
Attorney, Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section (CCIPS), DOJ; Chris
Wong, Supervisory Special Agent (SSA), FBI, and Chainalysis VP of
Investigations Erin Plante.

PANEL

10:15 am

### Break

Join us for coffee, a morning snack, and networking.

10:50 am

### DHS Crypto Strategy: Counternarcotics, Collaboration, and Innovation

Join Department of Homeland Security Under Secretary Rob Silvers and
Chainalysis Public Sector CTO Gurvais Grigg to discuss the fentanyl crisis,
innovation and collaboration between the public and private sector, DHS
priorities in 2024, and more.

Fireside Chat

11:15 am

### Crypto Compliance in 2024

In this powerhouse session, Chainalysis co-founder Jonathan Levin will sit
down with three global compliance executives and pioneers in defining and
building world-class crypto compliance programs: Noah Perlman (CCO, Binance),
Valerie-Leila Jaber (Global Head of Financial Crime Compliance, Coinbase) and
CJ Rinaldi (CCO, Kraken).

Panel

11:40 am

### Terrorist Financing in the Age of Cryptocurrency: Uncovering a Complex
Terrorist Laundering Network Operating from Within New York City

An overview by the New York City Police Department and the Manhattan District
Attorney’s Office of the investigative and prosecutorial lessons learned from
the case of the People of the State of New York v. Victoria Jacobs, the first-
ever prosecution and trial for terrorism and cryptocurrency financing in the
New York State Court’s history.

Case Study

12:00 pm

### Lunch

Join us for lunch and a break before sessions resume at 1pm.

## Afternoon Breakouts

Day 1 Day 2

### Track 1: Westside Ballroom

1:00 - 1:45 pm

### The Best of Federal Agencies Case Studies

Join us for a fast-paced case study session featuring representatives from
three federal agencies.

Join us for a fast-paced case study session featuring representatives from
three federal agencies. In concise 15-minute talks, they'll unveil recent case
studies, delivering actionable insights from their groundbreaking
investigations. Gain a firsthand look at cutting-edge strategies employed by
these agencies, ensuring you stay ahead in the ever-evolving landscape of
federal law enforcement.

2:00 - 2:45 pm

### The Best of State and Local Government Case Studies

Delve into the dynamic world of state and local law enforcement as they tackle
the rising wave of cryptocurrency-related crimes.

Delve into the dynamic world of state and local law enforcement as they tackle
the rising wave of cryptocurrency-related crimes. In this session, gain
insights into the unique challenges these agencies face—tracking illicit
transactions and deciphering complex financial schemes. Traditional methods
have proven insufficient, prompting a search for more effective solutions.
Join us to learn firsthand how these agencies have safeguarded their citizens,
providing crucial insights to fortify your own defense against evolving
digital threats.

3:15 - 4:00 pm

### Cracking the Case: Advancing Crypto Investigations

Join us for a deep dive into our latest advancements in crypto investigations
designed to streamline your workflow.

Join us for a deep dive into our latest advancements in crypto investigations
designed to streamline your workflow. We'll showcase how you can discover
invaluable leads, efficiently trace complex transactions, and seize illicit
assets faster. Plus, get a sneak peek at emerging technologies our labs are
developing to combat the ever-evolving challenges of crypto-enabled crime.

4:15 - 5:00 pm

### Law and Order: The Nexus of Violent Crime and Crypto

You’ve heard of ransomware, hacks, and scams as it pertains to crypto crime.
But have you heard of crypto being used for ghost gun sales, in murder for
hire cases, and as a payment method in other types of violent crime? Join this
session to learn more.

You’ve heard of ransomware, hacks, and scams as it pertains to crypto crime.
But have you heard of crypto being used for ghost gun sales, in murder for
hire cases, and as a payment method in other types of violent crime? We know
that blockchain analytics tools like Chainalysis help to track these criminals
down, so join representatives from CBP, HSI, and Queens County as they share
what they’re seeing locally as they combat crime of all kinds.

### Track 2: Astor Ballroom

1:00 - 1:45 pm

### From Risk to Reward: Using Wallet Insights to Exceed Growth Goals

This session explores how your business can transform wallet intelligence from
a defensive necessity into a proactive growth strategy.

Dive into the transformative shift from risk management to growth hacking
leveraging wallet intelligence. This session explores how your business can
transform wallet intelligence from a defensive necessity into a proactive
growth strategy. From compliance to competitive edge—come learn how leading
exchanges are using wallet intelligence to redefine their businesses’ growth
trajectory. We’ll be joined by customer Brian Higdon from Moonpay, who will
share real-world successes using wallet insights for business expansion in an
engaging Q&A session.

2:00 - 2:45 pm

### Chainalysis Training: Crypto Fundamentals 101

This training will focus on underlying technology, actors and use cases to
provide an overview of cryptocurrency and its role in an array of industries.

This training will focus on underlying technology, actors and use cases to
provide an overview of cryptocurrency and its role in an array of industries.

**At the end of this session you will be able to:**  
• Understand the origins of Bitcoin and the basics of the technical
innovations and infrastructure that underpin cryptocurrencies  
• Recognize physical and digital identifiers of crypto  
• Identify the actors and risky actors involved  
• Understand the role that Chainalysis plays within the wider ecosystem

This training is suitable for beginners.

**Speaker** : Stephanie Santoyo, Chainalysis

3:15 - 4:00 pm

### Securing our Digital Future: Hot Topics in Cybercrime

Gain valuable insights into the challenges, risks, and potential solutions at
the intersection of cybersecurity, international relations, and digital
currencies US federal law enforcement agencies are seeing across their desks
every day.

Join this session to gain valuable insights into the challenges, risks, and
potential solutions at the intersection of cybersecurity, international
relations, and digital currencies that US federal law enforcement agencies are
seeing across their desks every day. We’ll delve into trending topics in
cybercrime including financial sextortion, nation state actors like DPRK,
Child Sexual Abuse Material (CSAM) and how criminals are leveraging
cryptocurrency to bolster their efforts. Our expert speakers, Guy Ficco,
Deputy Director (IRS-CI), Patrick Wyman, Unit Chief - Virtual Asset Unit, FBI,
Mike Prado, Deputy Assistant Director at C3 (HSI), sit down with Chainalysis
Director of Investigations and Intelligence Solutions Tali Shousterman to
touch on these trending issues their agencies are facing, and more.

4:15 - 5:00 pm

### Chainalysis Training: Blockchain Investigations 101

This is a beginner blockchain analytics training covering a range of topics.

This training will provide an understanding of how flows of funds can be
followed from one Bitcoin address to the next and give you a sneak peak into
techniques used to cluster, identify and visualize funds as they flow through
the blockchain.

This training is suitable for beginners.

**Speaker** : Emily Ing, Chainalysis

### Track 3: Soho Complex

1:00 - 1:45 pm

### Regulatory Rollercoaster: US Regulation in 2024 and Beyond

Chainalysis Head of North America Policy Jason Somensatto will join policy
experts Alma Angotti (Guidehouse), Marta Belcher (Filecoin Foundation), and
Kara Calvert (Coinbase) to discuss the ever-evolving potential policy changes
affecting crypto in the US.

In this session, Chainalysis Head of North America Policy Jason Somensatto
will join policy experts Alma Angotti (Guidehouse), Marta Belcher (Filecoin
Foundation), and Kara Calvert (Coinbase) to discuss the ever-evolving
potential policy changes affecting crypto in the US, regulatory uncertainty in
the midst of an election year, and anticipating trends for US regulation in
2024 and beyond.

2:00 - 2:45 pm

### On-Chain Compliance Best Practices

In this session, Chainalysis Enterprise Director Samantha Stutman will sit
down with compliance leaders from major retail firms and Robinhood, MoonPay
and BNY Mellon to discuss the evolution of digital asset teams, customizing
default KYT rule settings and how to tailor them to your business, and
insights from other compliance professionals in an ever-changing regulatory
environment.

In this session, Chainalysis Enterprise Director Samantha Stutman will sit
down with compliance leaders from major retail firms Robinhood and MoonPay and
BNY Mellon to discuss the evolution of digital asset teams, customizing
default KYT rule settings and how to tailor them to your business, and
insights from other compliance professionals in an ever-changing regulatory
environment. We’ll open the session up to audience Q&A so bring your
questions!

3:15 - 4:00 pm

### A Token(ization!) for Your Thoughts

In this session, leaders from BNY Mellon, Deloitte, and Wisdom Tree will sit
down with Chainalysis Director of Compliance Caitlin Barnett to explore what
tokenization could mean for the larger financial ecosystem, and their firms
specifically.

The concept of tokenization is a highly discussed topic within traditional
financial services and beyond. Throughout 2023 and into 2024 we saw examples
include anything from real estate or art to financial assets or even customer
data. In this session, leaders from BNY Mellon, Deloitte, and Wisdom Tree will
sit down with Chainalysis Director of Compliance Caitlin Barnett to explore
what tokenization could mean for the larger financial ecosystem, and their
firms specifically.

4:15 - 5:00 pm

### Crypto Tax Support for Exchanges and Governments

Have you ever wondered how information reporting for digital assets will
change the conversation around tax? Roger Brown, Global Head of Tax Strategy
at Chainalysis, will sit down with Miles Fuller (TaxBit), Sherri Arp (IRS-CI),
and Raj Mukherjee (IRS Civil) to dive into these and related topics.

Have you ever wondered how information reporting for digital assets will
change the conversation around tax? With large data sets, what common
challenges will exchanges and the IRS both face? Will information reporting
eliminate the need for crypto tax solutions or audits? And can effective
workflows combine on-chain and off-chain analysis to create more sustainable
solutions for both civil and criminal tax agencies? Roger Brown, Global Head
of Tax Strategy at Chainalysis, will sit down with Miles Fuller (TaxBit),
Sherri Arp (IRS-CI), and Raj Mukherjee (IRS Civil) to dive into these and
related topics.

### Track 1: Westside Ballroom

1:00 - 1:45 pm

### The Best of Private Sector Case Studies

Hear from three private sector thought leaders from across the crypto
ecosystem to learn how they’re running their risk, investigations, and growth
programs along with best practices you can take back to your teams.

Join us for a fast-paced case study session featuring representatives from
three federal law enforcement agencies.

2:00 - 2:45 pm

### The Best of International Case Studies

Join our international customers from LATAM, EMEA, and beyond, to hear how
they’re leveraging Chainalysis solutions to tackle investigations and
compliance practices in their jurisdictions.

For the first time at Links NYC, join our international customers from LATAM,
EMEA, and beyond, to hear how they’re leveraging Chainalysis solutions to
tackle investigations and compliance practices in their jurisdictions.

3:15 - 4:00 pm

### Unlocking Insights: Discover the Latest Advancements to Our Data
Infrastructure

Join us as we explore how we’ve upleveled our data infrastructure, enabling
faster onboarding of blockchains, generic support for both fungible and non-
fungible tokens, and integration of thousands of additional protocols with
granular indexing.

Join us as we explore how we’ve upleveled our data infrastructure, enabling
faster onboarding of blockchains, generic support for both fungible and non-
fungible tokens, and integration of thousands of additional protocols with
granular indexing. Through these advancements and consolidated datasets, we
gain new perspectives into blockchain activity and can explore innovative
workflows.

4:15 - 5:00 pm

### Latam 2024: Regulatory Shifts, Fintech Innovations, and Emerging Crypto
Use Cases

In this session, representatives from major financial institutions will
explore the evolving financial landscape of Latin America in 2024.

In this session, representatives from major financial institutions will
explore the evolving financial landscape of Latin America in 2024. They'll
cover regulatory updates, expansion of the industry, and the ever-changing
crypto use cases that are emerging throughout the region. In this session,
we'll touch on regulatory shifts, transformative innovations in payments,
stablecoins, cards, DeFi, and tokenization, while sharing unique insights into
Chainalysis' role in shaping the future of the Latam crypto ecosystem.

### Track 2: Astor Ballroom

1:00 - 1:45 pm

### Risk Insights: Advance Your Compliance and Risk Management Systems

Join us for the latest updates to our risk solutions, aimed at improving your
compliance and risk programs.

Join us for the latest updates to our risk solutions, aimed at improving your
compliance and risk programs. We will discuss how these updates can enhance
your ability to understand and manage risk, and facilitate efficient
collaboration with teams. Explore strategies for integrating these solutions
into your daily operations to streamline compliance processes as well.
Additionally, we will preview new capabilities our team is developing to
address the evolving needs of entity compliance and risk management.

2:00 - 2:45 pm

### Chainalysis Training: DeFi Fundamentals

This training will introduce fundamental DeFi concepts.

This training will introduce fundamental DeFi concepts. In this session, we’ll
cover a high-level overview of topics with an emphasis on technical mechanics
of known and adopted smart-contract enriched blockchains. This course will
cover existing financial products and the mechanics that differentiate
blockchain projects, including:

• Consensus mechanisms  
• Layer 1 vs. Layer 2 classification  
• Web3 protocols

This training is suitable for beginners.

**Speaker** : Damon Gergar, Chainalysis

3:15 - 4:00 pm

### Chainalysis x Sumsub Training: Global Compliance

Join trainers from Sumsub and Chainalysis to take a look at users’ compliance
journeys to understand how VASPs are mitigating risk across the crypto
ecosystem.

Join trainers from Sumsub and Chainalysis to take a look at users’ compliance
journeys to understand how VASPs are mitigating risk across the crypto
ecosystem. We will provide a view into geography trends for compliance and
policy, with an emphasis on transaction monitoring and effective
implementation of the travel rule standard.

4:15 - 5:00 pm

### Chainalysis Training: Human Trafficking

This training will center the intricate and devastating issue of human
trafficking, particularly in the context of pig butchering and crypto scams.

This training will center the intricate and devastating issue of human
trafficking, particularly in the context of pig butchering and crypto scams.
In this session, Chainalysis Training will delve into the identification of
major forced labor scam centers, pinpointing global hotspots, and elucidating
the recruitment processes employed within the human trafficking rings.

This is an intermediate training.

**Speaker** : Caleb Carroll, Chainalysis

### Track 3: Soho Complex

1:00 - 1:45 pm

### Ransomware in 2024: A Look at the Current Threat Landscape and Reasons to
be Hopeful

Ransomware payments exceeded $1 billion in 2023, hitting record high after
declining in 2022. This session brings together ransomware experts from across
the industry to share war stories, discuss the pros and cons of payments, and
share the role that crypto plays in these cases.

Ransomware payments exceeded $1 billion in 2023, hitting a record high after
declining in 2022. This session brings together ransomware experts from across
the industry to share war stories, discuss the pros and cons of payments, and
examine the role that crypto plays in these cases. Jackie Koven, Chainalysis
Head of Cyber Intelligence, sits down with Megan Stifel (Chief Strategy
Officer, Institute for Security and Technology), Sean Farrell (Lead Counsel,
Cybercrime Enforcement Team, Microsoft) and Andrew Davis (General Counsel &
Chief Risk Officer, Kivu Consulting) to discuss these topics and more.

2:00 - 2:45 pm

### The Intersection of AI and Crypto

We hear the buzz around AI constantly, but what is AI actually and how can AI
and blockchain be uniquely positioned to disrupt the market? What challenges
will harnessing AI technology bring? And what problems could it potentially
solve? Join this session to find out!

We hear the buzz around AI constantly, but what is AI actually and how can AI
and blockchain be uniquely positioned to disrupt the market? What challenges
will harnessing AI technology bring? And what problems could it potentially
solve? In this session, Chainalysis Head of Corporate Development Danielle
Davis will join Siren CEO John Randles, Chainalysis Chief Scientist Jacob
Illum, and Lucas Tcheyan, Research at Galaxy Digital, to share their views on
the potential power (and pitfalls) of AI and crypto for their companies and
the wider industry leveraging AI within their products.

3:15 - 4:00 pm

### Navigating High-Risk Waters: Best Practices in Sanctions Compliance in the
World of Crypto

Join Chainalysis Head of Sanctions Strategy Andrew Fierman as he sits down
with sanctions leaders from Fidelity, PayPal and Paxos to explore the cutting-
edge strategies they’re using to protect customers from sanctioned entities.

Join Chainalysis Head of Sanctions Strategy Andrew Fierman as he sits down
with sanctions leaders from Fidelity, PayPal and Paxos to explore the cutting-
edge strategies they’re using to protect customers from sanctioned entities.
In this session, you’ll discover best practices in sanctions compliance and
gain insights into how successful companies are implementing these measures.
Don't miss this opportunity to stay ahead in the rapidly-evolving landscape of
compliance and customer protection.

4:15 - 5:00 pm

### Crypto Security and the Companies Fighting Back

Join experts from three companies with a focus on security: Tmobile, Intel471,
and Cloudburst, as they sit down with Chainalysis Senior Intelligence Analyst
Brian Carter to share the security concerns on their radar as we move into
2024 and beyond.

Pig butchering, wallet drainers, High Yield Investment Programs (HIYPs)…these
are all types of malicious activity that threaten consumers in the crypto
ecosystem. Join experts from three companies with a focus on security:
Tmobile, Intel471, and Cloudburst, as they sit down with Chainalysis Senior
Intelligence Analyst Brian Carter to share the security concerns on their
radar as we move into 2024 and beyond.

![Close this modal.](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/themes/chainalysis/static/images/modal-close-icon.svg)

####

## Featured Speakers

We’ve invited leaders and experts from across the cryptocurrency industry to
speak at Chainalysis Links.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/caroline-
butler.jpg)

### Caroline Butler

Global Head of Digital Assets, BNY Mellon

As the Global Head of BNY Mellon’s Digital Asset business, Caroline Butler
leads all commercial digital assets initiatives globally for the Bank. With a
focus on delivering value to clients, Caroline is responsible for overseeing
the digital asset platform strategy, new product development and delivery, and
go-to-market efforts for all digital asset products and services across the
enterprise. Caroline also serves on BNY Mellon’s European bank board.

Previously, Caroline was Global Head of Custody Services for BNY Mellon, the
world’s largest custodian, and oversaw approximately $46 trillion in assets
under custody for a diverse set of global clients. She also led the
development of the industry’s first direct, digital asset custody platform for
traditional and digital assets from a global systemically important bank.

Caroline’s professional experience spans a range of investment services and
trading businesses, centered on running and transforming businesses with
expertise in equities, futures and options clearing and securities services.
Prior to BNY Mellon, she held leadership roles at J.P. Morgan, including head
of Global Custody Product for the Americas and Head of Global Clearing &
Collateral Management Product Development. A first-generation Irish with a
global leadership perspective, Caroline is currently based in New York and has
previously worked in Australia, Hong Kong, Singapore and Tokyo.

Caroline is the co-chair of the CFTC Global Markets Advisory Council’s Digital
Asset Markets Subcommittee, which is focused on identifying and assessing key
issues and policy proposals with respect to digital asset markets, including
digital finance and tokenization of assets, non-financial activities and Web3,
and blockchain technology. She also serves on the board of directors for
Access Fintech and the International Securities Services Association (ISSA).
Caroline holds an undergraduate degree from University of Galway and a post-
graduate degree from the Fitzwilliam Institute of Business, Ireland.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/ritchie-torres.jpg)

### Congressman Ritchie Torres

U.S. Representative, U.S. House of Representatives

Rep. Ritchie Torres is a fighter from the Bronx who has spent his entire life
working for the community he calls home. Like many in the Bronx, poverty and
struggle have never been abstractions to him. At 25, Ritchie became NYC’s
youngest elected official and the first openly LBGTQ person elected in the
Bronx. He represents New York’s 15th Congressional District and is a member of
the Financial Services Committee and serves as the Vice Chair of the Homeland
Security Committee.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/adrienne-
harris.jpg)

### Adrienne Harris

New York State Department of Financial Services (NYDFS)

Adrienne A. Harris was nominated to lead the New York State Department of
Financial Services (DFS) by Governor Kathy Hochul in August, 2021 and
confirmed by the New York State Senate on January 25, 2022.

Superintendent Harris began her career as an Associate at Sullivan & Cromwell
LLP in New York City representing a number of U.S. and non-U.S. based
corporations in various forms of litigation and regulatory matters, before
accepting a position at the United States Department of the Treasury under
President Obama.

While at the Treasury Department, Superintendent Harris served as a Senior
Advisor to both Acting Deputy Secretary and Under Secretary for Domestic
Finance Mary Miller, and Deputy Secretary Sarah Bloom Raskin. Her work ranged
from financial reform efforts to identifying solutions to the student loan
crisis, analyzing the nexus between foreign investment and national security,
and working to promote financial inclusion and health in communities
throughout the country.

Following her time at the Treasury Department, Superintendent Harris joined
The White House, where she was appointed as Special Assistant to the President
for Economic Policy, as part of the National Economic Council. In this role,
she managed the financial services portfolio, which included developing and
executing strategies for financial reform and the implementation of Dodd-
Frank, consumer protections for the American public, cybersecurity and housing
finance reform priorities.

After leaving the White House in January 2017, Superintendent Harris went on
to serve as General Counsel and Chief Business Officer at States Title, Inc.
(now DOMA), which provides a more simple and affordable closing experience for
homebuyers.

Prior to being nominated, she also served as a Professor and as Faculty Co-
Director at the Gerald R. Ford School of Public Policy’s Center on Finance,
Law and Policy at the University of Michigan, as well as a Senior Advisor at
the Brunswick Group in Washington, D.C.”

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/howard-lutnick.jpg)

### Howard Lutnick

Chairman and CEO, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P

Howard W. Lutnick is Chairman and CEO of Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P., one of the
world’s leading financial services firms; Chairman and CEO of global brokerage
and financial technology company BGC Group, Inc.; and Chairman of Newmark
Group, Inc., a world leader in commercial real estate services.

Mr. Lutnick joined Cantor Fitzgerald in 1983 and rose rapidly through the
ranks to be appointed President and CEO in 1991. Five years later he was named
Chairman. In 2004, Cantor Fitzgerald separated out its voice brokerage
business to create BGC Partners L.P. In 2008, Mr. Lutnick led the merger of
BGC and eSpeed, forming BGC Partners, Inc.

Following the tragic losses suffered on September 11, 2001, Mr. Lutnick
rebuilt the firm, as well as dedicated himself to supporting the survivors and
their families. In the days after the attack, he launched The Cantor
Fitzgerald Relief Fund, with a personal donation of $1 million, to provide aid
and relief to victims of natural disasters and other emergencies.

Since 9/11, Mr. Lutnick has been recognized as a symbol of resilience, and his
story has been widely covered by top financial publications. Mr. Lutnick was
named The Financial Times’ Person of the Year in 2001 and Ernst & Young’s
United States Entrepreneur of the Year in 2010. In 2023, Mr. Lutnick
celebrated his 40th anniversary at the Firm, making him one of the longest-
standing CEOs on Wall Street.

Mr. Lutnick is a member of the Board of Directors of the National September 11
Memorial & Museum; the Partnership for New York City; the Horace Mann School;
and the Board of Overseers of the Hoover Institution. Mr. Lutnick is a
recipient of the highest honor granted to non-military personnel by the Navy:
the Department of the Navy’s Distinguished Public Service Award.

Mr. Lutnick is a graduate of Haverford College and holds a degree in
economics.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/jason-lau.jpg)

### Jason Lau

Chief Innovation Officer, OK Group

Jason leads OK Group’s innovation efforts, and is responsible for identifying
new business opportunities, developing new products and services, and
exploring new markets in the rapidly-evolving crypto industry. Prior to
joining the Web3 industry in 2016, Jason worked at Barclays Capital and cfX
Incorporated. He holds an MBA from New York University’s Stern School of
Business.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/geoff-white.jpg)

### Geoff White

Author, _The Lazarus Heist_

From billion-dollar cyber heists to global money laundering rings and crypto-
gangsters – Geoff White has covered it all. As an author, speaker,
investigative journalist and podcast creator, his work’s been featured by BBC
News, Audible, Sky News, The Sunday Times and many more. He has given keynote
talks for some of the world’s biggest brands, including Microsoft, HSBC,
Mastercard, Atos, Orange and Bank of America. His latest book, The Lazarus
Heist – From Hollywood to High Finance: Inside North Korea’s Global Cyber War
was adapted from the hit BBC podcast and published in June 2022. His next
book, Rinsed, will reveal technology’s impact on the world of money
laundering.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/dimitri-
michaloutsos.jpg)

### Dimitri Michaloutsos

Sanctions Compliance Program Manager, Paxos

Dimitri Michaloutsos is a financial Crimes professional, and sanctions subject
matter expert with experience in both traditional financial institutions,
including JPMorgan and MUFG, as well as within the FinTech sector with Paxos.
Contributed comprehensive knowledge in, and oversight over sanctions advisory
and blockchain monitoring departments, ensuring compliance with regulatory
requirements and effectively managing trade based, and payments related
sanctions risks.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/cj-rinaldi.jpg)

### CJ Rinaldi

Chief Compliance Officer, Kraken

CJ is Chief Compliance Officer at Kraken overseeing all aspects of global
compliance. He has held many prominent roles in his career. CJ was previously
Chief Compliance Officer at Blockchain.com, where he was tasked with building
out global compliance frameworks and mitigating compliance risk. Prior to
that, CJ had several roles at Deutsche Bank, including Head of Business Line
Anti-Financial Crime – Investment Bank, as well as Chief Compliance Officer
for its swap dealer and US broker dealer. CJ also worked at UBS Investment
Bank in multiple roles, including as Global Head of Client Infrastructure. He
also served as Manager of Counterparty Relations at Bridgewater Associates,
and as Senior Counsel in the Enforcement Division of the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/christopher-
goforth.jpg)

### Christopher Goforth

Director, Digital Assets, Financial Crimes Analytics, Fidelity

Chris leads digital asset efforts for the Financial Crimes Analytics Team at
Fidelity, where he is responsible for the design, development and maintenance
of AML and trade surveillance models in this space. He works closely with
business partners in Compliance, Risk, Technology, and Investigations to build
solutions that enhance the firm’s monitoring programs. Chris has been with
Fidelity for 15 years and is a subject matter expert concerning the analysis
and investigation of digital asset transactions.

Prior to his current role, he served as Lead Analyst on the Financial Crimes
Surveillance Team, performing investigations on potentially suspicious
activity across the company, specializing in activity involving crypto assets.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/mike-aleman.jpg)

### Michael Aleman

Head of Financial Crime Innovation, PayPal

Mike Aleman is the head of the Financial Crime Innovation team within PayPal’s
Global Financial Crime & Customer Protection (GFC&CP) organization. In this
role, he supports PayPal’s initiatives in blockchain and digital currencies
from a financial crime perspective, oversees the Enterprise Know-Your-Customer
policy teams, and is responsible for the Enterprise-Wide AML & Sanctions Risk
Assessment program. Prior to this role, Mike was the head of the GFC Analytics
team, responsible for PayPal’s BSA/AML transaction monitoring program. Before
PayPal, Mike spent ten years in American Express’ Financial Intelligence Unit.
A Texas native, Mike lives in Manhattan with his wife and two children.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/jessica-peck.jpg)

### Jessica Peck

Senior Counsel, US Department of Justice

Jessica Peck is an attorney for the U.S. Department of Justice. She joined the
Department in 2020 as a member of the Criminal Division’s Computer Crime and
Intellectual Property Section (CCIPS). As an attorney for CCIPS, she partners
with other federal prosecutors from around the U.S. to investigate the actors
behind cryptocurrency-related hacks/thefts, ransomware deployments, and
darknet markets. Over the last three years, she has been part of a team
focused on the disruption of North Korea’s cryptocurrency-related revenue
generation. Ms. Peck is also CCIPS’s subject matter expert on automotive
forensics and the acquisition of telematics data from third-party providers
and is the head of the U.S. delegation for the G7’s High-Tech Crime Subgroup.
Since June 2023, she has been working as Senior Counsel to the Assistant
Attorney General of the Criminal Division, focusing on cyber, money
laundering, and cryptocurrency-related issues. Prior to joining the
Department, Ms. Peck worked in the Cybercrime and Identity Theft Bureau of the
Manhattan District Attorney’s Office, where she directed complex, multi-agency
investigations into, among other things, cryptocurrency thefts, bank fraud,
and business email compromises.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/patrick-wyman.jpg)

### Patrick Wyman

Unit Chief, FBI

Patrick Wyman currently serves as the Unit Chief of the FBI’s Virtual Assets
Unit, overseeing the multitude of case enhancing services and support programs
offered to the field and our law enforcement partners associated with the
illicit use of virtual assets.

Mr. Wyman entered on duty with the FBI in January 2009 and his career has
focused primarily on a variety of white-collar criminal matters, including
bank fraud, wire and mail fraud, embezzlement, and money laundering.
Throughout his career, Mr. Wyman spearheaded the FBI’s Virtual Currency
Initiative out of the Criminal Investigations Division – Money Laundering
Unit; served on a Joint Duty Assignment to the Office of the Director of
National Intelligence, Office of the Inspector General of the Intelligence
Community; led the Corporate Fraud squad and served as the Financial Crimes
Program Coordinator for the Washington Field Office; and served as a certified
crisis negotiator. Mr. Wyman earned a degree in Finance from James Madison
University and was Police Officer with the Fairfax County  
Police Department.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/megan-stifel.jpg)

### Megan Stifel

Chief Strategy Officer, Institute for Security and Technology

Megan Stifel is the Chief Strategy Officer at the Institute for Security and
Technology, where she helps lead the organization’s work under the Future of
Digital Security pillar, including serving as Executive Director of the
Ransomware Task Force. Megan previously served as Global Policy Officer at the
Global Cyber Alliance and as the Cybersecurity Policy Director at Public
Knowledge. She is a Visiting Fellow at the National Security Institute.
Megan’s prior government experience includes serving as a Director for
International Cyber Policy at the National Security Council. Prior to the NSC,
Ms. Stifel served in the U.S. Department of Justice as Director for Cyber
Policy in the National Security Division and as counsel in the Criminal
Division’s Computer Crime and Intellectual Property Section. Before law
school, Ms. Stifel worked for the U.S. House of Representatives Permanent
Select Committee on Intelligence. She received a Juris Doctorate from Indiana
University and a Bachelor of Arts, magna cum laude, from the University of
Notre Dame. She is a member of the Aspen Global Leadership Network as a
Liberty Fellow.

Megan has testified before Congress; been featured on NPR, BBC, and the PBS
NewsHour; published in The Hill and VentureBeat; and quoted in the Washington
Post, The Wall Street Journal, Rolling Stone, and Politico, among other
publications.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/chris-wong.jpg)

### Chris Wong

Supervisory Special Agent (SSA), FBI

Supervisory Special Agent (SSA) Christopher Wong has worked for the Federal
Bureau of Investigation (FBI) for nine years, supporting many of the FBI’s
most successful cryptocurrency cases. SSA Wong currently works in the FBI’s
Virtual Assets Unit (VAU), spearheading efforts to reduce illicit activity in
the cryptocurrency ecosystem. He has provided impactful, strategic support to
counter North Korea’s illicit revenue generation through cryptocurrency-
related crime. He has also investigated many other largescale cryptocurrency
thefts. He regularly travels around the world to train law enforcement (LE),
prosecutors, and judges from dozens of countries, building strategic
relationships and the global LE community’s ability to combat cryptocurrency
crime. Before joining VAU, SSA Wong worked as a Special Agent in FBI’s Chicago
Division where he worked on cases related to intellectual property (IP) and
China’s use of nation state actors to acquire IP. His efforts have resulted in
the indictment and designation of a number of North Koreans and key enablers
supporting North Korea’s illicit revenue generation. SSA Wong was the FBI’s
lead agent on the joint investigation that culminated in the arrest and
successful prosecution of the individuals responsible for the 2016 Bitfinex
heist.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/guy-ficco-1.jpg)

### Guy Ficco

Deputy Chief, IRS-CI

Guy Ficco is the Deputy Chief of IRS Criminal Investigation. He is responsible
for overseeing a worldwide staff of 3,200 CI employees, including
approximately 2,100 special agents in 20 Field Offices and 11 foreign
countries, who investigate crimes involving tax, money laundering, public
corruption, cyber, ID theft, narcotics and terrorist-financing.

Prior to his selection as Deputy Chief, Guy was the Executive Director of
Global Operations, Policy and Support where he oversaw the agency’s
international footprint as well as much of IRS CI’s policies as they relate to
investigations. Guy previously served as the Special Agent in Charge of the
Philadelphia Field Office from April 2018 to March 2020.

Guy has a Bachelor of Business Administration Degree with a concentration in
Accounting from Dominican College in New York. He is a Certified Fraud
Examiner and joined IRS Criminal Investigation in 1995.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mike-prado.jpg)

### Mike Prado

Deputy Assistant Director, HSI Cyber Crimes Center (C3)

Mike Prado is a member of the Senior Executive Service and serves as the
Deputy Assistant Director for Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), where he
leads its Cyber Crimes Center (C3). At C3, he leads a federal law enforcement
workforce utilizing cutting-edge technology and 21st century investigative
techniques to combat cyber and cyber-facilitated transnational criminal
activity. C3 provides investigative, technical, and resource support to all
HSI domestic and international field offices, in support of a broad spectrum
of cyber investigations, including online child sexual exploitation and abuse,
network intrusion, and illicit activity on the dark web, to include narcotics
and weapons trafficking. C3 also oversees HSI’s Computer Forensic program and
maintains programmatic oversight and coordination of all cyber training,
outreach, and specialized solutions to counter illicit use of technologies.
Prior to his current assignment, Mr. Prado was the Deputy Special Agent in
Charge of HSI Charlotte and the Carolinas. He has also served as the Chief of
Staff and Deputy Chief of Staff for the Deputy Director and Director of ICE,
respectively and has also served as the Assistant Special Agent in Charge for
the HSI Washington DC field office and Division Chief of C3. Mr. Prado has
held additional positions throughout his career, including a fellowship with
the International Association of Chiefs of Police as HSI’s liaison to state
and local law enforcement, congressional liaison, Chief of Domestic
Operations, Resident Agent in Charge of the California Central Valley, and
Group Supervisor of HSI Bakersfield and HSI Fresno. Mr. Prado has over 25
years of local and federal law enforcement experience and holds a Bachelor of
Arts degree in History from Sonoma State University.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/maredith-
hannon.jpg)

### Maredith Hannon

​Head of Business Development, Digital Assets, Wisdom Tree

Maredith Hannon joined WisdomTree in May 2022 and is the Head of Business
Development for Digital Assets. In this role, she is responsible for leading
business development and partnerships for WisdomTree’s digital assets
division, including WisdomTree Prime.

Prior to joining WisdomTree, Maredith was an Executive Director at Morgan
Stanley, Head of Business Development and Strategy for the Outsourced Chief
Investment Office (OCIO). In this role, she was responsible for sales and
operations across business development, marketing, strategic initiatives, and
business management. OCIO’s client base included institutional clients,
including family offices, ultra-high net worth clients, defined contribution
and defined benefit plans, nonprofits, and corporations, both domestic and
international. Maredith began her career at Bank of America Merrill Lynch
where she worked across product, sales, and strategy roles before becoming
Director, Head of Sales Performance and Strategy for their Workplace Financial
Solutions business, which focused on delivering wealth management solutions to
institutional clients and their employees.

Maredith graduated Cum Laude with a Bachelor of Arts degree from Georgetown
University. She serves as Vice President of WisdomTree Securities and is
Series 7, 66 and 24 registered.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/kara-calvert.jpg)

### Kara Calvert

Head of US Policy, Coinbase

Kara Calvert has been at the intersection of public policy and the innovation
industry for over 20 years. She is currently the Head of US Policy for
Coinbase, the largest crypto exchange in the United States, and works with
lawmakers, regulators, and the crypto community across the country to advocate
for sensible crypto policy.

Kara began her career in Washington working for U.S. Senator Mike Enzi (R-WY).
Most recently, she was a partner at the Franklin Square team, where she
represented the world’s most innovative and impactful technology companies for
13 years. Prior to her time at the Franklin Square Group, Kara worked for the
Information Technology Industry Council.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/sherri-arp.jpg)

### Sherri Arp

Deputy Director, Cyber and Forensic Services, IRS-CI

Sherri is the Deputy Director in IRS-Criminal Investigation’s Cyber and
Forensic Services. She oversees domestic and international programs related to
cybercrimes, digital forensics, and traditional forensic methods. Sherri has
over 20 years of federal law enforcement experience, with IRS-Criminal
Investigation, investigating and overseeing financial crimes involving tax
fraud, money laundering and Bank Secrecy Act violations.

Sherri had direct oversight of cryptocurrency and cybercrime investigations to
include the takedown of the largest darknet child exploitation website funded
by cryptocurrency; two Chinese nationals who were charged with laundering $100
million in the hack of a cryptocurrency exchange; and the dismantling of two
large cryptocurrency mixers, among other investigations. She also led the
expansion of the cybercrimes undercover program.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/adam-maltz.jpg)

### Adam Maltz

Deputy Bureau Chief, Cybercrime and Identity Theft Bureau, NY County District
Attorney’s Office

Adam Maltz is a Deputy Bureau Chief in the Cybercrime and Identity Theft
Bureau of the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office, where he oversees the
prosecution of individuals and entities engaged in sophisticated cybercrime,
including money laundering, SIM swapping, fraud, and dark-web and
cryptocurrency related criminal activity. Adam has also investigated and
prosecuted cases involving environmental crime, organized crime, terrorism,
larceny, Ponzi schemes, forgeries, extortion, tax crimes, and public
corruption. Adam was the lead prosecutor of the case that resulted in New York
State’s first conviction for the laundering of cryptocurrency, and the case
that resulted in the largest seizure of elephant ivory in the history of New
York State. Adam has presented to banks, regulators, NGO’s, and law
enforcement on money laundering, cryptocurrency, dark-web investigations, and
transnational wildlife crime.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/alma-angotti.jpg)

### Alma Angotti

Partner, Guidehouse

“Alma Angotti is a Partner in the Financial Crime, Fraud, and Investigative
Services practice. Ms. Angotti is a  
recognized expert in anti-money laundering (AML), combatting the financing of
terrorism (CFT) and economic sanctions compliance. She has counselled her
clients in a variety of projects, and managed gap analyses, compliance program
reviews, risk assessments, remediation efforts, investigations, and historical
transaction reviews. Her clients include large, complex, global financial
institutions, global payments institutions, mid-sized banks, broker-dealers,
and Fintech and digital assets companies, hedge funds, casinos, and
multinational corporations.

She has held interim senior compliance leadership positions at several global
and regional financial institutions providing day-to-day management of their
compliance programs and assisting them with remediation efforts, often in the
context of a regulatory or criminal enforcement action. She has trained and
advised the financial services industry and regulators and government
officials worldwide on AML, sanctions, CFT and other regulatory compliance
issues.

With over 25 years of experience in regulation and enforcement, Alma has held
senior enforcement positions at the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(SEC), U.S. Department of the Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network
(FinCEN) and FINRA (Financial Industry Regulatory Authority). In these
positions, she was responsible for investigations and enforcement of the Bank
Secrecy Act, the federal securities laws, and FINRA rules. At FinCEN and
FINRA, she designed and lead the AML enforcement programs.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/dan-roseman.jpg)

### Dan Roseman

AML Compliance Officer, Robinhood

Dan began his career in crypto compliance at Coinbase in 2013, where he was
employee #12. After helping the Coinbase team build a world-class compliance
program from the ground up, he moved across the country to help bring Circle’s
newly-acquired crypto exchange Poloniex into compliance. After Poloniex was
sold to investors, Dan went from Circle to Square (now known as Block) where
he led a large team of crypto compliance investigators on the CashApp product.
Currently, Dan is the AML Compliance Officer for Robinhood Crypto, where he
has helped the team safely launch new products, including Crypto Transfers
(blockchain access), Robinhood Connect, and the Robinhood Noncustodial Wallet.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/matthew-hogan.jpg)

### Matthew Hogan

Detective, Connecticut State Police

Matt brings over 15 years of law enforcement experience currently serving as a
detective with the Connecticut State Police Eastern District Major Crime
Squad. Matt is a task force officer for the USSS Financial Crime Task Force in
New Haven, part of the DOJ’s SAR review team, and a sector Chief for the FBI’s
InfraGard Financial Services sector. Matt also co-founded the Connecticut
State Police Cryptocurrency Working Group. He holds a master’s degree in
financial crime investigations from the University of New Haven. His
specialized certifications include Anti-Money Laundering Specialist (CAMS)
where he also sits on the CT Chapter board, Economic Crime Forensic Examiner
(NW3C), and cryptocurrency investigations credentials from Chainalysis, TRM
Labs and Blockchain Intelligence Group.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/michael-
grabowski.jpg)

### Michael Grabowski

Detective, Connecticut State Police

Michael Grabowski has served with the Connecticut State Police since June
2012. He has held assignments as a patrol Trooper and as a detective in both
the Major Crime Squad and, currently, the Bureau of Special Investigations –
Statewide Organized Crime Investigative Task Force. In this role he focuses on
racketeering, illegal gambling, human trafficking, public corruption, and
white collar crimes. He has been involved with digital currency investigations
since January 2022 and helped to co-found the Cryptocurrency Working Group
within the Connecticut State Police. As part of the working group, he
investigates fraud and money laundering crimes involving cryptocurrency and
other digital assets. Det. Grabowski is also assigned as a Task Force Officer
with the Federal Bureau of Investigation, focusing on white collar and fraud
investigations.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/valerie-leila-
jaber.jpg)

### Valerie-Leila Jaber

Global Head of Financial Crime Compliance, Coinbase

Valerie joined Coinbase in July 2020 as Global Head of Financial Crime
Compliance. Prior to Coinbase, Valerie spent the majority of her career in
traditional finance, focusing on anti-money laundering, terrorist financing,
sanctions, and anti-bribery and corruption in both Compliance and Legal roles.
She was most recently at Credit Suisse as Managing Director and Head of
Financial Crime Compliance for the Americas Region. Prior to joining CS,
Valerie was the Global Head of Financial Crime Compliance for the Asset
Management sector at JPMorgan Chase. Previous to JPM, Valerie was the Head of
Financial Crime Compliance for Barclays Wealth & Investment Management based
in London. She joined Barclays after serving 10 years at Citi in New York
where she held various roles in Legal and Compliance, including Deputy General
Counsel for AML for Global Wealth Management, and also later supported the
institutional and investment banking business. Prior to joining Citi, Valerie
held positions in the Enforcement Division of NASDR and as a litigation
attorney with two US law firms. Valerie also spent six years as an Adjunct
Professor at Fordham Law School. Valerie holds a Bachelor of Arts in Political
Science from Fordham University and received her law degree from Fordham Law
School. Valerie recently co-authored AML for a Blockchain Age for the Journal
of Financial Compliance (Winter 2023, Volume VII, 2).

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/david-stuart.jpg)

### David Stuart

Chief of the Counterterrorism Unit, Manhattan District Attorney's Office

David has been a prosecutor for the past seventeen years. In his current
position, David supervises the office’s counterterrorism and ghost-gun
investigations and prosecutions. David successfully tried the case against
Shaikh Abdullah Faisal, a Jamaica-based Islamic extremist, who provided
recruitment services to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS); and most
recently, the case against Victoria Jacobs, the first terrorism financing and
crypto-currency laundering case brought under New York State’s anti-terrorism
laws. David has also served in the office’s Rackets Bureau, Sex Crimes Unit,
and Trial Division, where among other trials, he successfully tried three
long-term Enterprise Corruption and wire-tap cases, including one case
charging high-ranking members of the Bonanno Organized Crime Family.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/corey-monaghan.jpg)

### Corey Monaghan

Special Agent Supervisor, Florida Department of Law Enforcement

Special Agent Supervisor (SAS) Corey Monaghan of the Florida Department of Law
Enforcement (FDLE) is assigned to the Tampa Bay Regional Operations Center
(TBROC), Cyber Squad. SAS Monaghan has been investigating cybercrimes since
2008, and has been a sworn law enforcement officer since 2001. SAS Monaghan’s
investigative expertise includes computer network intrusions, denial of
services, insider threats, cyber fraud, and online child sexual exploitation
cases. The TBROC Cyber Squad consists of a Digital Forensic Consultant,
Special Agents that focus on network intrusion and internet crimes against
children investigations; as well as a team of analysts that investigate cyber
fraud.

SAS Monaghan has a Bachelor’s Degree in Criminology from Florida State
University, and a Master’s Degree in Criminal Justice from New Charter
University. SAS Monaghan holds four separate certifications from the Global
Information Assurance Certification program. SAS Monaghan is also a Certified
Forensic Computer Examiner (CFCE) from the International Association of
Computer Investigative Specialists. He has been recognized in State and
Federal Court as an expert in computer forensics, and teaches computer
forensic techniques to law enforcement in the United States and
internationally.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/jorge-hurtado.jpg)

### Jorge Hurtado

Director of Intelligence Solutions, Global Government, Intel471

Jorge Hurtado is Director of Intelligence Solutions, Global Government for
Intel 471. With over a decade of experience in cyber security, Jorge earned
his degrees in Electrical Engineering in United States & Germany. Prior to
Intel 471, Jorge held cyber security systems engineering, project management
and consulting positions with Crowdstrike, Forcepoint (formerly known as
Websense), SCP Solar and the University of Texas. Jorge currently lives in
Austin, Texas.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/nelson-rivera.jpg)

### Nelson Rivera

Senior Manager, Cyber Threat Intelligence, T-Mobile

Nelson Rivera currently serves as the Senior Manager for T-Mobile’s Cyber
Threat Intelligence team. Prior to this role, he worked as a Senior Cyber
Investigator and program manager for the Insider Threat Team.

His career spans both military and federal law enforcement sectors, with 14
years as a commissioned officer and 10 years as a Federal Agent.

Nelson earned a degree in Biology from the University of Puerto Rico,
Mayaguez. This diverse educational background informs his approach to
cybersecurity, allowing him to apply scientific inquiry and critical thinking
in his work.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/michael-firing.jpg)

### Michael Firing

Assistant Director, Field Operations, Center for Intelligence, Targeting, and
Enforcement (CITE), Customs and Border Protection (CBP)

Michael Firing is the Assistant Director, Field Operations, Center for
Intelligence, Targeting, and Enforcement (CITE), for the U.S. Customs and
Border Protection’s (CBP) New York Field Office (NYFO). He directs the
activities of the Field Office’s intelligence enterprise throughout an area of
responsibility that spans New York and New Jersey.

Mr. Firing began his federal career in 2002 with the United States Customs
Service. Since then, he has held several leadership roles. His career
advancement accelerated in 2015 when he was detailed to the Enforcement
Programs Division at CBP Headquarters. In this role, he provided  
admissibility guidance to CBP field personnel on new and existing policies and
programs. In October of 2015, he became the Deputy Chief Officer for
Enforcement Operations at the Port of New York/Newark where he developed the
port’s criminal prosecution program. After two years as the Deputy Chief
Officer, Mr. Firing was promoted to the position of Branch Chief of Passenger
Operations at the Port of New York/Newark where he directed the daily
operation of over 160 employees from the Tactical Terrorism Response Team,
Passenger Analytical Unit, Anti-Terrorism Contraband Enforcement Team,
Passenger Agriculture Operations, and the Outbound Enforcement Team. In 2019
he was selected as the Acting Assistant Director of the Border Security
Division, in the New York Field Office, supporting the Agency’s national
security mission, as well as developing programs to combat illicit trade and
travel. From 2020-2021 he was the Branch Chief of the Intelligence and
Analysis Branch, within the Tactical Operations Division, where he sought
innovative means to build the port’s intelligence program resulting in more
effective and efficient examinations and inspections.

Most recently, Mr. Firing was chosen to represent the Office of Field
Operations, within the DHS Office of Strategy, Policy and Plans, Transnational
Organized Crime and Border Security Policy, as a Senior Policy Advisor,
supporting the Department’s Counter – Transnational Organized Crime mission.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/talia-klein.jpg)

### Talia Klein

Product Lead, Digital Assets Business, BNY Mellon

Talia Klein is the Product Lead for the Digital Assets Business at BNY Mellon,
where she is responsible for defining client-centric solutions across the
enterprise. Prior to her current role, Talia led Commercial Product for
digital asset custody at BNY Mellon. This platform was the first digital asset
custody capability to be launched by a global systemically important bank. She
joined the firm from Digital Asset Holdings where Talia supported the
fintech’s efforts in bringing blockchain and smart contract technology to some
of the largest financial institutions in the world, including the Broadridge
Distributed Ledger Repo platform.

Talia began her career at JPMorgan Chase in a variety of roles designing and
developing products, including the enterprise collateral eligibility service.
She holds a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology from Barnard College at Columbia
University and an MBA from Duke University’s Fuqua School of Business. She is
proud to be named as an inventor on one approved and one pending patent
application.”

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/noah-perlman.jpg)

### Noah Perlman

Global Chief Compliance Officer, Binance

Noah Perlman is the Global Chief Compliance Officer at Binance, where he has
been since January 2023. Before Binance, he worked at Gemini, first as CCO and
then as Chief Operating Officer. Noah also served as President and CEO of the
Gemini Trust Company, LLC, a New York trust company regulated by the New York
State Department of Financial Services. Before starting in crypto, he was a
Managing Director and the Global Head of Financial Crimes at Morgan Stanley,
where he had legal and compliance responsibility for the Firm’s Anti-Money
Laundering, Sanctions, Anti-Boycott, Anti-Corruption and Government and
Political Activities programs.

Earlier in his career, Noah was the Division Counsel for the United States
Drug Enforcement Administration’s New York Division. Prior to his stint with
DEA, he was an Assistant United States Attorney for the Eastern District of
New York where he held several supervisory posts including Special Coordinator
for Crimes against Children and Deputy Chief of the Narcotics Section.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/luz-del-valle.jpg)

### Luz del Valle

Chief Risk Officer, FV Bank

Luz del Valle has 22 years of deep expertise in bank operations, compliance,
risk, and executive management. She held a long-standing position as Principal
Examiner – Subject Matter Expert in Compliance and Information Technology at
the Puerto Rico Office of the Commissioner of Financial Institutions. She
plays a key role in overseeing FV Bank’s risk management team and regulatory
compliance. Previously, she served as the Chief Compliance and Accounting
Officer at Encanto Group, as the Chief Compliance Officer at Stern
International Bank and Compliance Officer at Advantage Bank.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/edward-burns.jpg)

### Edward Burns

Assistant District Attorney, Manhattan District Attorney's Office

Edward has been a prosecutor at the Manhattan District Attorney’s Office for
the past 18 years. In his current role as Senior Investigative Counsel, he has
investigated and prosecuted matters involving international and domestic
terrorism, money laundering, organized crime and large scale fraud. He, along
with Chief of the Terrorism Unit David Stuart, successfully tried the first
crypto currency terrorist financing case in New York State, People v. Victoria
Jacobs. Prior to joining the Rackets Bureau, Edward was a bureau chief for the
Office of the Special Narcotics Prosecutor, where he supervised and handled
long term wire-tap investigations and trials into matters involving narcotics
trafficking throughout New York City, international money laundering and
firearms trafficking.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/sean-farrell.jpg)

### Sean Farell

Lead Counsel, Cybercrime Enforcement Team, Microsoft

Sean Farrell is lead counsel for the Cybercrime Enforcement Team at
Microsoft’s Digital Crimes Unit. Sean’s team uses innovative technical and
legal tools to disrupt cybercriminals globally. Prior to joining Microsoft,
Sean led investigative teams combatting fraud and other criminal activity
against Amazon and Amazon Web Services. Sean began his career as a
Presidential Management Fellow with the FBI’s Counterterrorism Division, and
later transitioned to the Office of the General Counsel where he founded and
led the Cyber Law Unit. Sean is a graduate of the College of William and Mary
and Penn State- Dickinson School of Law.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/miles-fuller.jpg)

### Miles Fuller

Director of Government Solutions, TaxBit

Miles Fuller is the Director of Government Solutions at TaxBit. He oversees
the execution of TaxBit’s work assisting government agencies with
understanding the digital asset ecosystem and conducting tax calculations
related to digital assets. Miles is an attorney and an expert on digital asset
taxation and tax procedure. Miles previously spent over 15 years working as an
attorney for the IRS. In that role, Miles provided the IRS with advice on
examination and collection matters, and represented the IRS in court. Miles
conducted trials involving a variety of tax issues ranging from financial
products and retirement accounts to complex abusive tax schemes. He has
extensive experience with tax litigation and tax procedure.

Miles spent his last three years as counsel to the IRS as a leading expert on
digital asset tax issues, including the tax treatment of digital assets,
examination techniques, information gathering, data interpretation, and tax
calculations.

Miles’ extensive knowledge of digital asset taxation and tax procedure helps
TaxBit continuously refine its products to maintain its role as a leading
software company in the area of digital asset taxation, accounting, and
information reporting.”

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/marta-belcher.jpg)

### Marta Belcher

President and Chair, Filecoin Foundation

Marta Belcher is president and chair of Filecoin Foundation as well as the
Filecoin Foundation for the Decentralized Web, and general counsel and head of
policy at Protocol Labs. She is also special counsel to the Electronic
Frontier Foundation. Marta serves on the Boards of the Zcash Foundation and
the Blockchain Association and is a member of Paradigm’s Crypto Policy
Council. Marta is a pioneer in cryptocurrency law and policy and has testified
in U.S. Congress and state legislatures as well as speaking in European
Parliament. Marta has been recognized by the Financial Times Innovative Lawyer
awards, by Law360’s list of Top Attorneys Under 40, by CryptoWeekly’s list of
Most Influential Women in Crypto, and as Business Intelligence Group’s Woman
of the Year.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/jason-conboy.jpg)

### Jason Conboy

Special Agent - Cyber Investigations Liaison, Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI)

Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) Special Agent (SA) Jason Conboy began
his law enforcement career with HSI in 2007 and was assigned to Miami, FL
tasked with investigating cross border narcotics smuggling. His current
position is a Cyber Investigations Liaison assigned to HSI Ottawa, Canada at
the U.S. Embassy. He is also embedded with the Royal Canadian Mounted Police
National Cyber Crime Coordination Center. His portfolio includes supporting
criminal investigations for transnational cyber crime to include but not
limited to network intrusion, ransomware, and the sale of illicit network
access. Before joining HSI Ottawa in August 2021, SA Jason Conboy was assigned
to the HSI Cyber Crimes Center (C3), Network Intrusion Section, in Fairfax, VA
where he was tasked with building out the tools, technology, and training for
cyber investigations. These investigations include dark net, cryptocurrency,
cyber/network intrusions, and ransomware. While assigned to HSI C3, SA Jason
Conboy led the HSI national and international cyber COVID-19 operation which
targeted cyber criminals and the technology used to exploit the pandemic to
commit cyber enabled fraud and malicious cyber-attacks. From 2012 – 2019, SA
Jason Conboy was assigned to HSI Hendersonville, North Carolina field office
where he led numerous successfully cyber investigations that targeted
international child exploitation organizations, dark net criminals, and money
launderers using cryptocurrency to evade law enforcement. SA Jason Conboy has
over 12 years of experience working cyber investigations and shares his
experience and knowledge by training law enforcement in the United States and
around the world. SA Jason Conboy holds a Criminal Justice degree from the
University of Central Florida and multiple industry standard certifications
and advanced trainings for cybersecurity, cryptocurrency, and cyber
investigations.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/geoffrey-
gordon.jpg)

### Geoffrey Gordon

Special Agent, Homeland Security Investigations (HSI)

HSI Special Agent Geoffrey Gordon has over 18 years’ experience in federal law
enforcement and is presently assigned to HSI Philadelphia’s Cyber Crime
Investigations Task Force. SA Gordon started his law enforcement career in New
York City, was part of HSI’s HIDTA Money Laundering Initiative in Philadelphia
for almost a decade and served as an HSI Representative at the U.S. Embassy in
France for three years.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/robert-silvers.jpg)

### Robert Silvers

Under Secretary for Strategy, Policy, and Plans, Department of Homeland
Security (DHS)

Robert Silvers was confirmed by the Senate as the Under Secretary for
Strategy, Policy, and Plans on August 5, 2021. He is responsible for driving
policy and implementation plans across all of DHS’s missions, including
counterterrorism; cybersecurity, infrastructure security, and resilience;
border security and immigration; international affairs; and trade and economic
security. Mr. Silvers also Chairs the Forced Labor Enforcement Task Force, the
Cyber Safety Review Board, and oversees the Supply Chain Resilience Center.

Mr. Silvers previously served in the Department of Homeland Security during
the Obama-Biden Administration as Assistant Secretary for Cyber Policy. In
that role he oversaw private sector engagement, federal government incident
response, and diplomatic outreach pertaining to cybersecurity and emerging
technology. Mr. Silvers also previously served as DHS’s Deputy Chief of Staff,
managing execution of policy and operational priorities across the entire
Department. Prior to his appointment, Mr. Silvers was a partner at the law
firm Paul Hastings LLP, where his practice focused on cybersecurity and data
privacy, government security review of foreign investments, and investigations
and litigation at the intersection of law and national security. After
graduating law school, he clerked for Judge Kim McLane Wardlaw of the U.S.
Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. Mr. Silvers holds a J.D. from New York
University School of Law and a B.A. from the University of Pennsylvania. He
taught as an adjunct professor in the M.S. in Cybersecurity Risk and Strategy
Program co-offered by the NYU Law School and NYU Tandon School of Engineering.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/dean-skurka.jpg)

### Dean Skurka

President and CEO, WonderFi

Dean Skurka is currently the President and CEO at WonderFi. Mr. Skurka joined
WonderFi in March 2022, following its acquisition of Bitbuy, where Mr. Skurka
served as the President and Chief Financial Officer. Joining Bitbuy in 2018,
Mr. Skurka led all finance, compliance and regulatory strategy, development,
and implementation and all M&A transactions.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/john-randles.jpg)

### John Randles

CEO, Siren

John Randles joined Siren as CEO in 2017. John has been in the Global Data
Management space for over twenty years. John played a leading role in a number
of well-known business success stories such as CTO of Eontec, acquired by
Siebel in 2004, and as CEO of Polarlake, acquired by Bloomberg in 2012. John
spent five years as CEO of Polarlake for Bloomberg after the acquisition. John
has a degree in Computer Engineering from the University of Limerick in
Ireland.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/varun-kumar.jpg)

### Varun Kumar

CEO and Co-Founder, Hashflow

Varun Kumar is the Chief Executive Officer and Co-Founder of Hashflow, a
leading decentralized exchange. Prior to pursuing his crypto journey, Varun
has worked as an aerospace engineer for the German Aerospace Center and NASA.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/dan-heesemann.jpg)

### Dan Heesemann

Intelligence Research Specialist, NYPD

Dan Heesemann serves as an Intelligence Research Specialist with the NYPD
Intelligence and Counterterrorism Bureau (ICB), where he leads a team
providing analytical support to field-based NYPD detectives and federal
partners investigating international terrorism, firearms, and other

crimes. Dan began managing the ICB’s financial investigations efforts in 2020,
prioritizing analyst- driven cases involving fiat and cryptocurrency use in
illicit activities. A native New Yorker (and perpetually-suffering Mets fan),
Dan earned a B.A. in Sociology from The Catholic University of America in
Washington, D.C., and is currently pursuing a M.A. in International Affairs
from King’s College London.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/thom-hook.jpg)

### Thom Hook

Global Chief Compliance Officer, MoonPay

Thom is a seasoned attorney and compliance professional with a specialization
in Anti-Money Laundering (AML) and sanctions compliance. His background
includes serving as the US Chief Compliance Officer of Bitstamp, where he
oversaw the US and ROW businesses. Prior to this, he held compliance
leadership roles at companies at American Express, KPMG, Pegasystems, Circle
Internet Financial Inc., and Bluesnap.

As a Certified Anti-Money Laundering Specialist through ACAMs, Thom is known
for his adept problem-solving and business-centric approach to compliance,
ensuring that regulatory standards are met while fostering business growth.
His collaborative work with product and engineering teams at Pega led to the
development of regulatory compliance software solutions for global financial
institutions, streamlining complex customer onboarding journeys and financial
crime case management.

Thom is currently an Adjunct Professor at Boston University Law School, where
he teaches courses on crypto regulation and payment systems.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/mj-epstein2.jpg)

### MJ Epstein

Investigative Analyst, United States Secret Service (USSS)

Investigative Analyst MJ Epstein has been employed by the U. S. Secret Service
since 2010. IA Epstein started in the Pittsburgh Field Office and transferred
to the Washington Field Office in 2013. Assigned to the Cyber Fraud Task Force
at the Washington Field Office, IA Epstein is the team lead of 5 Investigative
Analysts. IA Epstein works not only cryptocurrency cases, but various other
cyber and general crimes cases including Business Email Compromise,
Ransomware, Bank Fraud amongst others.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/rebecca-weiner.jpg)

### Rebecca Weiner

Deputy Commissioner, NYPD Intelligence & Counterterrorism Bureau

Deputy Commissioner Rebecca Ulam Weiner oversees the New York City Police
Department’s Intelligence & Counterterrorism Bureau, managing investigative,
analytical, operational, and engagement efforts across the domains of
counterterrorism, counterintelligence, criminal intelligence, infrastructure
and event protection, cyber threat intelligence, and geopolitical risk. She
develops and implements policy and strategic priorities for the Intelligence &
Counterterrorism Bureau and publically represents the NYPD in matters
involving counterterrorism and intelligence.

Prior to assuming command of the Intelligence & Counterterrorism Bureau,
Deputy Commissioner Weiner oversaw the NYPD’s counterterrorism operations and
analysis section, developing an internationally-recognized intelligence and
threat analysis program. She also served as the first representative of local
law enforcement on the Office of the Director of National Intelligence’s
National Intelligence Council, where she focused on transnational crime and
terrorism. Deputy Commissioner Weiner previously served as Assistant
Commissioner for Intelligence Analysis, Legal Counsel to the Intelligence
Bureau’s Intelligence Analysis Unit, and Team Leader for the Middle East &
North Africa, overseeing intelligence collection and analysis related to
threats associated with those regions. Prior to joining the NYPD in 2006,
Deputy Commissioner Weiner was an International Security Fellow at the Harvard
University John F. Kennedy School of Government’s Belfer Center for Science
and International Affairs; a biotechnology consultant at the Organization for
Economic Cooperation and Development; and a Science & Technology Research
Associate at the Council on Foreign Relations.

Deputy Commissioner Weiner graduated magna cum laude from Harvard College in
1999 with a Bachelor of Arts in History & Literature, and cum laude from
Harvard Law School in 2005 with a Juris Doctorate. She is an Adjunct Assistant
Professor at Columbia’s School for International and Public Affairs, a member
of the Council on Foreign Relations, a board member of the Leadership in
Counterterrorism Alumni Association, and she was admitted to the Bar of the
State of New York in 2006.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/brett-tejpaul.jpg)

### Brett Tejpaul

Head of Coinbase Institutional, Coinbase

Brett Tejpaul serves as Head of Coinbase Institutional, where he is in charge
of expanding Coinbase’s institutional client base, introducing new features
and services that institutional investors expect, and continuing to educate
the institutional community about crypto. Prior to Coinbase, Brett served as
the Global Head of Sales at Barclays and held leadership roles at JP Morgan.
Brett received his Bachelor of Science degree from Boston College.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/sulolit-
mukherjee.jpg)

### Sulolit “Raj” Mukherjee

Executive Director, Compliance & Implementation, IRS Civil

Sulolit “Raj” Mukherjee hired at Internal Revenue Service in February 2024 as
the Executive Director, Compliance & Implementation for the Office of Digital
Asset Initiative (DAI). The DAI serves as a Program Office that will help IRS
set consistent, global digital asset strategy, including internal IRS
procedure and policy. He brings significant industry expertise to his
position. He is particularly experienced in building global tax program from
ground zero and executing pragmatic strategies that meet regulatory muster and
budget parameters. Formerly, he led the global tax function at ConsenSys and
its foreign subsidiaries. In this role, he managed all the firm’s tax
functions including tax policy, corporate tax compliance, international tax,
M&A and customer reporting. He also served as

ConsenSys’ tax policy representative in Washington DC because of his extensive
know- how in liaising with governing agencies and industry to help clarify tax
regulations in the digital asset space. Previously, he was the Head of Tax &
Tax Information Reporting at two digital asset currency exchanges including
Coinbase where he oversaw creation of end-to-end tax compliance functions and
served as the lead executive focused on emerging US and global tax &
regulatory obligations for digital assets. He partnered with Legal, Technology
and Business leadership to assess risks to the firm and mitigate those risks
through pragmatic & executable enhancements and controls. Raj came to the
digital assets world after leading tax advisory functions for investment banks
in NYC for over a decade focusing on U.S. and global tax information
reporting, FATCA, NRA, 871(m) and Common Reporting Standard (CRS). Raj has a
J.D from University of Kansas School of Law, and B.A. degrees in International
Relations and English Literature from Washington College in the state of
Maryland.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/jonathan-
scharf.jpg)

### Jonathan Scharf

Deputy Chief of the Major Economic Crimes Bureau and Director of
Cryptocurrency Investigations, Queens County District Attorney’s Office

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/gianluca-
santavicca.jpg)

### Gianluca Santavicca

Legal Specialist Open Finance & DLT | BSE Innovation, Banca Sella

Gianluca collaborates with the corporate Legal, Compliance, and Risk
departments of Banca Sella to ensure an integrated approach to business
challenges, particularly concerning legal and regulatory aspects related to
field of digital payment solutions, with a keen emphasis on identifying and
mitigating any risks associated with DLTs and crypto-assets.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/samara-cohen.jpg)

### Samara Cohen

Chief Investment Officer of ETF and Index Investments, BlackRock

Samara Cohen, Senior Managing Director, is BlackRock’s Chief Investment
Officer of ETF and Index Investments and a member of the firm’s Global
Executive Committee (GEC). As CIO for ETF and Index Investments, Samara leads
the teams delivering the market quality and investment integrity of roughly
$6.6 trillion of BlackRock’s index funds and iShares ETFs. Encompassing
portfolio managers, risk managers, platform architects, and market structure
developers, her teams continuously pursue better ways for clients to access
expanding investment opportunities and seek to lead in the modernization of
the indexing industry and ETF markets. Samara is a member of the GEC
Investment Subcommittee and the GEC Talent Subcommittee. She is also the GEC
sponsor for BlackRock’s Women’s Initiative & Allies Network (WIN) and a member
of the Global Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Steering Committee. Prior to
rejoining BlackRock in 2015, Samara was a Managing Director in the Securities
Division of Goldman Sachs, where she built and led the Global Market
Transition team to develop and deliver solutions to clients in the evolving
market structure and regulatory environment following the 2008 global
financial crisis. Samara first joined BlackRock in 1993 as an analyst in the
Institutional Client Business. Samara has been recognized for her leadership
in the financial services industry. In 2023, she was named one of American
Banker’s Most Powerful Women in Finance and has been honored as one of
Barron’s Most Powerful Women in Finance in 2022 and 2023. She is a member of
the Board of the Directors for the Securities Industry Financial Markets
Association (SIFMA), and a member of the Board of the BlackRock Foundation.
Samara is passionate about the impact teachers have on students and
communities. She is an engaged alumna of the Brearley School and served on its
Board of Trustees from 2008- 2015. Currently, she serves on the Board of
Advisors for the Graduate School of Education at the University of
Pennsylvania. She earned a BS Econ in Finance from the Wharton School and a BA
in Theatre Arts from the College of Arts and Sciences of the University of
Pennsylvania. She earned an MBA from Harvard Business School.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/lucas-tcheyan.jpg)

### Lucas Tcheyan

Research Associate, Galaxy Digital

Lucas is a Research Associate at Galaxy Digital. Prior to joining Galaxy
Digital, Lucas spent 5 years as a research analyst at the Carnegie Endowment
for International Peace based in Beijing where he covered Chinese foreign
policy. Before that, Lucas worked at Goldman Sachs in Institutional Sales.
Lucas earned his MBA from Georgetown University and has a BA in History and
Chinese from Washington University in St. Louis.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/andrew-davis.jpg)

### Andrew Davis

General Counsel & Chief Risk Officer, Kivu Consulting, Inc.

Andrew Davis is the General Counsel & Chief Risk Officer at Kivu Consulting,
Inc., where he oversees the company’s compliance in all areas of law and
regulation, as well as Kivu’s Counter-Extortion and Threat Intelligence team.
Andrew’s oversight of Kivu’s Counter-Extortion team specifically focuses on
communications and negotiations with threat actors on behalf of clients,
intelligence gathering and review, and in matters where payment to a threat
actor is required undertaking the sanctions due diligence review process.

Andrew began his legal career as an Assistant District Attorney, prosecuting
misdemeanor and felony criminal matters ranging from simple possession and
assault to complex white-collar investigations, special victims matters, and
attempted murder. Prior to joining Kivu, Andrew also worked in private
practice with a focus on data privacy, cybersecurity, and cyber incident
response; assisting public and private sector organizations globally in
preparing for and responding to cybersecurity incidents, and any subsequent
regulatory inquiry.

Andrew received a Bachelor of Arts degree from Clemson University and a Juris
Doctorate from Drexel University.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/naresh-nagia.jpg)

### Naresh Nagia

Senior Advisor, Deloitte

Naresh Nagia is an Independent Senior Advisor to Deloitte & Touche LLP, where
he advises US banking and market infrastructure clients on issues related to
regulatory and risk management activities. He has advised clients on the
emerging risks of digital payments products and DLT infrastructures, bank
board & management risk governance, cross-border wholesale payments,
regulatory expectations and dialog around remediation of ERM, cybersecurity,
operational, IT and model risk.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/thibaud-
madelin.jpg)

### Thibaud Madelin

Senior Investigator – Crypto Cell – National Cyber Crime Unit (NCCU), NCA

Bio not available.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/yevhenii-
panchenko.jpg)

### Yevhenii Panchenko

Head of Operational Analysis, Cyberpolice Department, National Police of
Ukraine

Yevhenii Panchenko is the Head of the 4-th division of the Ukrainian Police
Cyberpolice Department with a specialization in the analytics of virtual
assets and support of cyber investigations.. He is a senior lecturer at the
“Center for Criminal Analysis” NAIAU, an expert/consultant of the OSCE and a
trainer at the Higher School of Public Administration of the USG.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/asta-li-privy.jpg)

### Asta Li

Co-Founder, Privy

Asta Li is the co-founder and CTO of Privy. Privy helps developers easily
onboard and engage users onchain regardless of their experience with
distributed systems. It provides self-custodial wallets for users who sign in
with email or social logins, as well as powerful connectors for users coming
in with their own assets. Prior to Privy, Asta was a founding engineer at
automation company Aurora and worked at Uber ATG prior. She holds a Bachelor’s
in Mechanical Engineering and Master’s in Computer Science from Cornell
University.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/vanessa-araujo-
lopes-butalla-1.jpg)

### Vanessa Araujo Lopes Butalla

Chief Legal, Compliance and Risk Officer for 2TM Group, Mercado Bitcoin

Vanessa Araújo Lopes Butalla, Legal, Compliance and Risk Director of Grupo
2TM/Mercado Bitcoin, also responsible for Institutional Relations and People
and Culture. Lawyer graduated from Universidade Mackenzie in 2002, with
continuing education in Business Law from GV Law. She was legal director of a
leading global company in the information segment and of the association
representing the sector in Brazil. Speaker and author of articles on Personal
Data Protection, Compliance, Cryptoeconomics and Tokenized Economy.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/alvaro-garcia.jpg)

### Alvaro Garcia

Transaction Monitoring Technical Manager, Sumsub

“Alvaro is an International and European law graduate with a master’s degree
in criminology and another in European private law. He has more than 5 years
experience working together with law enforcement in criminal investigations
and has also trained compliance officers from industries all around the globe
in the transaction monitoring realm. At the moment, he is the transaction
monitoring technical manager at Sumsub.  
“

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/andrew-rudd.jpg)

### Andrew Rudd

Head of Digital Intelligence & Analysis, Citi

Andrew leads the Digital Intelligence & Analysis team within Citi AML Digital
Risk. His team is responsible for the collection, analysis and dissemination
of intelligence related to digital and technology focused financial crime,
conducting targeted cyber threat actor assessments, and the illicit use of
cryptocurrency. He serves as a liaison to law enforcement, private sector
peers, and the National Cyber-Forensic Training Alliance (NCFTA). Prior to
this, he was the Head of Financial Threat Intelligence and Deputy Head of
Citi’s Cyber Fraud Fusion Center. Before transitioning to the private sector,
Andrew was a police officer for 12 years, focused on criminal intelligence,
covert investigation, criminal finances, and proactive counterterrorism roles.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/evan-kohlmann.jpg)

### Evan Kohlmann

CEO, Cloudburst

Evan Kohlmann is the founder and CEO of Tribeca-based Cloudburst Technologies,
the premier provider of crypto KYC and off-chain cyberintelligence. Dubbed
“the Terrorist Search Engine” by New York Magazine, Kohlmann has worked for
almost three decades tracking terrorist organizations and other cyber threat
actors through their electronic communications. He holds an unusual
combination of expertise both in the subject matter of intelligence analysis,
as well as in building automated systems for data acquisition and
distillation. Previously, Mr. Kohlmann founded cyberintelligence market leader
Flashpoint from his own bedroom and wrote the original code. Mr. Kohlmann has
testified more than 35 times in federal court as an expert witness on behalf
of the U.S. Department of Justice and has also served at various times as a
contract consultant on behalf of the U.S. Department of Defense, the
Australian Federal Police (AFP), the U.K. Crown Prosecution Service (CPS),
Scotland Yard’s SO-15 Counter Terrorism Command, the Swiss Federal Public
Prosecutor, and the Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET).

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/gabriel-campa.jpg)

### Gabriel Campa

Head of Digital Assets, Towerbank

Gabriel, with an architectural background, pivoted to the tech frontier six
years ago, captivated by blockchain, cryptocurrencies, digital banking, and
AI’s potential. In January 2022, he embraced the role of Head of Digital
Assets at Towerbank, aiming to meld traditional banking with technological
innovation. Tasked with pioneering new markets, Gabriel’s key project is
crafting a unique digital platform: a hybrid crypto wallet and bank account.
This endeavor seeks to seamlessly integrate the crypto and banking ecosystems,
positioning Towerbank at the vanguard of financial technology and opening new
avenues for digital asset management and utilization.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/marissa-
macdonald.jpg)

### Marissa MacDonald

Head of Risk, Controls & Resiliency, BNY Mellon

Marissa MacDonald is the Head of Risk, Controls & Resiliency for the Digital
Assets Business within the Bank of New York Mellon. Marissa has 20+ years of
compliance, consulting and audit experience across a broad range of
businesses, but in the last five years has focused on risk and compliance in
the digital assets space. Prior to joining BNY Mellon in January 2023, Marissa
spent 14 years at Fidelity Investments, including the last two years as the
Chief Compliance Officer of Fidelity Digital Assets. She led various
compliance programs during her tenure at Fidelity, covering topics such as
Anti-Corruption, Political Law, and Gifts and Entertainment, while also
conducting broker-dealer supervision and fund trustee activities. Prior to
Fidelity, Marissa spent eight years with Ernst & Young LLP in audit and
consultant roles. Marissa earned a B.S. in Finance from Boston College and a
M.S. in Accounting from the University of Virginia.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/gian-luca-
beruti.jpg)

### Gian Luca Berruti

Col.t ST, Italian National Cybersecurity Agency

Bio unavailable at this time.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/mary-catherine-
lader.jpg)

### MC Lader

COO, Uniswap

Mary-Catherine (MC) Lader is the Chief Operating Officer of Uniswap Labs, the
inventors of the most-used app on Ethereum, the Uniswap Protocol. She leads
the company’s growth strategy, partnerships, and operations. She also sits on
the board of Tech:NYC and serves as a member of the U.S. Commodity Futures
Trading Commission’s Global Markets Advisory Committee. Previously, she
started and led fintech businesses at BlackRock and as a startup founder. She
started her career as an investor in Goldman Sachs’ Special Situations Group
and earned J.D. and M.B.A. degrees from Harvard and a B.A. from Brown
University.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/stephan-george.jpg)

### Stephan George

Special Agent, IRS-CI

Stephan George is a Special Agent with IRS-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI).
Over the course of his career, he has conducted numerous financial
investigations involving Bank Secrecy Act violations, sophisticated money
laundering schemes, illegal narcotics operations, sensitive political
corruption investigations and criminal violations of the Internal Revenue
Code. He is a team lead for the IRS-CI Miami Digital Assets Specialty (MIDAS)
group, and a member of the DEA Counternarcotic Cyber Investigations HIDTA Task
Force. Stephan participated in the Accounting Scholars Program at Florida
Atlantic University, where he obtained both his undergraduate and graduate
degrees in Accounting. He is both a Certified Fraud Examiner and a Certified
Public Accountant. Upon graduation, Stephan pursued a career in public
accounting before becoming a Special Agent.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/paul-erlanger.jpg)

### Paul Erlanger

Business Development Lead, dYdX

In his role at dYdX, Paul currently oversees the institutional liquidity
program and all product partnerships. He has been with dYdX since 2021,
playing a key role in scaling the company to it’s current size and scope.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/nicholas-
sinthunont.jpg)

### Nicholas Sinthunont

Lead Product Manager, Chainalysis

Nick is a Product Manager at Chainalysis where he helps drive the
responsibility of a number of data teams such as Clustering and Exposure as
well as the onboarding of new blockchains across Chainalysis solutions. Prior
to joining Chainalysis, Nick has worked in a number of roles spanning Strategy
Consulting, Engineering and Product. Nick holds an MBA from Stanford Graduate
School of Business.

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/ekim.jpg)

### Ekim Buyuk

Senior Product Manager, Chainalysis

![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/jimmy-kirby-
official-photo.jpg)

### Jimmy Kirby

Deputy Director, FinCEN

Jimmy Kirby is the Deputy Director of the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s
Financial Crimes Enforcement Network (FinCEN). FinCEN’s mission is to
safeguard the financial system from illicit use, combat money laundering, and
promote national security through the strategic use of financial authorities
and the collection, analysis, and dissemination of financial intelligence.
Prior to assuming his current role, Mr. Kirby served as the Associate Director
of the Intelligence Division (now the Research and Analysis Division) and as
FinCEN’s Chief Counsel. Mr. Kirby also held several roles in Treasury’s Office
of General Counsel, including Acting Deputy Assistant General Counsel for
Enforcement and Intelligence, Senior Advisor to the General Counsel, and
Attorney Advisor and Senior Counsel in the Office of the Chief Counsel
(Foreign Assets Control). Mr. Kirby has extensive experience leading FinCEN
efforts across a range of priority matters, including overseeing efforts to
implement the Anti-Money Laundering Act of 2020 and the beneficial ownership
information provisions of the Corporate Transparency Act. Mr. Kirby’s current
and prior roles have also given him broad experience with issues involving
Treasury’s Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence, particularly with
matters involving FinCEN and the Office of Foreign Assets Control.

Prior to joining the Treasury Department, Mr. Kirby was an associate at a
large international law firm based in Washington, D.C. He is a graduate of the
University of Texas School of Law, where he was a member of the Texas Law
Review, and he clerked for the Honorable Judge Barefoot Sanders of the U.S.
District Court for the Northern District of Texas in Dallas. He also holds an
LLM in Public International Law from University College London.

View all speakers

![Photo of Michael Gronager](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/12/michael-gronager.jpg)

#### Michael Gronager

Co-Founder and Chief Executive Officer, Chainalysis

Michael was inspired to start Chainalysis when he saw how the cryptocurrency
space was struggling to become part of the financial system. He used his
experience from managing big data projects for scientists and his crypto
knowledge from the industry’s early days to develop the data platform that has
become the foundation of Chainalysis products today. Prior to Chainalysis,
Michael was COO and co-founder of the cryptocurrency exchange Kraken.

![Photo of Jonathan Levin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/12/jonathan-levin.jpg)

#### Jonathan Levin

Co-Founder and Chief Strategy Officer, Chainalysis

Trained as an economist, Jonathan felt entrepreneurship was the best way to
answer the most fundamental questions about how and why people move money
around the world. Since 2013, Jonathan has consulted with governments and FTSE
100 companies on national security and the future of finance, and now leads
strategic initiatives at Chainalysis.

![Gurvais-Grigg](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/gurvais-grigg.jpg)

#### Gurvais Grigg

Global Public Sector Chief Technology Officer (CTO), Chainalysis

Gurvais Grigg serves as the Global Public Sector Chief Technology Officer
(CTO) for Chainalysis, connecting global governments with the cryptocurrency
industry and providing them with the best data and tools to manage risk,
address threats, and conduct effective investigations. Prior to Chainalysis,
Gurvais served for more than 20 years in senior roles at the FBI.

![Sari-Granat](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/sari-
granat.jpg)

#### Sari Granat

President and COO, Chainalysis

Sari Granat is President and Chief Operating Officer of Chainalysis, the
blockchain data platform, where she manages the company’s general and
administrative functions, including finance, human resources, legal,
information security and information technology, and works across the firm on
strategies to advance the company’s mission of bringing trust and transparency
to the global cryptocurrency community.

From 2012 to 2022, Granat was with IHS Markit, a formerly NYSE-listed $45+
billion data, analytics and technology company prior to its merger with S&P
Global in February 2022, where she most recently served as executive vice
president, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel, leading
information security, information technology, legal, risk management, privacy
and compliance functions. From 2010 to 2012, Granat was Chief Administrative
Officer and head of business development at TheMarkets.com LLC, a financial
technology and data provider. Prior to that role, she has served in a variety
of legal and strategy positions with Dow Jones & Company, Kaplan, Inc.,
Skadden, Arps, Meagher & Flom LLP, and Kenyon & Kenyon.

![Caroline-Malcolm](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/caroline-malcolm.jpg)

#### Caroline Malcolm

VP, Global Public Policy, Chainalysis

Caroline leads the public policy team globally for Chainalysis. Drawing on
Chainalysis’ unique data analytics and tools, she works with clients from the
public and private sectors to understand developments in digital asset markets
and their intersection with global regulatory trends and requirements.
Formerly the Head of the OECD’s Global Blockchain Policy Centre, she addressed
diverse policy issues and led initiatives like the Financial Stability Board’s
workstream on decentralized fintech. Recognized as a “Young Global Leader” by
the World Economic Forum, Caroline’s career began as a government lawyer in
Australia before her time at the OECD.

![Erin-Plante](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/erin-
plante.jpg)

#### Erin Plante

VP, Investigations, Chainalysis

Erin Plante is the VP of Investigations at Chainalysis, where she leads the
efforts of investigations globally alongside our public and private sector
customers. Prior to joining Chainalysis, Erin spent 18 years investigating
cybercrimes and money laundering networks, with over a decade based between
China and the Middle East. Erin is a Certified Ethical Hacker, a Certified
Anti Money Laundering Specialist, and a Certified Fraud Examiner.

![Pratima-Arora](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/pratima-arora.jpg)

#### Pratima Arora

Chief Product Officer, Chainalysis

Pratima Arora is a product leader with extensive experience delivering
innovative products to millions of customers globally. She currently serves as
the Chief Product Officer at Chainalysis, a blockchain data platform, where
she leads the entire R&D organization.

Previously, Pratima was the General Manager and Vice President of Confluence
at Atlassian, accountable for one of the highest revenue generating products
at the company. Before Atlassian, she led the product strategy, roadmap and
go-to-market for Sales Cloud at Salesforce. During her tenure at the company,
she drove some of Salesforce’s most strategic initiatives, including the
machine and deep learning platform, web experience and mobile.

Pratima is a self-proclaimed geek at heart who loves to solve the toughest
customer problems with simple and intuitive solutions that customers love. She
is passionate about women and cognitive diversity in technology.

Pratima holds a B.S. in Physics from Sri Venkateswara College, Delhi
University and an M.B.A. from the Walter A. Haas School of Business at the
University of California, Berkeley.

![Jackie-Koven](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/jackie-
koven.jpg)

#### Jackie Burns Koven

Head of Cyber Threat Intelligence, Chainalysis

Jackie Burns Koven is the Head of Cyber Threat Intelligence at Chainalysis,
leading the team tracking cybercriminals and nation state actors stealing,
scamming, and extorting cryptocurrency. She is also a member of the Ransomware
Task Force, which unites key stakeholders across industry, government, and
civil society to innovate new solutions countering the ransomware threat.
Prior to joining Chainalysis, she served in the U.S. Intelligence Community.

![Caleb-Carroll](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/caleb-
carroll.jpg)

#### Caleb Carroll

Training Specialist, Chainalysis

Caleb Carroll joined Chainalysis as a Training Specialist at the end of 2022.
Prior to joining the team, he was in law enforcement in South Carolina for
fourteen years, most of which was with the Anderson County (SC) Sheriff’s
Office. The last period of his law enforcement career, he was a Detective who
investigated all forms of violence against children and women, specializing
particularly on Internet Crimes Against Children. He was on the South Carolina
Attorney General’s Office Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and was
a member of the Foothills Human Trafficking Task Force. In 2019, Caleb moved
to the Philippines with International Justice Mission, where he worked
directly with the Philippine government to counter the sex trafficking of
children to produce new child sexual abuse material shared online. While in
this role, he began hearing about forced labor compounds involved in scamming
in SE Asia and, as Director of Investigations and Law Enforcement Development
programs in the Philippines, his team helped the Philippine government
repatriate forced scamming victims on several cases. He holds a Bachelor of
Science in Criminal Justice from the University of Cincinnati and a Master of
Science in Global Technology and Development (Applied International
Development) from Arizona State University.

![Emily-Ing](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/emily-
ing.jpg)

#### Emily Ing

Training Specialist, Chainalysis

Emily Ing is a Training Specialist at Chainalysis. She provides training for
public and private sector customers across the core certification offerings
aimed at educating on foundational concepts in cryptocurrency and the
Chainalysis Reactor product.Her background is in public policy, consulting,
and international development. Prior to Chainalysis, Emily worked at the
Harvard Humanitarian Initiative, leading a global training program focused on
humanitarian negotiation funded by USAID. She also managed projects for state
and local government agencies and international/domestic non-profit
organizations in her various consulting capacities. She holds a Masters in
International Affairs and Economics from Johns Hopkins School of Advanced
International Studies (SAIS).

![Andrew Fierman photo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/andrew-fierman.jpg)

#### Andrew Fierman

Head of Sanctions Strategy, Chainalysis

Andrew Fierman is currently the Head of Sanctions Strategy for Chainalysis.
Prior to joining the crypto space, Andrew spent his career developing
proactive sanctions compliance programs in global financial institutions,
including at Societe Generale as a VP on the sanctions investigations team and
as the Head of Americas Sanctions at Barclays.

![Caitlin-Barnett](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/caitlin-barnett.jpg)

#### Caitlin Barnett

Director of Regulation & Compliance, Chainalysis

Caitlin’s legal and compliance experience encompasses both cryptocurrency and
traditional finance. As Director of Regulation and Compliance at Chainalysis,
she helps leading financial institutions strategize and build compliance
programs in order to adopt cryptocurrencies and offer new products to their
customers. In addition, Caitlin helps facilitate dialogue with regulators and
the industry on key policy issues within the cryptocurrency industry.
Previously, as Chief Compliance Officer at Bitstamp USA, she supervised their
BSA/AML Program and maintained regulatory relationships with both federal and
state regulators within the United States. Prior to Bitstamp, Caitlin was
Deputy Chief Compliance Officer at Gemini Trust Company, LLC. She has also
served as a Senior AML investigator and Assistant Vice President at
Commerzbank AG and Assistant Vice President, Senior Counsel at JP Morgan
Chase.

![Sean-Allen](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/sean-
allen.jpg)

#### Sean Allen

VP, Product Marketing, Chainalysis

Having been a part of high-growth disruptive companies like Salesforce,
VMware, and OutSystems for more than 20 years, Sean has passionate
perspectives on technology that shakes and shapes the world. He is currently
pouring his energy into leading product marketing at Chainalysis and the
company’s mission of bringing trust to the future of global finance.

![Molly-Chambers](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/molly-chambers.jpg)

#### Molly Chambers

Customer Success Manager, Chainalysis

Molly Chambers began her career at the Central Intelligence Agency as an
Africa-based case officer. After pivoting to the private sector, Molly managed
private wealth assets at Morgan Stanley, and now helps build trust in
cryptocurrency and blockchain technology as a Customer Success Manager at
Chainalysis.

![Tali-Shousterman](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/tali-shousterman.jpg)

#### Tali Shousterman

Director, Investigations and Intelligence Solutions, Chainalysis

Tali Shousterman is the Director of Investigations & Intelligence Solutions at
Chainalysis, where she leads cryptocurrency investigations for the U.S public
sector, tackling some of the most difficult crypto- and financial-related
investigative challenges today. Prior to joining Chainalysis, Tali served in
various national security positions in the U.S. government. Tali began her
career as an attorney and also served as a U.S. Naval officer in the reserves.

![Damon-Gergar](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/damon-
gergar.jpg)

#### Damon Gergar

Training Specialist, Chainalysis

Damon is a Training Specialist with Chainalysis; the blockchain data platform.
Prior to joining Chainalysis, Damon served as a 2nd grade Detective with the
New York City Police Department (NYPD). During his 21 years of service, Damon
worked in the Organized Crime Control Bureau’s Vice Major Case Unit / Human
Trafficking Task Force. Damon was the lead detective for all child sexual
abuse material (CSAM) / internet traveler cases for over 12 years. During his
last four years of service, Damon worked as a Homeland Security Investigations
(HSI) Task Force officer in the NYPD’s Criminal Enterprise Investigative
Section. He continued investigating child exploitation crimes, bulk cash
smuggling cases out of NYC’s airports, and assisting in numerous drug
trafficking and money laundering investigations within his unit. Damon
received his Bachelor’s degree in Criminology from Indiana University of
Pennsylvania, and his Master’s Degree in Criminology & Deviance from John Jay
College of Criminal Justice. Additionally, Damon was an adjunct professor at
John Jay College of Criminal Justice from January 2015 through December 2021.

![Brian-Carter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/brian-
carter.jpg)

#### Brian Carter

Senior Intelligence Analyst, Chainalysis

Brian Carter has split his career working as an intelligence analyst and more
recently in computer network defense and security operations centers where he
helped detect and respond to serious incidents in public sector and private
industry. At Chainalysis, Brian does research that leads to attribution of the
cryptocurrency footprints of cybercriminals.

![Jason-Somensatto](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/jason-somensatto.jpg)

#### Jason Somensatto

Head of North America Public Policy, Chainalysis

Jason Somensatto is Head of North America Public Policy for Chainalysis. In
his role, Jason engages with policy makers on issues relevant to Chainalysis
and its customers and provides insights on the developing regulatory landscape
applicable to crypto businesses. Prior to joining Chainalysis, Jason worked at
the US Commodity Futures Trading Commission as Director of it fintech
innovation office and as an adviser on crypto policy to Chairman Rostin
Behnam. Before entering public service, Jason spent 14 years as a lawyer at
private law firms and as the first in-house lawyer for a crypto exchange
software company. He has been writing and commenting about the intersection of
the crypto ecosystem and financial regulation since 2015.

![Andy-Granowitz](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/andy-
granowitz.jpg)

#### Andy Granowitz

Director of Product Management, KYT, Chainalysis

Andy Granowitz is Director of Product Manager at Chainalysis, the blockchain
analysis company. In his role at Chainalysis, Andy leads product development
for risk & compliance products, including Chainalysis Know Your Transaction
(KYT), the industry leading cryptocurrency transaction monitoring solution.
Prior to Chainalysis, Andy was a Product Manager on search and data products
at Box, led product and operations for Wagon (acquired by Box), and led
product outreach, education, and partnerships for the Google Analytics
platform.

![Anouska-Streets](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/anouska-streets.jpg)

#### Anouska Streets

VP, Engineering, Chainalysis

Anouska Streets is V.P. of Engineering at Chainalysis. With over 20 years of
experience across diverse industries such as banking, crypto, government,
telecoms, and insurance, Anouska has expertise in building high-performing
teams and leveraging cutting-edge technologies. Her focus on building a
culture of continuous improvement and collaboration empowers engineers to
deliver their best work and explore innovative ideas.

![Yusuf-Roso](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/yusuf-
roso.jpg)

#### Yusuf Roso

Director of Product, Data Intelligence, Chainalysis

Yusuf Roso is Director of Product for Data Intelligence where he leads the
development of Chainalysis’ blockchain knowledge graph and data platform.
Before joining Chainalysis in 2019, Yusuf led product teams at JW Player
focusing on recommendation and ad targeting products, and at Kindle focusing
on content discovery models and the associated SaaS tools for Amazon
Publishing. In a previous life, Yusuf worked on the trading floor at J.P.
Morgan where he was a VP and assisted asset managers and multinational
corporations in their investment and hedging strategies in various derivative
markets.

![Stephanie-Santoyo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/stephanie-santoyo.jpg)

#### Stephanie Santoyo

Training Specialist, Chainalysis

Stephanie Santoyo is a Training Specialist at Chainalysis. Prior to her role
with the company, she was a former contract Intelligence Analyst/Trainer with
DEA and St. Louis County Police Department in Missouri for 7+ years and has
worked with cyber intelligence units to anaylze cryptocurrency for tactical
investigations.

![Roger-Brown](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/roger-
brown.jpg)

#### Roger Brown

Global Head of Tax Strategy, Chainalysis

Roger Brown is an experienced international tax and financial institutions tax
lawyer who currently focuses on the crypto ecosystem. Roger is Global Head of
Tax Strategy for Chainalysis, Inc. Chainalysis is a blockchain data company
that serves the needs of governments, financial institutions, and other
companies for transactions involving blockchain technology and digital assets.

Among Roger’s previous roles, Roger worked for nearly a decade in the national
office of the IRS writing regulations, rulings, and other guidance, while also
assisting field agents in their audits. Roger spent a similar period as a
senior technical partner in Ernst & Young’s financial services & institutions
practice, which also covered FinTech and blockchain clients of EY — globally.

Prior to EY, Roger gained a deep understanding of the US tax withholding and
reporting rules as a partner in a law firm that was the leader in that space:
Burt, Staples & Maner (BSM). Roger has also taught international tax law at
Georgetown University in the United States and has given hundreds of lectures
on a variety of tax topics to other audiences over his 30+ year career.

![Jacob-Illum](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/jacob-
illum.jpg)

#### Jacob Illum

Chief Scientist, Chainalysis

Jacob is an experienced distributed systems researcher with a rich background
in designing, building, and debugging mission-critical systems across academia
and business sectors. Leveraging years of expertise, he has for the past 6
years pivoted to tackle the burgeoning challenges of blockchain forensics,
applying his deep knowledge to navigate and solve the complex issues that
arise in this dynamic field.

![Matt-Wilson](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/matt-
wilson.jpg)

#### Matt Wilson

Product Manager, Chainalysis

Matt Wilson is a Group Product Manager at Chainalysis, where he is responsible
for the Investigation Product Line. He has served in this role for five years,
overseeing the development of Reactor, Storyline, and the Investigations API.

Prior to Chainalysis, Matt worked in Product Management at Palantir where he
focused on compliance and investigations software for financial institutions.
Matt holds an MBA from Columbia Business school, an Electrical Engineering
degree from Rensselear Polytchnic and served in the US Navy as a Submarine
Officer.

![Danielle-Davis](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/danielle-davis.jpg)

#### Danielle Davis

Head of Corporate Development, Chainalysis

Danielle E. Davis is a member of the Strategy Team and Head of Corporate
Development at Chainalysis. Danielle supports leadership in the execution of
strategic pursuits, primarily focusing on inorganic growth opportunities in
the public and private sector through mergers and acquisitions, investments
and strategic partnerships. Prior to Chainalysis, Danielle served as Chief M&A
Counsel at IHS Markit (now part of S&P Global), assisting with the firm’s
global mergers and acquisitions strategy and execution. Before IHS Markit,
Danielle served as M&A counsel at Nielsen and spent several years in private
practice at Morgan Lewis & Bockius.

![Samantha-Stutman](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/samantha-stutman.jpg)

#### Samantha Stutman

Director of Enterprise, Chainalysis

Samantha is the Director of Enterprise at Chainalysis. In this role, Samantha
supports financial institutions, cryptocurrency businesses and financial
technology companies in their journey with cryptocurrency. Prior to joining
Chainalysis, Samantha held compliance roles at ICAP and Bank of Montreal.

![Brian-Alapatt](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/brian-
alapatt.jpg)

#### Brian Alapatt

Technical Product Manager, Chainalysis

Brian is a technical product marketing manager at Chainalysis. He spends his
time simplifying complex crypto concepts to show law enforcement, regulators,
financial institutions and cryptocurrency businesses the art of the possible
when it comes to solving crypto crimes, compliance and growing crypto
businesses using blockchain analytics.

## Nodes Sponsors

![siren-logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/siren-
logo.svg)

![Taxbit](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/taxbit.svg)

![Guidehouse logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/guidehouse.svg)

![Cloudburst-Logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/cloudburst-logo.svg)

![cellebrite-logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/cellebrite-logo.svg)

![Intel 471 logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/intel-471.svg)

## Validator Sponsors

![halborn-black](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/02/halborn-black.svg)

![Amazon_Web_Services_Logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/03/amazon-web-services-logo.svg)

![asset-reality-logo](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/asset-reality-logo.svg)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/links-nyc/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)
![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e0d0e9ad-9ae7-4b04-af19-491f26e3458d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=77ded1a6-aaf3-40c8-a4f8-971045de8a1f&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Flinks-
nyc%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=e0d0e9ad-9ae7-4b04-af19-491f26e3458d&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=77ded1a6-aaf3-40c8-a4f8-971045de8a1f&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Flinks-
nyc%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=17f96faeda1d41e8e2b849e49430ff0e&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Flinks-
nyc%2F&_biz_t=1716906615804&_biz_i=Chainalysis%20Links%20NYC%202024%20-%20April%209%E2%80%9310&_biz_n=0&rnd=788628&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906616162)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=17f96faeda1d41e8e2b849e49430ff0e&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Flinks-
nyc%2F&_biz_t=1716906616163&_biz_i=Chainalysis%20Links%20NYC%202024%20-%20April%209%E2%80%9310&rnd=737901&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906616163)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Close this modal.](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/themes/chainalysis/static/images/modal-close-icon-text-gray.svg)

###

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=b6d5fabd-a9c9-45e7-b690-91c9aed17072&sid=cd4b02d01cfe11efac02f9dfa20bcd35&vid=cd4b27d01cfe11ef9789455535b722f2&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Chainalysis%20Links%20NYC%202024%20-%20April%209%E2%80%9310&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Flinks-
nyc%2F&r=&lt=4210&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=893530)

