Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

# **Live panel discussions** with institutional digital asset management
professionals

Upcoming webinarSee all webinars

Upcoming webinar

## Digital Assets **Banking Forum**

We invite you to the webinar "Digital Assets Banking Forum" organized by GFT
together with Metaco and BBVA, on Tuesday, 23rd of January 2024 at 16.00 CET.
A unique opportunity to learn about BBVA's strategy and case studies from the
experience in other European countries.

### **Join our webinar** live on 23rd of January 2024

Join our webinar in which for 45 minutes we will be discussing and explaining
with key industry experts about the future of financial institutions, what we
need to know and what we can do to win in the new digital asset space and
above all, why the time to act is now. We are waiting for you!

### Agenda

  1. BBVA: strategy and success story with Francisco Maroto, Head of Blockchain and Digital Assets at BBVA.
  2. Q&A with Juan Hidalgo-Saavedra González, IT Program Manager at GFT.

[Book your seat now](https://www.gft.com/es/es/events/2023/metaco-bbva-gft-
webinar-banking-forum?utm_source=website&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=eve-
hv-emea-gft-bbva-
webinar_digital_assets_banking_forum-23q4&utm_term=metacowebsite&utm_content=webinarspage&sfcid=701TG000001VbqrYAC
"Book your seat now")

## Watch **our webinars**

Search

Filter by

All media post

Webinar

7 results

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/04-leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines-640x379.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

November 30, 2023

### [Navigating the Legal Terrain around Staking Services in
Switzerland](/webinar/navigating-the-legal-terrain-around-staking-services-in-
switzerland/ "Navigating the Legal Terrain around Staking Services in
Switzerland")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/18-cryptos-in-banking_-what-does-it-take-to-build-a-secure-and-resilient-digital-asset-management-platform_-640x379.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

April 28, 2023

### [Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco
Harmonize™](/webinar/tokenized-securities-german-market-epwg-dfine/ "Tokenized
bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco Harmonize™")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/16-information-security-and-digital-assets_-priorities-and-challenges-640x379.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

January 17, 2023### [Best practices around security, governance and
compliance](/webinar/best-practices-security-governance-compliance/ "Best
practices around security, governance and compliance")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/webinar_background-640x371.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

November 18, 2022### [Digital Asset Use Cases for Banks](/webinar/digital-
assets-use-cases-banking-custody/ "Digital Asset Use Cases for Banks")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/webinar_background2-640x371.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

June 21, 2022### [The Digital Asset Opportunity for Banks and FIs in
APAC](/webinar/digital-asset-opportunity-banks-financial-institutions-apac/
"The Digital Asset Opportunity for Banks and FIs in APAC")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/webinar_background3-640x371.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

June 15, 2022### [Uniting digital assets with traditional financial services
to create the most trusted banking platform](/webinar/levelfield-ibm-digital-
assets-banking-platform/ "Uniting digital assets with traditional financial
services to create the most trusted banking platform")

  * ![](/wp-content/uploads/2022/05/14-digital-assets-are-coming-of-age-640x379.png)

[Webinar](/category/webinar/)

May 19, 2022### [The BBVA Digital Asset Playbook for Banks & Financial
Institutions](/webinar/bbva-digital-asset-playbook-banks-financial-
institutions/ "The BBVA Digital Asset Playbook for Banks & Financial
Institutions")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

