Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

This page is incomplete and we'd love your help. Edit this page and add
anything that you think might be useful to others.

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Ethereum for Python Developers

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), May
7, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Getting started with smart contracts and the Solidity language
  * Beginner articles
  * Intermediate articles
  * Advanced use patterns
  * Python projects and tools
    * Active:
    * Archived / No longer maintained:
  * Projects using Python tooling
  * Python Community discussion
  * Other aggregated lists

Learn how to develop for Ethereum using Python-based projects and tooling

Use Ethereum to create decentralized applications (or "dapps") that utilize
the benefits of cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. These dapps can be
trustworthy, meaning that once they are deployed to Ethereum, they will always
run as programmed. They can control digital assets in order to create new
kinds of financial applications. They can be decentralized, meaning that no
single entity or person controls them and are nearly impossible to censor.

## Getting started with smart contracts and the Solidity language

**Take your first steps to integrating Python with Ethereum**

Need a more basic primer first? Check out [ethereum.org/learn](/en/learn/) or
[ethereum.org/developers](/en/developers/).

  * [Blockchain Explained(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/d55684513211466da7f8cc03987607d5/blockchain-explained)
  * [Understanding Smart Contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/e4f66c6079e74a4a9b532148d3158188/ethereum-101-part-5-the-smart-contract)
  * [Write your First Smart Contract(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/124b7db1d0cf4f47b414f8b13c9d66e2/remix-ide-your-first-smart-contract)
  * [Learn How to Compile and Deploy Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/article/973c5f54c4434bb1b0160cff8c695369/understanding-smart-contract-compilation-and-deployment)

## Beginner articles

  * [A (Python) Developer's Guide to Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://snakecharmers.ethereum.org/a-developers-guide-to-ethereum-pt-1/)
  * [The state of Python in blockchain 2023 report(opens in a new tab)](https://tradingstrategy.ai/blog/the-state-of-python-in-blockchain-in-2023)
  * [An Introduction to Smart Contracts with Vyper(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/#collections/Getting%20Started/an-introduction-to-smart-contracts-with-vyper/)
  * [Deploy your own ERC20 Token with Python and Brownie(opens in a new tab)](https://betterprogramming.pub/python-blockchain-token-deployment-tutorial-create-an-erc20-77a5fd2e1a58)
  * [How to develop Ethereum contract using Python Flask?(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/coinmonks/how-to-develop-ethereum-contract-using-python-flask-9758fe65976e)
  * [Intro to Web3.py Â· Ethereum For Python Developers(opens in a new tab)](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/web3-py-intro)
  * [How to call a Smart Contract function using Python and web3.py(opens in a new tab)](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/57580702/how-to-call-a-smart-contract-function-using-python-and-web3-py)

## Intermediate articles

  * [Dapp Development for Python Programmers(opens in a new tab)](https://levelup.gitconnected.com/dapps-development-for-python-developers-f52b32b54f28)
  * [Creating a Python Ethereum Interface: Part 1(opens in a new tab)](https://hackernoon.com/creating-a-python-ethereum-interface-part-1-4d2e47ea0f4d)
  * [Ethereum Smart Contracts in Python: a comprehensive(ish) guide(opens in a new tab)](https://hackernoon.com/ethereum-smart-contracts-in-python-a-comprehensive-ish-guide-771b03990988)
  * [Using Brownie and Python to deploy Smart Contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://dev.to/patrickalphac/using-brownie-for-to-deploy-smart-contracts-1kkp)
  * [Creating NFTs on OpenSea with Brownie(opens in a new tab)](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/how-to-make-an-nft-and-render-on-opensea-marketplace/)

## Advanced use patterns

  * [Compiling, deploying and calling Ethereum smartcontract using Python(opens in a new tab)](https://yohanes.gultom.id/2018/11/28/compiling-deploying-and-calling-ethereum-smartcontract-using-python/)
  * [Analyze Solidity Smart Contracts with Slither(opens in a new tab)](https://kauri.io/#collections/DevOps/analyze-solidity-smart-contracts-with-slither/#analyze-solidity-smart-contracts-with-slither)
  * [Blockchain Fintech Tutorial: Lending and Borrowing With Python(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.chain.link/blockchain-fintech-defi-tutorial-lending-borrowing-python/)

## Python projects and tools

### Active:

  * [Web3.py(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.py) \- _Python library for interacting with Ethereum_
  * [Vyper(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/vyper/) \- _Pythonic Smart Contract Language for the EVM_
  * [Ape(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ApeWorX/ape) \- _The smart contract development tool for Pythonistas, Data Scientists, and Security Professionals_
  * [py-evm(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/py-evm) \- _implementation of the Ethereum Virtual Machine_
  * [eth-tester(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/eth-tester) \- _tools for testing Ethereum-based applications_
  * [eth-utils(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/eth-utils/) \- _utility functions for working with Ethereum related codebases_
  * [py-solc-x(opens in a new tab)](https://pypi.org/project/py-solc-x/) \- _Python wrapper around the solc solidity compiler with 0.5.x support_
  * [pymaker(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/makerdao/pymaker) \- _Python API for Maker contracts_
  * [siwe(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/spruceid/siwe-py) \- _Sign in with Ethereum (siwe) for Python_
  * [Web3 DeFi for Ethereum integrations(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/tradingstrategy-ai/web3-ethereum-defi) \- _A Python package with ready integrations for ERC-20, Uniswap and other popular projects_
  * [Wake(opens in a new tab)](https://getwake.io) \- _All-in-one Python framework for contracts testing, fuzzing, deployment, vulnerability scanning and code navigation (language server -[Tools for Solidity(opens in a new tab)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=AckeeBlockchain.tools-for-solidity))_

### Archived / No longer maintained:

  * [Trinity(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/trinity) \- _Ethereum Python client_
  * [Mamba(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/arjunaskykok/mamba) \- _framework to write, compile, and deploy smart contracts written in Vyper language_
  * [Brownie(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/eth-brownie/brownie) \- _Python framework for deploying, testing and interacting with Ethereum smart contracts_
  * [pydevp2p(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/pydevp2p) \- _implementation of the Ethereum P2P stack_
  * [py-wasm(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/py-wasm) \- _Python implementation of the web assembly interpreter_

Looking for more resources? Check out
[ethereum.org/developers](/en/developers/).

## Projects using Python tooling

The following Ethereum-based projects use tools mentioned on this page. The
related open-source repositories serve as a good reference for example code
and best practices.

  * [Yearn Finance(opens in a new tab)](https://yearn.finance/) and [Yearn Vault Contracts repository(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/yearn/yearn-vaults)
  * [Curve(opens in a new tab)](https://curve.fi/) and [Curve smart contracts repository(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/curvefi/curve-contract)
  * [BadgerDAO(opens in a new tab)](https://badger.com/) and [smart contracts using Brownie toolchain(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/Badger-Finance/badger-system)
  * [Sushi(opens in a new tab)](https://sushi.com/) uses [Python in managing and deploying their vesting contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/sushiswap/sushi-vesting-protocols)
  * [Alpha Finance(opens in a new tab)](https://alphafinance.io/), of Alpha Homora fame, uses [Brownie to test and deploy smart contracts(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/AlphaFinanceLab/alpha-staking-contract)

## Python Community discussion

  * [Ethereum Python Community Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/9zk7snTfWe) for Web3.py and other Python framework discussion
  * [Vyper Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://discord.gg/SdvKC79cJk) for Vyper smart contract programming discussion

## Other aggregated lists

The Vyper wiki has an [incredible list of resources for Vyper(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/vyperlang/vyper/wiki/Vyper-tools-and-resources)

## Help us with this page

If you're an expert on the topic and want to contribute, edit this page and
sprinkle it with your wisdom.

You'll be credited and you'll be helping the Ethereum community!

Use this flexible [documentation template(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.notion.so/efdn/Writer-
template-4b40d196cde7422ca6a2091de33550bd)

Questions? Ask us in the #content channel on our [Discord server(opens in a
new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

[Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/programming-
languages/python/index.md)

back-to-top â

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ð](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

![ð](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Getting started with smart contracts and the Solidity language
    * Beginner articles
    * Intermediate articles
    * Advanced use patterns
    * Python projects and tools
      * Active:
      * Archived / No longer maintained:
    * Projects using Python tooling
    * Python Community discussion
    * Other aggregated lists

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

