Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

# Global Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and again

  *  __ February 7, 2023
  *  __3 min
  *  __Global Custodian

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fglobal-custodian-metaco-enables-the-worlds-largest-banks-to-capitalize-on-the-digital-asset-economy%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fglobal-custodian-metaco-enables-the-worlds-largest-banks-to-capitalize-on-the-digital-asset-economy%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Not all digital asset custody fintechs are created equally and Metaco is
proving itself again and again

**Partnerships with the biggest names in traditional custody and a trebled
headcount in 12 months has put Metaco in an exclusive club of digital asset
start-ups who are truly making a difference for the advancement of
institutional crypto custody.**

In a recent feature of ours – the Fintechs shaping the future of securities
services – we picked a handful of providers who not only passed our internal
smell test, but appear to be making waves in the space. Among them, a firm
called Metaco. Metaco first appeared on a radar when former Standard Chartered
securities services stalwart Craig Perrin joined the team (he’s now chief
sales officer) and since then the fintech has announced a number of
significant partnerships and milestones.

Among its partners Citi, BNP Paribas, Societe Generale, IHS Markit BBVA, DBS,
Zodia Custody by Standard Chartered. That’s quite a roster of top tier
custodians – arguably the broadest of all digital asset tech firms.

In recent weeks we appear to be seeing even more of Metaco. Tie-ups with Deka
Bank, Archax and the appointment of former global head of digital asset
infrastructure at IBM, Peter DeMeo. The IBM veteran of almost 20 years takes
on the role of chief product officer and the firm has also added the tech
giant’s former lead architect, Angel Nunez Mencias as well. In the role, Nunez
Mencias will oversee the commercialisation of Metaco’s multi-party computation
key management solution – also a new development I believe – and work with
top-tier banks to integrate MPC key shards natively in hardware security
modules.

Overall, Metaco has trebled its headcount in 12 months, including appointments
with backgrounds at the likes of Accenture, PayPal, Citi and Euroclear.

The firm’s goal is to enable the world’s largest banks to capitalise on the
digital asset economy, and given the partnerships its striking and the
personnel it’s adding, Metaco is certainly doing just that.

Seamus Donoghue, chief growth officer at Metaco, said to Global Custodian on
the recent growth:

> “Global custodians and top-tier banks across the world are investing in the
> technology and expertise required to enable this paradigm shift, and Metaco
> – already working with 6 out of top 10 global custodians – has established
> itself as the leading custody and orchestration technology partner of choice
> to the industry. This puts Metaco in a unique position to bridge and work
> with these institutions to help define global, interoperable industry
> standards and innovative networked services, critical to unlocking broader
> institutional adoption of digital assets.”

To continue reading, please see [the original article on
globalcustodian.com](https://www.globalcustodian.com/blog/not-all-digital-
asset-custody-fintechs-are-created-equally-and-metaco-is-proving-itself-again-
and-again/)



[See original article](https://www.globalcustodian.com/blog/not-all-digital-
asset-custody-fintechs-are-created-equally-and-metaco-is-proving-itself-again-
and-again/ "See original article")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/coindesk_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs
to Revamp Institutional Push](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/coindesk-
metaco-exco-mpc/ "Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs to
Revamp Institutional Push")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/cointelegraph_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

November 18, 2022### [Cointelegraph: Banks still show interest in digital
assets and DeFi amid market chaos](https://www.metaco.com/media-
feature/cointelegraph-defi-banks-crypto-metaco/ "Cointelegraph: Banks still
show interest in digital assets and DeFi amid market chaos")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/the-banker_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

June 28, 2022### [The Banker: BBVA builds its crypto muscle with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/thebanker-bbva-metaco/ "The
Banker: BBVA builds its crypto muscle with Metaco")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

