  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [The FIO
Protocol: A Beginner's Guide](/blog/fio-protocol-beginners-guide)

##### Guides

# The FIO Protocol: A Beginner's Guide

Published on: May 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is The FIO Protocol?**
  * **What are FIO Handles?**
  * **The FIO Token**
  * **FIO Handles vs ENS Domains**
  * **FIO Protocol vs Other Human Readable Domain Protocols in Web3**
  * **How to Deposit FIO to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Discover the FIO Protocol and FIO Handles. Compare them with ENS domains and
other human-readable domain protocols in the Web3 ecosystem.

![The FIO Protocol: A Beginner's Guide](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffio_protocol_guide_f883759604.png&w=3840&q=75)

As the Web3 ecosystem evolves, more user-friendly interfaces and enhanced
security measures are needed. One of the significant advancements in this
space is the development of human-readable domain name protocols. These
protocols aim to simplify blockchain transactions by replacing complex and
lengthy wallet addresses with easily recognizable names.

In this beginner’s guide, we explore the FIO Protocol and FIO Handles,
exploring their features, benefits, and how they enhance the Web3 experience.
Additionally, we’ll compare the FIO Protocol to the [Ethereum Name Service
(ENS)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-name-service-beginners-guide)
domains, another prominent human-readable domain system, and examine other
notable protocols in the Web3 landscape.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is The FIO Protocol?

The FIO Protocol (Foundation for Interwallet Operability) is a decentralized
service layer designed to enhance the usability and functionality of
blockchain networks. FIO Protocol simplifies the process of sending and
receiving [cryptocurrency](https://trustwallet.com/), making it more user-
friendly and accessible for both novice and experienced users.

With the FIO Protocol, you can replace all of your public wallet addresses
with a single, secure, customizable handle. FIO makes any transaction, on any
chain, as easy as sending an email.

![fio-protocol-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffio_protocol_guide_3_963b7d2bb0.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore the FIO Protocol in more detail, remember that you can
manage the [FIO token](https://trustwallet.com/fio-wallet) using Trust Wallet.

You can [download Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) as a mobile
app, or you can install the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![fio-protocol-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffio_protocol_guide_1_31bb91300e.png&w=3840&q=75)

## What are FIO Handles?

FIO Handles are a key feature of the FIO Protocol, designed to simplify
cryptocurrency transactions. FIO Handles replace cumbersome wallet addresses
with human-readable identifiers. A FIO Handle typically takes the form of a
username@domain (e.g. cath@fio), making it easy to remember and share. These
handles can be used across different blockchain networks and are not tied to a
single type of cryptocurrency, providing a versatile and user-friendly
solution for managing multiple assets.

Here's how FIO Handles revolutionize crypto interactions:

  * **Custom wallet addresses:** Say goodbye to the days of: highlight, copy and paste of long, confusing wallet addresses. FIO Handles replace them with user-defined names, making sending and receiving crypto as simple as sending an email.

  * **Reduced error risk:** Typos and mistakes become a thing of the past. FIO Handles eliminate the risk of accidentally sending crypto to the wrong address, a major concern for many users.

  * **Branding & personalization:** FIO Handles offer you the chance to personalize your crypto experience. You get to choose your own handle. This adds a touch of personality and allows for potential branding opportunities.

## The FIO Token

The FIO Token is the native cryptocurrency of the FIO Protocol, serving as the
primary medium of exchange and incentive mechanism within the ecosystem. It is
an ERC-20 token built on the Ethereum blockchain, providing utility and
governance functions within the FIO Protocol's decentralized network.

The FIO Token has multiple use cases within the FIO Protocol ecosystem,
including:

  * **Transaction fees:** Users pay FIO Tokens as fees for registering FIO addresses and executing transactions on the network.

  * **Block producer rewards:** FIO Token holders who participate in block production and validation are rewarded with tokens for their contributions to the network's security and stability.

  * **Protocol governance:** FIO Token holders have voting rights to participate in protocol governance decisions, such as protocol upgrades, parameter adjustments, and the allocation of community funds.

  * **Staking and collateral:** FIO Tokens can be staked as collateral to support the network's security and reliability, as well as to participate in various governance processes.

## FIO Handles vs ENS Domains

Both FIO Handles and ENS (Ethereum Name Service) domains address the challenge
of cryptic crypto addresses by offering human-readable alternatives. Let's
break down how they compare:

### Usability

#### FIO Handles:

  * **Human-readable handles:** FIO Handles (e.g. cath@fio) are designed to be simple and memorable, making it easy for users to share and manage their addresses across different blockchains.

  * **Cross-platform support:** FIO Handles can be used with multiple cryptocurrencies and wallets, providing a versatile solution for managing various digital assets.

#### ENS Domains:

  * **Simple naming system:** ENS domains (e.g. cath.eth) offer a straightforward naming convention that replaces Ethereum addresses with easy-to-remember names.

  * **Integration with Ethereum:** ENS is specifically designed for the Ethereum network, allowing seamless integration with Ethereum-based applications and services.

  * **Browser compatibility:** ENS domains can be used as decentralized website addresses, providing additional functionality beyond cryptocurrency transactions.

### Security

#### FIO Handles:

  * **Enhanced security measures:** FIO Handles reduce the risk of errors and phishing attacks by enabling users to verify simple Handles instead of complex addresses.

  * **Metadata and confirmations:** The ability to attach metadata and use confirmation workflows further enhances transaction security, ensuring both parties agree on the details before proceeding.

#### ENS Domains:

  * **Decentralization:** ENS is built on the [Ethereum blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum), inheriting its robust security features and decentralization.

  * **Trustworthy resolution:** ENS domains use smart contracts to securely map human-readable names to Ethereum addresses, reducing the likelihood of misdirected transactions.

### Interoperability

#### FIO Handles:

  * **Multi-blockchain support:** FIO Handles work across various blockchain networks and cryptocurrencies, providing a unified solution for managing digital assets.

  * **Wallet integration:** FIO Protocol is supported by numerous wallet providers, including Trust Wallet, making it accessible to a wide range of users.

#### ENS Domains:

  * **Ethereum-centric:** ENS domains are primarily focused on the Ethereum ecosystem, which may limit their utility for users who hold assets on multiple blockchains.

  * **Growing ecosystem:** Despite its Ethereum focus, ENS is increasingly being integrated into other blockchain projects and decentralized applications (dApps).

## FIO Protocol vs Other Human Readable Domain Protocols in Web3

The FIO Protocol isn't the only player in the Web3 ecosystem. Solutions like
xDNS (decentralized Name Service) and Namecoin also offer human-readable
alternatives to complex blockchain addresses. FIO Handles, however, stand out
in a few key ways:

  * **Blockchain agnostic:** FIO Handles work seamlessly across various blockchains. This future-proofs your handle and eliminates the need for separate names on different platforms.

  * **Focus on functionality:** While other solutions primarily offer naming functionality, FIO Handles go a step further. They integrate with the FIO Protocol to facilitate additional features, including token requests, permission management, and even encryption for increased security.

  * **Unified experience:** FIO Handles act as a central hub for your crypto activities. A single handle can connect to all your blockchain addresses, offering a unified user experience regardless of the underlying platform.

These unique features position FIO Handles as a comprehensive solution for
managing your crypto identity and streamlining interactions within the ever-
evolving Web3 ecosystem.

## How to Deposit FIO to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit [FIO](https://trustwallet.com/fio-wallet) from another [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) address or from a
centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “FIO” and select it.

![fio-protocol-guide-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ffio_protocol_guide_2_b5220e4794.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other crypto wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to FIO, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

