[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy
Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

[SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced
tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)[MarginIncrease your profits with
leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)[P2PBuy & sell
cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+
options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)[Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to
trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert/BNB/USDT)[Trading
BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and
reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)[Copy TradingFollow the most
popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)[APIsUnlimited
opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

Futures

[USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and
USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)[COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in
cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)[OptionsUSDT Options with
limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

Square

[SquareStay informed with everything
crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/feed)[Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by
learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-
earn)[BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest
insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)[ResearchInstitutional-grade
analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

[VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and
institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-
services)[LaunchpadDiscover and gain access to new token
launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)[Mining PoolMine more rewards by
connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)[PaySend, receive and
spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)[LoansGet
an instant loan secured by crypto
assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)[NFTExplore NFTs from creators
worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home?utm_source=binance-
header&utm_medium=header)[Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock
unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)[Web3
WalletMeet the next-generation Web3
wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)[BNB ChainThe most popular
blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)[CharityBlockchain
empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and
traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

TradingView: Binance's trading and charting partner

Access an unparalleled trading experience with the help of supercharged
charting and analytical tools.

[Start
Trading](https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Binance/?utm_source=broker&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=binance&utm_term=start
)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/202308-tradingview/item1_4.png)

Connect and enjoy the benefits

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/202308-tradingview/item2_1_1344x868.png)

Take it to the next level

Unleash your full investing potential with intuitive charts and robust trading
technologies.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/202308-tradingview/item2_2_1344x868.png)

The best of both worlds

Trade Binance Spot and Futures without leaving the TradingView platform.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/202308-tradingview/item3_3_1344x868.png)

Trade with a community

Research thousands of up-to-date community ideas and scripts and never trade
alone again.

Binance on TradingView

Enjoy the market’s leading trading volumes and liquidity, both hedging and
netting modes, and 24/7 Customer Support in more than 40 languages.

[Create
Account](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=tradingviewlanding)

Features

All things trading

Watchlists, crypto screeners, and live news are right next to charts and the
trading panel.

State-of-the-art charts

Highly interactive charts with hundreds of indicators and drawing tools.

Crypto screener

Research crypto with technical and descriptive criteria directly from the
charts.

Strategy tester

Simulate trading and use historical data to test various strategies with
detailed reports.

TradingView desktop app

Enhance your experience with additional features of the powerful desktop
application

Download for Windows

[Download](https://tvd-
packages.tradingview.com/stable/latest/win32/TradingView.msix)

Download for macOS

[Download](https://tvd-
packages.tradingview.com/stable/latest/darwin/TradingView.dmg)

Download for Linux

[Download](https://snapcraft.io/tradingview)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/202308-tradingview/desktop app
v3.svg)

How to connect to TradingView

Step 1

[Create or log
in](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=tradingviewlanding)
to your Binance account.

Step 2

Create or log in your TradingView account.

Step 3

Go to the [Binance
profile](https://www.tradingview.com/broker/Binance/?utm_source=broker&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=binance&utm_term=signup
) on TradingView.

Step 4

Connect the accounts and start trading.

Guides and Related Materials

[How to Use the TradingView Interface to Trade Crypto on Binance
Spot](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/0a394f90023343dab7d8236865bec8fa)[How
to Use the TradingView Interface to Trade Crypto on Binance
Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/5642736316684c548b1ab16fe0e4ced7)[How
to Use TradingView on Binance
Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8419126024404348a1c6e4039fbed3fe)[How
to Set up Signal Trading With
TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/3f57291b56474f5e900cc4b754f61ff3)

FAQs

How do I create a TradingView account?

Go to [TradingView](https://www.tradingview.com), click the member icon in the
top right-hand corner, and then hit the “Sign In” button, choosing your
preferred verification method. Don’t forget to get acquainted with the
[community](https://www.tradingview.com/ideas/editors-picks/),
[news](https://www.tradingview.com/key-events/), and [market
screeners](https://www.tradingview.com/screener/).

What browsers does TradingView support?

TradingView is compatible with all modern browsers and also has both a Desktop
and Mobile app that you can download
[here](https://www.tradingview.com/desktop/).

How do I make deposits and withdrawals?

After connecting to TradingView, all your account transactions – including
deposits and withdrawals – will still be operated by Binance.

What is TradingView's status?

You can find the platform's status in real time on the TradingView [status
page](https://status.tradingview.com/).

What token pairs can I trade on TradingView?

TradingView supports a wide variety of token pairs across multiple exchanges,
including various cryptocurrencies, stablecoins, and fiat currencies. You can
trade popular pairs like BTC/USDT, ETH/USDT, BNB/USDT, as well as many altcoin
pairs. The actual trading pairs available on TradingView will depend on the
data feeds and exchanges you have connected with. To see the full list of
available token pairs, visit the TradingView platform and use the search
functionality or browse through the markets section.

I want to practice trading without risking real money. How can I do it?

You can use the [Paper Trading
feature](https://www.tradingview.com/support/solutions/43000516466-paper-
trading-main-functionality/) on TradingView — specifically designed to execute
simulated trades without risking real money. To practice trading using Paper
Trading, open a chart, then open the Trading Panel and select Paper Trading.
Please note that this type of trading does not reflect the nature of speed and
order execution on an integrated account.

Where can I find tutorials and guides for TradingView?

There are several ways to do that — you can always check the [Help
Center](https://www.tradingview.com/support/) for useful information, or ask
directly for feedback through [Support
tickets](https://www.tradingview.com/support/tickets/). TradingView also
provides a wide array of content on
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@TradingView) to help you out.

How much does it cost?

Integration is completely free; only standard fees and commissions apply. You
can also purchase one of TradingView's [Premium
plans](https://www.tradingview.com/gopro/?source=header_main_menu&feature=pricing)
for advanced traders.

Risk Warning: Digital asset prices are subject to high market risk and price
volatility. The value of your investment may go down or up, and you may not
get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your investment
decisions and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Past
performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should only
invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks.
You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation,
investment objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial
adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed
as financial advice. For more information, see our [Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) and [Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning).

About Us

[About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)[Business
Contacts](https://www.binance.com/en/about#email)[Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)[Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)[News](https://www.binance.com/en/feed/news/all)[Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)[Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)[Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)[Building
Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)[Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)[Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-
legal/privacy-portal)[Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-
warning)[Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)[Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-
region-selector)

Cookie Preferences

Products

[Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)[Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)[Leveraged
Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-
tokens/tokens/allTokens)[TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)[Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)[Charity](https://www.binance.charity)[Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)[Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)[Auto-
Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)[ETH
Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)[Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)[NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)[Pay](https://pay.binance.com/en)[Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-
card)[BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)[Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)

Service

[Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)[Desktop
Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)[Buy
Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)[Institutional & VIP
Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)[OTC
Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)[Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)[Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)[BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)[Listing
Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)[P2P Merchant
Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)[P2Pro Merchant
Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)[Historical Market
Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)[Proof of
Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

Support

[Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-
support/feedback/entry)[Support
Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)[24/7 Chat
Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)[APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-
api)[Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/trading)[Trading
Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)[Binance
Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)[Law Enforcement
Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)[Binance Airdrop
Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)

Learn

[Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)[Browse Crypto
Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)[Bitcoin
Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)[Ethereum
Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)[Browse Crypto Price
Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)[Bitcoin Price
Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)[Ethereum
Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)[Buy
BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)[Buy
Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)[Buy
Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)[Buy
Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)[Buy
Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)[Buy Tradable
Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)

Binance © 2024

