[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2Zyb20tb3VyLWNlby1yaWRpbmctdGhlLXdhdmUtb2YtYml0Y29pbi1pbm5vdmF0aW9uLXRoaXMtaGFsdmluZy1zZWFzb24tNjQyNTMxNTk1NTA5MjUwNDQ3Nj9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sZWFkZXJzaGlwL2Zyb20tb3VyLWNlby1yaWRpbmctdGhlLXdhdmUtb2YtYml0Y29pbi1pbm5vdmF0aW9uLXRoaXMtaGFsdmluZy1zZWFzb24tNjQyNTMxNTk1NTA5MjUwNDQ3Nj9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# From Our CEO: Riding The Wave of Bitcoin Innovation This Halving Season

2024-04-12

[Bitcoin](/blog/tag/bitcoin-3)[Halving](/blog/tag/halving-48)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240411/d9041a69-5e3e-4aae-9007-9ea39b707920.png)

In the digital-asset universe, above all else, this April is the month of the
Bitcoin halving. This year’s halving is unprecedented, not only due to the
significant advancements in layer-2 solutions and new token standards on the
Bitcoin network itself but also because it unfolds against the backdrop of
wider developments shaping the crypto landscape in entirely new ways.

The inflow of interest and capital from recently approved [_spot bitcoin
ETFs_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/spot-bitcoin-etfs-exploring-
potential-impacts-on-the-crypto-landscape-7488010010338549466) has reshaped
the landscape, presenting new opportunities and increased demand. For the
first time in the [_history of
Bitcoin_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/lessons-from-history-a-
retrospective-on-bitcoin-halvings-and-industry-dynamics-6707063417174554717) ,
the asset reached its new all-time high before rather than after the halving.

The recent surge in Bitcoin use cases, exemplified by innovations such as the
rise of inscriptions, signals a broadening of the network’s horizons far
beyond its original design. This technology enables users to embed unique data
and digital artifacts directly onto the Bitcoin blockchain, thereby injecting
a novel dimension into the ecosystem.

Here at Binance, we have always been staunch in our belief in Bitcoin's
potential to revolutionize not only the concept of currency but the digital
realm as a whole. As the halving approaches, I’d like to take the time to
reflect on the deeper significance of the original blockchain, as well as
highlight the many ways in which, throughout our history, we have supported
the Bitcoin ecosystem and facilitated user access to the widest possible range
of Bitcoin features and functionalities – and continue doing so today.

## A History of Embracing Bitcoin Innovation

Binance has always recognized the foundational role the Bitcoin ecosystem
plays in the broader digital-asset landscape. Since our early years, we’ve
made it a point to closely track Bitcoin’s evolution and make sure that our
users have the means to get exposure to and benefit from the innovation
flourishing in the world of the original cryptocurrency.

We are also proud to be contributing to the community by providing avenues for
helping secure the Bitcoin network. We improved miner rewards via Binance
Pool, launched back in 2020, and democratized access for users without
specialized equipment through its Cloud Mining functionality.

Binance fully embraced layer-2 solutions designed to help the Bitcoin network
scale and expand its capabilities. The Binance exchange has supported Stacks –
an L2 powering Bitcoin smart contracts and decentralized applications (DApps)
– since 2020, processing hundreds of transactions daily.

In July 2023, we added support for the Lightning network, which provides a way
around one of Bitcoin’s key limitations and makes BTC suitable for everyday
transactions. Today, we host one of the largest Lightning network nodes,
providing quality connectivity to major Web3 wallets and centralized
exchanges. Every day, Binance users make thousands of Lightning transactions,
which get completed in seconds. At the cost of a few cents per transaction,
this allows users to make BTC micropayments, which are economically unfeasible
on the mainnet.

## Inscribing Future

The upcoming halving brings into focus the innovation flourishing on the
Bitcoin network. This stage of evolution further extends Bitcoin’s utility
beyond currency and store of value, fostering a burgeoning environment for
digital collectibles and assets, akin to what we’ve seen in the NFT space. As
the Bitcoin blockchain evolves, it has the potential to attract a wider
audience — enthusiasts, investors, artists, creators, etc. — each drawn by new
opportunities. To support this innovative shift, we’ve been working hard to
stay at the forefront, preparing for these developments with a suite of
relevant products.

The February 2024 introduction of the [_Inscriptions
Marketplace_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/binance-inscriptions-
marketplace-trade-mint-brc20-and-evm-tokens-in-your-
web3-wallet-3851294983628323395) within our Web3 Wallet, along with support
for fungible BRC-20 and
[_ARC-20_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-integrates-
arc-20-tokens-on-inscriptions-marketplace-enjoy-zero-fee-trading-on-
arc-20-tokens-now-3c20f8b856964e3db614de1ac86812c3) tokens inscribed on the
Bitcoin network, Taproot addresses, and unspent transaction output (UTXO)
management, underscores our commitment to supporting the burgeoning Bitcoin
ecosystem that has sprung into existence, and providing users with the tools
they need to explore these developments. Today, Binance’s Web3 Wallet is among
the few multi-chain wallets supporting both ARC-20 and BRC-20 inscriptions.

Overall, our Inscriptions Marketplace simplifies trading, minting, and
managing inscription assets directly in the Binance App. Key features of the
marketplace include support for over 60,000 popular BRC-20 tokens and one-
click transfers between the exchange and Web3 Wallet.

## Navigating the Future With Confidence

As we fine-tune our product suite to align with the dynamic pulse of Bitcoin,
we will, of course, never neglect the basics: always providing the deepest
liquidity and lowest slippage we can, and ensuring optimal BTC trades for all
our users.

Whatever this historical halving brings, Binance will continue to support the
latest developments in the space, providing our users with a convenient,
secure, and innovative experience. As the Bitcoin landscape expands and
diversifies, we remain focused on our users and helping them ride the wave of
digital-asset innovation. After this halving, or the next, we’ll always keep
building.

## Further Reading

  * [ _A Letter From Our CEO: My First 100 Days Leading Binance_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-our-ceo/a-letter-from-our-ceo-my-first-100-days-leading-binance-6098215234509961325)

  * [ _Lessons From History: A Retrospective on Bitcoin Halvings and Industry Dynamics_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/lessons-from-history-a-retrospective-on-bitcoin-halvings-and-industry-dynamics-6707063417174554717)

  * [ _Decoding Bitcoin Halving: Understanding the Deflationary Shift_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/decoding-bitcoin-halving-understanding-the-deflationary-shift-9004915880936630526)

194,777,349 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

From Our CEO: Riding The Wave of Bitcoin Innovation This Halving Season

A History of Embracing Bitcoin Innovation

Inscribing Future

Navigating the Future With Confidence

Further Reading

194,777,349 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

