Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# View from Africa: Appetite for digital assets keeps growing steadily

In March 2023, Metaco attended The Network Forum South Africa in Johannesburg,
where leading custody, settlement and post-trade industry experts shared their
insights into what is happening in the institutional digital asset market. The
overarching conclusion of the various discussions: despite the challenging
headwinds facing the asset class, institutional and retail investor appetite
for digital assets across the spectrum is holding up.

  * __ May 1, 2023
  *  __9 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-network-forum-africa-institutional-digital-assets%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-network-forum-africa-institutional-digital-assets%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

### Crypto currencies demonstrate their resilience

Culminating in the shock collapse of FTX – once considered to be an industry
leading crypto-exchange – 2022 was not a great year for crypto currencies.
FTX’s sudden demise followed a succession of failures at several crypto
lenders and crypto hedge funds, in addition to the blow up of the TerraUSD
stablecoin. Despite more recent events – namely the collapse of three high
profile crypto-lenders – Silicon Valley Bank (SVB), Signature Bank and
Silvergate Bank –, and US SEC’s crackdown on world’s largest crypto exchanges
Coinbase and Binance, crypto-currencies are actually thriving, with Bitcoin
having rallied c. 60% this year alone. Bitcoin’s resilience is demonstrable
proof that crypto currencies could be a safe haven asset during bouts of
volatility – especially as concerns mount about the health of the banking
system following the hastily arranged marriage between UBS and Credit Suisse.

Zooming in on Africa, interest in crypto currencies among retail investors has
been buoyant especially in South Africa, Kenya and Nigeria. In addition to
providing retail investors with new sources of returns, experts at [The
Network Forum Africa Meeting](https://www.thenetworkforum.net/africa2023) said
that **many people on the continent are increasingly leveraging crypto
currencies to make cross-border remittances and payments** , as they are more
frictionless than traditional channels.

> There is strong demand from retail clients for digital assets, including
> crypto currencies. In time, I anticipate institutional investors – including
> pension funds and asset managers – will increasingly want to participate in
> the market.

said [Bradley Johnson](https://www.linkedin.com/in/brad-l-johnson/), Sales
Director, Africa at Metaco.

### Other digital assets start to gather momentum in Africa

Beyond crypto currencies, asset tokenization is also gathering traction, with
the experts at the conference anticipating the market could eventually reach
$350 trillion in size in the near-term. Through tokenization, assets –
including regulated traditional securities (equities, bonds) and illiquid
financial instruments (i.e. real estate, private equity funds, commodities,
fine wines, etc. ) can be digitalized and fractionalized on distributed
ledgers, making them cheaper for retail investors to buy. In African markets
where financial inclusion is limited, asset tokenization could help
democratize investment. This, according to the experts present at The Network
Forum, **could provide a liquidity boost in markets which have previously been
illiquid.**

Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDCs) were also discussed at length during
the event. Within Africa, Nigeria has already launched its own proprietary
CBDC – the [eNaira](https://enaira.gov.ng/) – while South Africa and Ghana are
also piloting their own CBDCs. So what are the benefits of CBDCs? Retail CBDCs
could help reduce the cost of transferring money overseas, while wholesale
CBDCs have the potential to expedite cross-border trade settlements, and may
even one day facilitate atomic settlement. Citing the work being done by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), an African-based regulator speaking at
TNF said that some authorities are exploring the idea of purpose bound money
(PBM), a concept whereby retail CBDCs have in-built restrictions limiting how
they can be spent by individuals. The regulator warned PBMs could prove
divisive though. For instance, the regulator said that while a social grant
paid out in PBMs could be programmed to prevent individuals from buying
alcohol or illicit goods, such mechanisms risked facilitating
authoritarianism.

### The pivot to strong counter-parties

Recent events are likely to shore up the position of global banks, as they
increasingly lend to innovative and promising technology start-up companies,
according to Metaco’s Bradley Johnson. The respective failures of SVB,
Signature Bank and Silvergate Bank have since sparked a flood of deposits into
major financial institutions. For example, the decision by HSBC to acquire the
UK arm of SVB has subsequently led to SVB UK’s deposit base swelling to about
£7 billion, as clients increasingly park assets in institutions they perceive
to be safe. He added:

> The run on these banks, whose client base comprised mostly of technology and
> crypto companies, is an opportunity for established financial institutions
> with big balance sheets, who are also our main clients, to move in more
> aggressively and start offering services to start-up technology companies.

As more institutional clients slowly start building up their exposures to
digital assets, they are increasingly looking to traditional financial
institutions  for support. Having witnessed a number of crises and high-
profile hacks unfold at various crypto exchanges, many investors do not want
to safekeep their private keys at with said venues which they perceive to be
unregulated or badly risk managed. A [study by Fidelity Digital
Assets](https://www.fidelitydigitalassets.com/research-and-
insights/2022-institutional-investor-digital-assets-study), for instance,
found that 35% of institutional investors said that security concerns were the
biggest obstacle preventing them from trading digital assets. Accordingly,
some traditional custodians are starting to enter the market.

> More global banks are starting to leverage their brands to offer digital
> asset services including custody.

continued Johnson.

Traditional banks are in a strategically strong position to assist clients who
are looking to trade digital assets. Firstly, major banks have the added
advantage in that they can cater to clients who are trading both traditional
securities and digital assets. At a time when margins are being squeezed, some
clients will be reluctant to appoint different providers to service their
traditional and digital asset portfolios, preferring a consolidated solution
instead. However, banks do face some challenges. Although **banks can
potentially offer excellent security when custodying digital assets, this
cannot come at the expense of agility** , a traditional strength of the fin-
techs. However, some banks are finding themselves in a dilemma as to whether
they build the technology stack to service digital assets themselves, or bring
in external help. Increasingly, banks are looking to leverage the best of both
worlds by engaging with technology firms which have extensive experience
supporting digital assets.

### Regulation of digital assets starts to take shape

Without intelligent and proportionate regulation, the digital asset market
will struggle to take off.

> The digital asset markets which are thriving are the ones where there are
> solid regulations in place. These include the EU – which has introduced MiCA
> (Markets in Crypto Assets Regulation) – together with Germany, Switzerland
> and Singapore,”

said Johnson.

South Africa has followed suit by introducing regulations, partly in response
to two high-profile scams which originated in the country. One speaker at TNF
stressed that the push to regulate digital assets in South Africa was
primarily driven by the need to protect retail investors, but also by mounting
concerns about the growing interconnectedness between the digital asset
marketplace and the traditional financial system. South Africa has adopted
rules similar to other markets, especially the EU.

So what is South Africa doing exactly? The Financial Sector Conduct Authority
(FSCA) has said that crypto assets will now be classified as being financial
products, while companies that trade digital assets will be required to obtain
a license from June 2023. Additionally, these rules will also apply to firms
which provide advice or intermediary services to market participants
transacting digital assets.

One expert noted that while South Africa is bringing in more supervision of
digital assets and their service providers, it is not attempting to regulate
the underlying technology underpinning these assets.

> “In response, more tier one banks are now turning to external technology
> platforms such as Metaco, which have the infrastructure and expertise to
> help custodians go to market with digital asset custody solutions in a way
> that is fast, safe and compliant.”

### Where do digital assets go from here?

Appetite for digital assets throughout Africa has grown over the last few
years. However, if the market is to become mainstream and institutional, then
it needs to be buttressed by strong banking service providers and robust
regulations. Without these, digital assets will struggle to reach their full
potential.

[Learn more about The Network Forum
events](https://www.thenetworkforum.net/home/events "Learn more about The
Network Forum events")

## **Meet us at TNF Annual Meeting in Athens, 20-22 June 2023** and let's
build new market infrastructure together

Find out how leading top-tier global custodians, sub-custodians and banks are
building a digital asset custody business on top of Metaco Harmonize™.

[Get in touch](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Get in touch")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

