[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# Gaming Infrastructure Part 3: Benefits of Building Games On-Chain

![Dev Bharel](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/Group-9777-2.png)

###### Dev Bharel

![Shanav K Mehta](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/avarat-7.png)

###### Shanav K Mehta

[Gaming](/writing/gaming/)[Research](/writing/research/)[Infrastructure](/writing/infrastructure/)

Jan 11 2023 _ 4 min read

![Gaming Infrastructure Part 3: Benefits of Building Games On-
Chain](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/01/Benefits-of-
Building-Games-On-Chain-Blog.png)

## Overview

In the last piece, we proposed a framework for building games on-chain called
ARC. Before diving into the intricacies of ARC, it makes sense to take a step
back and make the case for building games on-chain in the first place. There
has been warranted skepticism among both the gaming and crypto communities
around the virtue of having any part of a game state stored on-chain, in the
wake of the hyper-financialized first versions of on-chain games.

In this piece, we argue that the unique constraints and properties of
decentralized network deployment open up an interesting set of game design
primitives that lend themselves to both newer experiences within existing game
loops and new genres of games. Some of the arguments are extensions of the
well-documented arguments around verifiable ownership and asset
programmability, while others explore novel benefits of on-chain game state.
Here we explore the achievable outcomes and benefits for both fully on-chain
games and on-chain asset layers.

_Note: All benefits of on-chain assets covered in this piece extend to fully
on-chain games, but the benefits of fully on-chain games do not necessarily
extend to games supporting only on-chain assets._

## Benefits of On-Chain Assets

### Player Driven Economies

This is an extension of the original asset ownership argument that has been
around since the inception of Ethereum. Think World of Warcraft but without
assets being stored on Blizzard’s centralized servers. In an MMORPG, you could
verify exactly the rarity of items and their mint rate in the world, without
worrying about the existence of large stacks of these items in treasuries of
companies or players that might devalue them.

### Composability

By placing games in an open context, such as a blockchain, you allow for
different games and projects to lean on one another. For example, a group of
game devs could decide to use the same “player profile” or avatar and have a
variety of different games in which the player levels up and have that be
reflected throughout all the games within their collection because of open
read/write permissions. You could also permissionlessly use another game’s
state (for example if you’re someone who’s gotten a ‘legendary’ status in Game
1, you could unlock hidden areas in your game. This kind of composability is
exciting because it opens up the doors for _decentralized publishers_ where
the lore of a universe could be maintained by a group of _independent_ game
developers that each have their own instance of the lore, and all changes to
lore or standards be proposed and voted on by the game devs that produce games
themselves (maybe gated by how well their games do).

### Potential for UGC (User Generated Content)

This is an extension of the composability argument, but when game assets live
on-chain there is a degree of permissionlessness around who can build around
them. In traditional gaming, there are a handful of environments like Roblox
that enable and encourage UGC. Most other platforms are built around walled
gardens where assets are built and maintained by the game creator. Having a
games asset layer built in an open source manner with user-level ownership
increases the potential to create user-generated game loops around those
assets. From the game developer’s perspective, this increases distribution
that could feed back into the original game loop, and from the users’
perspective, this creates more playable loops. This opportunity is compounded
in fully on-chain games when the original game’s rule set and code base is
open sourced.

## Additional benefits of fully on-chain games

### Serverless, Continuous Deployment

This is a huge boon for developers that alleviates operational concerns
related to server scalability, and maintenance. By pushing all server logic to
a decentralized consensus, developers can just build the game and deploy it.
Players can play it long after developers are gone, with the game scaling to
as many operations as permitted by the underlying blockchain. This solves a
problem that is fairly persistent with traditional multiplayer games with
centrally hosted servers that are often shut down a few years after launch.

### Autonomous Worlds

You _can_ (not necessarily _must_) have separation between the game deployment
and its maintenance. After a creator develops a set of rules, governance over
those rules can be delegated to the players, allowing for infinite growth
potential as players grow and maintain it. If a developer proposes a new rule
the player base is not a fan of, they could theoretically continue playing
with the old rules instead.

### Verifiably Secure State Transitions

Using advanced cryptography techniques like zero-knowledge proofs, one can
prove things like: “I made a valid set of moves” without revealing the moves
themselves. This is a valuable property for fully on-chain games that, by
virtue, do not want to have a central authority that keeps track of and
attests to game state but need to maintain knowledge siloes around player
moves in order to operate. An interesting case study of a game that uses this
property is Dark Forest, an entirely on-chain RTS. It’s a simple game to
learn, but all the moves made in the game are published to a public ledger to
provide anonymity to the moves.

## Conclusion

Having game loops, or even game assets, live on-chain extends meaningful
benefits to developers and users. Ultimately, the decision matrix for game
developers will be informed by the tradeoffs in user experience required to
attain these benefits. Today, this cost is substantial with the current state
of infrastructure.

In the next article, we will discuss the infrastructure that might be required
in addition to an ARC-based games backend to create a user experience that is
similar to that of traditional games.

Share

![](/static/subscribe2-825809a798c6960f978785c6581f4afb.svg)

#### Stay up to date with the latest from Jump_

​

.Subscribe

#### More articles

![SAFU: Creating a Standard for Whitehats](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2022/10/Standards-for-Whitehats-Thread---
blog.png)SAFU: Creating a Standard for WhitehatsWhitehats and DeFi protocols
need a shared understanding of security policy. We propose the SAFU - Simple
Arrangement for Funding Upload - as a versatile and credible way to let
whitehats know what to...](/writing/safu-creating-a-standard-for-whitehats/)

Oct 24 2022 _ 17 min

Share

[![Huckleberry: IBC Event Hallucinations](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/09/New-Blog-Post.png)Huckleberry: IBC Event
HallucinationsThis blog post describes a vulnerability in ibc-go, the
reference implementation of the Interblockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)
used by most Cosmos blockchains](/writing/huckleberry-ibc-event-
hallucinations/)

Sep 06 2023 _ 4 min

Share

[![Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption
Potential](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---
Mapping-Markets_-Evaluating-Blockchain-s-Mass-Adoption-Potential.png)Mapping
Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption PotentialIn this post, we
propose a geographically-oriented framework, which we call “Pueyo Maps”
(inspired by Tomas Pueyo’s geo-history), as a way of evaluating the long-term
suitability of blockchain-based s...](/writing/mapping-markets-blockchain-
mass-adoption-potential/)

Jun 05 2023 _ 20 min

Share

Disclaimer

The information on this website and on the Brick by Brick podcast or Ship Show
Twitter spaces is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment
purposes only.  This information is not intended to be and does not constitute
financial advice, investment advice, trading advice, or any other type of
advice.  You should not make any decision – financial, investment, trading or
otherwise – based on any of the information presented here without undertaking
your own due diligence and consulting with a financial adviser.  Trading,
including that of digital assets or cryptocurrency, has potential rewards as
well as potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all
individuals. Recordings of podcast episodes or Twitter spaces events may be
used in the future.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

