Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Froadmap-hub-
hero.279a4e9e.jpg&w=1920&q=75)

# Ethereum roadmap

The path to more scalability, security and sustainability for Ethereum.

Roadmap Options

[Roadmap home](/en/roadmap/)[Better
security](/en/roadmap/security/)[Scaling](/en/roadmap/scaling/)[Better user
experience](/en/roadmap/user-experience/)[Future-proofing](/en/roadmap/future-
proofing/)

## On this page

  * What changes are coming to Ethereum?
  * Why does Ethereum need a roadmap?
  * Will Ethereum's roadmap change over time?
  * When will the roadmap be finished?
  * Do I have to do anything when there is an upgrade?
  * What about The Verge, The Splurge, etc?
  * What about sharding?
  * Looking for specific technical upgrades?

Ethereum is already a powerful platform for global coordination, but it is
still being improved. An ambitious set of improvements will upgrade Ethereum
from its current form into a fully scaled, maximally resilient platform. These
upgrades are laid out in the Ethereum roadmap.

**To learn about previous upgrades to Ethereum, please visit
our[History](/en/history/) page**

## What changes are coming to Ethereum?

The Ethereum roadmap outlines the specific improvements that will be made to
protocol in the future. Overall, the roadmap will bring the following benefits
to Ethereum users:

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Froadmap-
transactions.e49315b0.png&w=1920&q=75)

### Cheaper transactions

Rollups are too expensive and rely on centralized components, causing users to
place too much trust in their operators. The roadmap includes fixes for both
of these problems.

[More on reducing fees](/en/roadmap/scaling/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Froadmap-
security.37e62d4e.png&w=1920&q=75)

### Extra security

Ethereum is already very secure but it can be made even stronger, ready to
withstand all kinds of attack far into the future.

[More on security](/en/roadmap/security/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Froadmap-
ux.0dc0159f.png&w=1920&q=75)

### Better user experience

More support for smart contract wallets and light-weight nodes will make using
Ethereum simpler and safer.

[More on user experience](/en/roadmap/user-experience/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Froadmap-
future.5a1f8dba.png&w=1920&q=75)

### Future proofing

Ethereum researchers and developers are solving tomorrow's problems today,
readying the network for future generations.

[More on future proofing](/en/roadmap/future-proofing/)

## Why does Ethereum need a roadmap?

Ethereum gets regular upgrades that enhance its scalability, security, or
sustainability. One of Ethereum's core strengths is adapting as new ideas
emerge from research and development. Adaptability gives Ethereum the
flexibility to tackle emerging challenges and keep up with the most advanced
technological breakthroughs.

### How the roadmap is defined

The roadmap is mostly the result of years of work by researchers and
developers - because the protocol is very technical - but any motivated person
can participate. Ideas usually start off as discussions on a forum such as
[ethresear.ch(opens in a new tab)](https://ethresear.ch/), [Ethereum
Magicians(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-magicians.org/) or the Eth R&D
discord server. They may be responses to new vulnerabilities that are
discovered, suggestions from organizations working in the application layer
(such as _dapps_ and exchanges) or from known frictions for end users (such as
costs or transaction speeds). When these ideas mature, they can be proposed as
[Ethereum Improvement Proposals(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/). This is all done in public so that anyone
from the community can weigh in at any time.

[More on Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

![Ethereum
Wallet](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwallet.454231ba.png&w=750&q=75)

#### What was ETH2?

The term 'Eth2' was commonly used to describe the future of Ethereum before
the switch to _proof-of-stake_ but it was **phased out in favor of more
precise terminology.** It was originally used to differentiate the Ethereum
network before the switch to proof-of-stake and the network after, or
sometimes to refer to the different Ethereum clients (_execution clients_ were
sometimes referred to as ETH1 clients and _consensus clients_ were sometimes
referred to as ETH2 clients).

## Will Ethereum's roadmap change over time?

**Yes—almost definitely**. The roadmap is the current plan for upgrading
Ethereum, covering both near-term and future plans. We expect the roadmap to
change as new information and technology become available.

Think of Ethereum's roadmap as a set of intentions for improving Ethereum; it
is the core researchers' and developers' best hypothesize of Ethereum's most
optimal path forward.

## When will the roadmap be finished?

Some upgrades are lower priority and likely not to be implemented for the next
5-10 years (e.g. quantum resistance). **Giving precise timing of each upgrade
is complicated to predict** as many roadmap items are worked on in parallel
and developed at different speeds. The urgency of an upgrade can also change
over time depending on external factors (e.g. a sudden leap in the performance
and availability of quantum computers may make quantum-resistant cryptography
more urgent).

One way to think about Ethereum development is by analogy to biological
evolution. A network that is able to adapt to new challenges and maintain
fitness is more likely to succeed that one that is resistant to change,
although as the network becomes more and more performant, scalable and secure
fewer changes to the protocol will be required.

## Do I have to do anything when there is an upgrade?

Upgrades tend not to impact end-users except by providing better user-
experiences and a more secure protocol and perhaps more _options_ for how to
interact with Ethereum. **Regular users are not required to actively
participate in an upgrade, nor are they required to do anything** to secure
their assets. _Node_ operators will need to update their clients to prepare
for an upgrade. Some upgrades may lead to changes for application developers.
For example, history expiry upgrades may lead application developers to grab
historical data from new sources.

## What about The Verge, The Splurge, etc?

[Vitalik Buterin proposed a vision for the Ethereum roadmap(opens in a new
tab)](https://twitter.com/VitalikButerin/status/1741190491578810445) that was
organized into several categories linked by their effects on Ethereum's
architecture. It included:

  * **The Merge** : upgrades relating to the switch from _proof-of-work_ to _proof-of-stake_
  * **The Surge** : upgrades related to scalability by _rollups_ and data sharding
  * **The Scourge** : upgrades related to censorship resistance, decentralization and protocol risks from _MEV_
  * **The Verge** : upgrades related to verifying _blocks_ more easily
  * **The Purge** : upgrades related to reducing the computational costs of running nodes and simplifying the protocol
  * **The Splurge** : other upgrades that don't fit well into the previous categories.

We decided not to use this terminology because we wanted to use a simpler and
more user-centric model. Although we use user-centric language, the vision
remains the same as the one proposed by Vitalik.

## What about sharding?

Sharding is splitting up the Ethereum blockchain so that subsets of
_validators_ are only responsible for a fraction of the total data. This was
originally intended to be the way for Ethereum to scale. However, _layer 2_
rollups have developed much faster than expected and have provided a lot of
scaling already, and will provide much more after Proto-Danksharding is
implemented. This means "shard chains" are no longer needed and have been
dropped from the roadmap.

## Looking for specific technical upgrades?

  * [Danksharding](/en/roadmap/danksharding/) \- Danksharding makes layer 2 rollups much cheaper for users by adding “blobs” of data to Ethereum blocks.
  * [Staking withdrawals](/en/staking/withdrawals/) \- The Shanghai/Capella upgrade enabled staking withdrawals on Ethereum, allowing people to unlock their staked ETH.
  * [Single slot finality](/en/roadmap/single-slot-finality/) \- Instead of waiting for fifteen minutes, blocks could get proposed and finalized in the same slot. This is more convenient for apps and much more difficult to attack.
  * [Proposer-builder separation](/en/roadmap/pbs/) \- Splitting the block building and block proposal tasks across separate validators creates a fairer, more censorship resistant and efficient way for Ethereum to come to consensus.
  * [Secret leader election](/en/roadmap/secret-leader-election/) \- Clever cryptography can be used to ensure that the identity of the current block proposer is not made public, protecting them from certain types of attack.
  * [Account abstraction](/en/roadmap/account-abstraction/) \- Account abstraction is a class of upgrades that support smart contract wallets natively on Ethereum, rather than having to use complex middleware.
  * [Verkle trees](/en/roadmap/verkle-trees/) \- Verkle trees are a data structure that can be used to enable stateless clients on Ethereum. These “stateless” clients will require a tiny amount of storage space but will still be able to verify new blocks.
  * [Statelessness](/en/roadmap/statelessness/) \- Stateless clients will be able to verify new blocks without having to store large amounts of data. This will provide all the benefits of running a node with only a tiny fraction of today’s costs.

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Roadmap Options

[Roadmap home](/en/roadmap/)[Better
security](/en/roadmap/security/)[Scaling](/en/roadmap/scaling/)[Better user
experience](/en/roadmap/user-experience/)[Future-proofing](/en/roadmap/future-
proofing/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Dapp

A dApp is a decentralized application that runs on a blockchain network,
offering services without a central controlling authority. [More on
decentralized applications](/en/dapps/).

### Proof-of-stake (PoS)

A method by which a cryptocurrency blockchain protocol aims to achieve
distributed [consensus](/en/glossary/#consensus). PoS asks users to prove
ownership of a certain amount of cryptocurrency (their "stake" in the network)
in order to be able to participate in the validation of transactions. [More on
proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/).

### Execution client

Execution clients (formerly known as "Eth1 clients"), such as Besu, Erigon,
Go-Ethereum (Geth), Nethermind, are tasked with processing and broadcasting
transactions and managing Ethereum's state. They run the computations for each
transaction using the [Ethereum Virtual Machine](/en/glossary/#evm) to ensure
that the rules of the protocol are followed.

### Consensus client

Consensus clients (such as Prysm, Teku, Nimbus, Lighthouse, Lodestar) run
Ethereum's [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos) consensus algorithm allowing
the network to reach agreement about the head of the Beacon Chain. Consensus
clients do not participate in validating/broadcasting transactions or
executing state transitions. This is done by [execution
clients](/en/glossary/#execution-client). Consensus clients do not attest to,
or propose new blocks. This is done by the [validator
client](/en/glossary/#validator) which is an optional add-on to the consensus
client.

### Node

A software client that participates in the network. [More on nodes and
clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/).

### Proof-of-work (PoW)

A security mechanism for blockchains that requires nodes to expend energy in
the form of computation to find a certain value.

### Proof-of-stake (PoS)

A method by which a cryptocurrency blockchain protocol aims to achieve
distributed [consensus](/en/glossary/#consensus). PoS asks users to prove
ownership of a certain amount of cryptocurrency (their "stake" in the network)
in order to be able to participate in the validation of transactions. [More on
proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/).

### Rollups

A type of [layer 2](/en/glossary/#layer-2) scaling solution that batches
multiple transactions and submits them to [the Ethereum main
chain](/en/glossary/#mainnet) in a single transaction. This allows for
reductions in [gas](/en/glossary/#gas) costs and increases in
[transaction](/en/glossary/#transaction) throughput. There are Optimistic and
Zero-knowledge rollups which use different security methods to offer these
scalability gains. [More on rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/#rollups).

### MEV

A mechanism prioritizing certain actions on a blockchain for a fee,
influencing outcomes and the order of transactions.

### Block

A block is where transactions or digital actions are stored. Once a block is
full, it gets linked to the previous one, creating a chain of blocks or a
"blockchain". [More on blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/).

### Validator

A [node](/en/glossary/#node) in a [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos) system
responsible for storing data, processing transactions, and adding new blocks
to the blockchain. To activate validator software, you need to be able to
[stake](/en/glossary/#staking) 32 ETH. [More on staking in
Ethereum](/en/staking/).

### Layer 2

Layer 2s are another networks built on top of Ethereum main network to make
transactions faster and cheaper. [More on layer 2](/en/layer-2/).

