  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[Proto-Danksharding: Ethereum's Move Toward Scalability](/blog/proto-
danksharding-ethereum-move-toward-scalability)

##### Blockchain

# Proto-Danksharding: Ethereum's Move Toward Scalability

Published on: Feb 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Buy, Sell, Swap, Stake Ethereum with Trust Wallet**
  * **The Genesis of Proto-Danksharding**
  * **Ensuring Security and Integrity**
  * **The Road to Danksharding**

##### In Brief

Explore Proto-Danksharding's role in Ethereum's evolution, aiming to slash
Layer 2 transaction fees and achieve over 100,000 TPS, preparing for
Danksharding.

![Proto-Danksharding: Ethereum's Move Toward
Scalability](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fproto_danksharding_888a0c1423.png&w=3840&q=75)

Ethereum, renowned as the second-largest blockchain network by market
capitalization, is undergoing a significant transformation with the
integration of Proto-Danksharding. This pivotal upgrade represents a
monumental stride in Ethereum's journey towards scalability. Proto-
Danksharding is designed to fundamentally enhance the network's capacity,
paving the way for [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) to
efficiently handle over 100,000 transactions per second.

By dramatically reducing transaction costs on Layer 2 solutions, it sets the
foundation for a more accessible, faster, and cost-efficient ecosystem,
ensuring Ethereum's position as a leading platform for decentralized
applications and smart contracts. This development is crucial for the
blockchain's evolution, promising to expand its utility and adoption across a
broader spectrum of industries and applications.

## Buy, Sell, Swap, Stake Ethereum with Trust Wallet

Before we continue, remember that you can leverage your Ethereum assets using
a secure [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet), such as
Trust Wallet. Seamlessly [buy](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), sell,
[swap](https://trustwallet.com/swap), and
[stake](https://trustwallet.com/staking) via our trusted partners. Trust
Wallet also supports 10M+ assets including ERC20 tokens, and assets across
100+ blockchains including EVM networks.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## The Genesis of Proto-Danksharding

Proto-Danksharding, encapsulated in Ethereum Improvement Proposal (EIP) 4844,
represents a critical intermediate step towards the broader vision of
Danksharding. Conceived by researchers Protolambda and Dankrad Feist, Proto-
Danksharding aims to address a fundamental bottleneck in Ethereum's
architecture: the high cost of transactions on Layer 2 solutions, such as
rollups.

![proto-danksharding-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fproto_danksharding_2_ca29e19fd6.png&w=3840&q=75)

Traditionally, rollups have relied on CALLDATA to post transactions on
Ethereum. This method, while effective, incurs significant costs due to the
data being processed by all Ethereum nodes and stored indefinitely on the
blockchain. Proto-Danksharding introduces an elegant solution: data blobs.
These blobs allow rollups to attach data to blocks at a fraction of the
current cost, without being directly accessible by the Ethereum Virtual
Machine (EVM) and automatically expiring after a predetermined period (1-3
months).

### The Role of Blobs

The introduction of blobs is a game-changer for rollups, enabling them to
drastically reduce the cost of user transactions. By bypassing the expensive
CALLDATA method, rollups can now operate more efficiently, passing on the
savings to end-users in the form of cheaper transaction fees. This not only
enhances user experience but also encourages wider adoption of Ethereum's
Layer 2 solutions.

The introduction of data blobs as part of Ethereum's Proto-Danksharding update
represents a significant adjustment in how transaction data is managed,
particularly affecting rollups in Ethereum's Layer 2 scaling solutions. Blobs
allow for the storage of large chunks of transaction data outside of the
traditional CALLDATA field, presenting an alternative that could reduce the
cost associated with transactions. This approach is expected to lower the
operational costs for rollups by providing a more efficient method for
handling data, which could, in turn, lead to reduced transaction fees for end-
users.

The implications of integrating blobs into Ethereum's infrastructure include
the potential for increased adoption of Layer 2 solutions, as the reduced
costs could make these platforms more appealing to a wider range of users and
developers. This change aims to support the scalability and efficiency of the
Ethereum network by offering a method that could handle transaction data more
economically without compromising the network's integrity. By facilitating a
more cost-effective solution for data management on Ethereum, blobs are
anticipated to play a crucial role in the ongoing development and optimization
of the network's scaling capabilities.

## Ensuring Security and Integrity

Ensuring the security and integrity of transactions within the Ethereum
network is paramount, especially as it evolves to accommodate a higher volume
of transactions through innovative updates like Proto-Danksharding. A key
challenge in this evolution is the incorporation of new data structures, such
as blobs, which are essential for increasing throughput but pose potential
risks to the network's security and integrity.

Proto-Danksharding addresses these concerns head-on by implementing a robust
verification mechanism that relies on polynomial commitments to the data
contained within these blobs. This sophisticated approach enables the network
to efficiently and effectively verify transactions, ensuring that the
integrity and security of the system are upheld even as it scales.

The cornerstone of this verification mechanism is the Kate-Zaverucha-Goldberg
(KZG) polynomial commitment scheme, a cutting-edge cryptographic technique
that offers a balance between security and efficiency. The KZG scheme is
renowned for its ability to provide succinct proofs for polynomial
evaluations, making it particularly well-suited for blockchain applications
where bandwidth and computational resources are at a premium.

By leveraging the KZG scheme, Proto-Danksharding ensures that each transaction
can be verified with minimal computational overhead, without sacrificing the
security of the network. This method not only streamlines the verification
process but also significantly reduces the potential for fraudulent activities
within the network.

Furthermore, the implementation of polynomial commitments through the KZG
scheme enhances the overall integrity of the Ethereum blockchain. It ensures
that all transactions are accurately recorded and verifiable, fostering a
transparent and trustworthy environment for users and developers alike. This
level of security and integrity is crucial for the widespread adoption and
success of Ethereum as it continues to pioneer the development of
decentralized applications and smart contract technology.

In summary, the introduction of Proto-Danksharding, with its emphasis on
maintaining security and integrity through advanced cryptographic techniques
like the KZG polynomial commitment scheme, represents a significant milestone
in Ethereum's ongoing quest for scalability and efficiency. It underscores the
blockchain's commitment to providing a secure, reliable, and high-performing
platform for the future of decentralized finance and beyond.

## The Road to Danksharding

While Proto-Danksharding lays the groundwork, the ultimate goal is the full
implementation of Danksharding. This final stage will dramatically increase
Ethereum's capacity for rollups, allowing for the attachment of up to 64 blobs
per block. Danksharding requires significant updates to consensus client
operations, including proposer-builder separation and data availability
sampling, already part of Ethereum's roadmap for other enhancements.

![proto-danksharding-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fproto_danksharding_1_6c46280e6b.png&w=3840&q=75)

The anticipation for Proto-Danksharding is palpable, marking a critical step
towards Ethereum's vision of a scalable, efficient, and user-friendly
blockchain. Full Danksharding remains a few years away, but the progress
towards Proto-Danksharding signals a significant milestone in Ethereum's
ongoing evolution. As these upgrades come to fruition, Ethereum stands to
redefine the landscape of blockchain scalability, opening new possibilities
for developers, users, and the broader ecosystem.

For more detailed insights and updates on Proto-Danksharding and Danksharding,
following Ethereum's development forums and the contributions of key
researchers like Vitalik Buterin and Dankrad Feist is recommended. Their work
not only illuminates the technical intricacies of these upgrades but also
highlights the collaborative spirit driving Ethereum towards a future of
unparalleled scalability and innovation.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

