[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ oracles ](/oracles)

## Bridge the blockchain and the real world with the oracles we support

Everstake runs its own oracle nodes for high-grade blockchains to feed data
from the real world to dApps and back again. Our expertise and equipment allow
us to securely validate the transmissions to ensure the honesty, efficiency,
and high latency of data exchanges.

Everstake works

in top-grade

protocols

explore below

#### Providing Secure Computation for the Industry-Standard Oracle Network

Chainlink delivers accurate, reliable, and tamper-proof data and computation
to various blockchain networks to be consumed by Web3 applications. These Web3
services are powered by a vast network of oracle nodes run and maintained by
globally distributed validators. Everstake deployed its own oracle nodes for
Chainlink to help enable greater security and end-to-end decentralization
across the entire Web3 ecosystem.

Everstake has been running a Chainlink node since 2019.

[Learn more about chainlink ](https://chain.link)

#### Providing Secure Computation for the Industry-Standard Oracle Network

Chainlink delivers accurate, reliable, and tamper-proof data and computation
to various blockchain networks to be consumed by Web3 applications. These Web3
services are powered by a vast network of oracle nodes run and maintained by
globally distributed validators. Everstake deployed its own oracle nodes for
Chainlink to help enable greater security and end-to-end decentralization
across the entire Web3 ecosystem.

Everstake has been running a Chainlink node since 2019.

[Learn more about chainlink ](https://chain.link)

#### ENSURING RELIABLE DATA STREAMS FOR A HIGH-SPEED ORACLE SOLUTION

Pyth network is an oracle that unlocks once-exclusive financial markets data
and makes it available for DeFi and the general public. Pyth offers a unique
way of network interaction: delegators determine the impact a data publisher
has on the overall value, and therefore its price, and earn price feeds for
their contribution. Thus, the system is governed in an efficient and
decentralized way.

Data feeds used on Pyth are also unique. They come from first-party industry-
grade sources and are protected by confidence intervals. Everstake has been
working with Pyth **since 2022**.

[learn more about pyth ](https://pyth.network)

#### ENSURING RELIABLE DATA STREAMS FOR A HIGH-SPEED ORACLE SOLUTION

Pyth network is an oracle that unlocks once-exclusive financial markets data
and makes it available for DeFi and the general public. Pyth offers a unique
way of network interaction: delegators determine the impact a data publisher
has on the overall value, and therefore its price, and earn price feeds for
their contribution. Thus, the system is governed in an efficient and
decentralized way.

Data feeds used on Pyth are also unique. They come from first-party industry-
grade sources and are protected by confidence intervals. Everstake has been
working with Pyth **since 2022**.

[learn more about pyth ](https://pyth.network)

## Want to start partnership?

## Let’s talk!

Everstake’s Business Development team is always in search of new ways to be
useful to our partners and exceed their expectations.

[Book a Call ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

## faq

###  What are blockchain oracles?

+

Oracles are special software solutions that can feed data from the real world
to blockchain applications and backward. They are used for various purposes,
from delivering trading data to sports betting and beyond.

###  Can blockchain oracles be trusted?

+

While someone could deliberately feed incorrect data to the blockchain or
tamper with it, such actions are often nullified by incentivizing honest
behavior or protecting the inflows of data; otherwise—it depends on a
particular oracle. In practice, those measures are often enough to ensure that
the data provided to blockchain apps are trustworthy.

###  Why do we need blockchain oracles?

+

Using oracles enables applications to interact directly with the physical
world. For example, a real estate seller could use oracles to sell their
property as an NFT token and ensure that the token transfer would enable the
new owner to unlock the door to their new house.

Similarly, a blockchain-based betting service could automatically pay out
winnings without any human involvement just by comparing the score predictions
and the actual result provided by the oracle.

###  What are Oracles in Crypto?

+

Oracles in crypto are third-party services or systems that provide blockchain
applications with access to real-world data. They act as bridges between the
blockchain world and external data sources, allowing smart contracts and
decentralized applications (dApps) to interact with and make use of off-chain
information.

Oracles play a crucial role in expanding the functionality of blockchain
applications by providing data feeds related to market prices, weather
conditions, sports scores, and much more.

###  Why do we need Blockchain Oracles?

+

We need blockchain oracles because they enable the integration of real-world
data into blockchain applications. Blockchain networks, by design, are
isolated from the external world, and they lack direct access to real-time
information.

Blockchain oracles serve as trusted intermediaries that fetch, verify, and
deliver real-world data to the blockchain, allowing smart contracts and dApps
to make informed decisions and perform actions based on external events. By
bridging the gap between blockchains and the real world, oracles expand the
use cases and enhance the functionality of blockchain technology.

###  What do Blockchain Oracles Do?

+

Blockchain oracles fetch data from external sources, verify its authenticity,
and deliver it to blockchain networks. They act as trusted intermediaries
between the blockchain and real-world data providers.

Oracles can retrieve information from various sources such as APIs, web
services, IoT devices, and more. They validate the accuracy and integrity of
the data using cryptographic proofs and consensus mechanisms. Once verified,
oracles provide this data to smart contracts and dApps, enabling them to
interact with external systems and make data-driven decisions.

###  How do Blockchain and Crypto Oracles Work?

+

Blockchain and crypto oracles work by establishing connections between
blockchain networks and external data sources. The process typically involves
the following steps:

  * Data Retrieval: Oracles fetch data from external sources, such as APIs or IoT devices, in real-time or at regular intervals.
  * Data Verification: The retrieved data is validated to ensure its accuracy, authenticity, and integrity. This verification process can involve cryptographic proofs, consensus mechanisms, and reputation systems.
  * Data Transmission: Once the data is verified, the oracle transmits it to the blockchain network, making it available to smart contracts and dApps.
  * Smart Contract Interaction: Smart contracts or dApps can then utilize the data provided by the oracle to execute predefined conditions, trigger actions, and make decisions based on the real-world information.

#  Bridge the Blockchain and Real World with Best Crypto Oracles: A
Comprehensive List of Blockchain Oracles We Support in DeFi and Crypto Sphere

#### Table of Contents

  1. Bridge the Blockchain and Real World with Best Crypto Oracles: A Comprehensive List of Blockchain Oracles We Support in DeFi and Crypto Sphere
    1. Overview of Crypto Oracles
    2. Importance of Blockchain Oracles
  2. Benefits of Using Top Crypto Oracles
    1. Trusted Oracles in the Crypto Space
    2. Large User Base of Chainlink, Pyth, and Other Blockchain Oracles
    3. Wide Network Compatibility of Best Crypto Oracles
    4. Security and Automation in Oracles' Services
    5. Non-custodial Service of Top Blockchain Oracles
  3. Data Reliability of Top Crypto Oracles
    1. Importance of Data Reliability in Oracle Projects
    2. How Best Crypto Oracles Ensure Data Reliability
  4. How to Start Using Crypto Oracles
    1. Step-by-step Guide to Using Crypto Oracles
    2. Benefits of Using Oracles in Crypto and DeFi
  5. Conclusion
    1. Recap of Top Crypto Oracles: From List of Blockchain Oracles to Understanding the Crypto Oracle Problem
    2. Call to Action for Potential Users of Oracles in Blockchain
  6. FAQ
    1. What are Oracles in Crypto?
    2. Why do we need Blockchain Oracles?
    3. What do Blockchain Oracles Do?
    4. How do Blockchain and Crypto Oracles Work?

In the decentralized world of blockchain, the integration of real-world data
is essential for the growth and success of decentralized applications (dApps).

Staking service platform Everstake recognizes the importance of blockchain and
crypto oracles in connecting blockchain networks with real-world data sources.
With our trusted oracles, such as Chainlink and Pyth, Everstake empowered
dApps to access reliable and accurate information, revolutionizing the
possibilities of blockchain technology.

###  Overview of Crypto Oracles

In the rapidly evolving world of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology,
the integration of real-world data has become increasingly important. This is
where crypto oracles come into play. Crypto oracles act as bridges that
connect blockchain networks with external data sources, allowing smart
contracts and decentralized applications (dApps) to access and utilize real-
time and reliable information.

Crypto oracles serve as trusted intermediaries that fetch and verify data from
various sources, such as APIs, web services, and IoT devices. They then
provide this data to the blockchain network, enabling smart contracts and
dApps to interact with the external world. This integration of real-world data
enhances the capabilities of blockchain applications, enabling them to make
data-driven decisions and perform actions based on real-time events.

###  Importance of Blockchain Oracles

Blockchain oracles play a critical role in expanding the functionality and use
cases of blockchain technology. Here are some key reasons why blockchain
oracles are important:

  * Access to Real-World Data: By connecting blockchain networks with real-world data sources, oracles enable blockchain applications to access and utilize information such as market prices, weather conditions, sports scores, and more. This integration of real-world data enhances the functionality and versatility of blockchain-based solutions. 
  * **Smart Contract Automation:** Oracles enable smart contracts to execute predefined conditions based on real-world events. For example, a smart contract may automatically release funds to a specific address when a particular condition is met, such as the successful delivery of a product or the occurrence of a specific weather condition. 
  * **Decentralized Finance (DeFi):** Oracles play a crucial role in the booming DeFi sector by providing price feeds for decentralized exchanges, enabling accurate and up-to-date asset valuations. They also facilitate lending and borrowing protocols by providing real-time interest rates and collateral valuations. 
  * **Real-World Integration:** The integration of real-world data through oracles enables blockchain applications to interact with external systems, opening up possibilities for supply chain management, insurance, IoT applications, and much more. 

##  Benefits of Using Top Crypto Oracles

When it comes to utilizing crypto oracles, opting for trusted and reliable
providers can bring several benefits to your blockchain applications. Let's
explore the advantages of using top crypto oracles like Chainlink, Pyth, and
other leading providers.

### Trusted Oracles in the Crypto Space

Top crypto oracles, such as Chainlink and Pyth, have established a strong
reputation in the crypto industry. They are trusted for their reliable and
accurate data feeds, ensuring the integrity and authenticity of the
information they provide. By utilizing these trusted oracles, you can have
confidence in the quality and reliability of the data accessed by your
blockchain applications.

### Large User Base of Chainlink, Pyth, and Other Blockchain Oracles

Chainlink, Pyth, and other prominent oracles blockchain have a large and
growing user base. This widespread adoption enhances the liquidity and
availability of their services, ensuring a robust ecosystem for accessing
real-world data. With a large user base, these oracles can provide timely and
up-to-date information, supporting the real-time needs of your blockchain
applications.

### Wide Network Compatibility of Best Crypto Oracles

Top crypto oracles are designed to be compatible with various blockchain
networks, including Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain, and other popular
platforms. This compatibility allows your applications to seamlessly integrate
with different blockchains, expanding their reach and functionality. By
leveraging the wide network compatibility of these oracles, you can unlock
opportunities across multiple blockchain ecosystems.

### Security and Automation in Oracles' Services

Security and automation are essential aspects of reliable oracle services.
Leading crypto oracles prioritize security measures to ensure the integrity
and confidentiality of the data they provide. Additionally, they implement
automated processes for data retrieval and validation, minimizing the risk of
human error and enhancing the efficiency of their services. By using these
secure and automated oracle solutions, you can trust in the accuracy and
reliability of the data accessed by your blockchain applications.

### Non-custodial Service of Top Blockchain Oracles

Many top blockchain oracles, including Chainlink and Pyth, offer non-custodial
services. This means that they do not hold custody of the user's funds or
data, ensuring that you maintain control over your assets and information.
Non-custodial oracle services align with the principles of decentralization
and trustlessness, enhancing the overall security and privacy of your
blockchain applications.

##  Data Reliability of Top Crypto Oracles

Ensuring data reliability is a crucial aspect of crypto oracle projects. The
accuracy and integrity of the data provided by oracles are essential for the
proper functioning and trustworthiness of blockchain applications. Let's
explore the importance of data reliability in oracle projects and how the best
crypto oracles ensure the integrity of the information they deliver.

###  Importance of Data Reliability in Oracle Projects

Data reliability is of paramount importance in oracle projects for several
reasons:

  * **Smart Contract Execution:** Smart contracts rely on accurate and reliable data to execute predefined conditions and actions. Any inaccuracies or tampering in the data can lead to incorrect outcomes and compromise the integrity of the blockchain application. 
  * **Decision-Making:** Decentralized applications, particularly those in financial and DeFi sectors, rely on real-time data to make informed decisions. The reliability of this data is crucial for ensuring the effectiveness and trustworthiness of these applications. 
  * **Transparency and Trust:** The reliability of the data provided by oracles builds trust among users and participants in the blockchain ecosystem. Reliable data ensures transparency and enhances the credibility of blockchain applications and their outcomes. 

###  How Best Crypto Oracles Ensure Data Reliability

Top crypto oracles implement various measures to ensure the reliability of the
data they provide:

  * **Multiple Data Sources:** Best crypto oracles obtain data from multiple independent sources. By aggregating data from various reputable sources, they mitigate the risk of relying on a single source that may be compromised or inaccurate. 
  * **Data Validation and Consensus:** These oracles employ robust validation mechanisms, including cryptographic proofs and consensus algorithms, to verify the accuracy and integrity of the data. This validation ensures that only reliable and tamper-resistant data is included in the oracle's responses. 
  * **Reputation and Auditing:** Leading crypto oracles build a strong reputation by consistently delivering accurate and reliable data. They often undergo external audits and security assessments to validate their processes and ensure adherence to best practices. 
  * **Decentralized Governance:** Many top crypto oracles operate under decentralized governance models, where multiple stakeholders participate in the decision-making process. This decentralized approach reduces the reliance on a single entity and enhances the integrity and trustworthiness of the data provided. 
  * **Service Level Agreements (SLAs):** Some crypto oracles offer SLAs that outline their commitments to data reliability, accuracy, and timeliness. These agreements provide transparency and accountability, giving users confidence in the oracle's services. 

##  How to Start Using Crypto Oracles

###  Step-by-step Guide to Using Crypto Oracles

  1. **Identify Your Data Requirements:** Determine the specific real-world data you need for your blockchain application. This could include price feeds, weather data, sports scores, or any other relevant information. 
  2. **Select a Trusted Crypto Oracle:** Choose a reputable and trusted crypto oracle that supports the data you require. Consider factors such as reliability, security, and compatibility with your blockchain platform. 
  3. **Connect Your Application:** Integrate your application with the chosen crypto oracle by following their provided documentation and APIs. Ensure that your application can interact with the oracle's services to fetch the required data. 
  4. **Configure Data Parameters:** Determine the specific data parameters you need from the oracle, such as the type of data, frequency of updates, and any specific data filters or conditions required for your application. 
  5. **Retrieve Data from the Oracle:** Implement the necessary code or logic within your application to retrieve data from the crypto oracle. This may involve making API calls or subscribing to data feeds provided by the oracle. 
  6. **Validate and Process Data:** Once you retrieve the data from the oracle, validate and process it within your application as per your requirements. Ensure that the data is accurate, reliable, and suitable for your use case. 
  7. **Implement Error Handling:** Account for potential errors or inconsistencies in the data retrieval process. Implement error handling mechanisms to handle scenarios where data may be unavailable or incorrect. 
  8. **Evaluate Performance and Scalability:** Assess the performance and scalability of your application's integration with the crypto oracle. Make any necessary optimizations to ensure efficient data retrieval and processing as your application scales. 
  9. **Stay Updated and Evolve:** Keep track of updates and improvements from the crypto oracle provider. Stay informed about any changes in their APIs, data formats, or additional services that may enhance your application's capabilities. 

##  Benefits of Using Oracles in Crypto and DeFi

Strategy/Resources

Description

Access to Real-World Data

Oracles provide access to real-world data, enabling blockchain applications to
make data-driven decisions based on current events.

Smart Contract Automation

Oracles enable the automation of smart contracts by triggering actions based
on real-world data and events.

Enhanced Market Efficiency

Oracles provide accurate and timely price feeds, improving the efficiency of
decentralized exchanges and trading platforms.

Improved Liquidity

Accurate pricing data from oracles enhances liquidity by ensuring fair and
transparent asset valuations.

Expanded Use Cases

Oracles enable the integration of blockchain with real-world systems,
unlocking a wide range of use cases in various industries.

Enhanced Risk Management

Oracles provide real-time data for risk assessment and management in lending,
insurance, and other financial applications.

Transparency and Trust

Oracles enhance transparency and trust in the DeFi space by providing
verifiable data sources and real-time updates.

* * *

## Conclusion

###  Recap of Top Crypto Oracles: From List of Blockchain Oracles to
Understanding the Crypto Oracle Problem

In this guide, we have explored the world of top crypto oracles and their
significance in the blockchain ecosystem. We have discussed the importance of
data reliability, the benefits of using crypto oracles, and the challenges
associated with them. Throughout this discussion, it is important to highlight
the role of Everstake as a trusted provider in the crypto oracle space

Staking service platform Everstake is committed to empowering blockchain
applications with reliable and secure oracles. By partnering with reputable
providers such as Chainlink, Pyth, and others, Everstake ensures the integrity
and accuracy of the data accessed by your blockchain applications. With
staking service Everstake, you can have confidence in the quality and
reliability of the oracles used to bridge the gap between blockchain networks
and real-world data.

###  Call to Action for Potential Users of Oracles in Blockchain

If you are a potential user of oracles in the blockchain space, here's a call
to action with Everstake:

  * **Evaluate Your Needs:** Determine the specific data requirements of your blockchain application and consider the benefits that oracles can bring to your use case. 
  * **Research Trusted Providers:** Explore reputable and trusted crypto oracles, including Everstake, which offers reliable and secure oracle services. 
  * **Integrate Everstake's Oracles:** Follow the step-by-step guide provided in this document to seamlessly integrate Everstake's trusted oracles into your application and start leveraging real-world data with confidence. 
  * **Stay Informed:** Stay updated on the latest developments in the oracle space, including updates and enhancements from Everstake. Continuously evaluate and adapt your integration to ensure optimal performance and reliability. 

By partnering with staking service platform Everstake, you can leverage their
expertise and trusted oracle services to enhance the functionality,
reliability, and trustworthiness of your blockchain applications. Start your
journey with staking service platform Everstake today and experience the
transformative impact their oracles can have on your blockchain projects.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

