[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Unlock the Power of Binance's Auto-Invest Index Plan

2024-03-21

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance's Auto-Invest feature streamlines digital asset investing by enabling users to automate their purchases using a dollar-cost averaging (DCA) strategy.

  * The Auto-Invest Index Plan offers a dynamic, hassle-free way to invest in the top 10 cryptocurrencies by market capitalization.

  * The [_index_](https://www.binance.com/en/ew-index) has demonstrated significant growth since the launch, with a notable 191.7% price increase from December 5, 2022, to March 14, 2024.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240321/35cca8e4-322b-4cb5-ba31-022bd806f5c7)

_This is a general announcement. Products and services mentioned here may not
be available in your region._

In the dynamic world of cryptocurrencies, staying ahead of the curve is key to
maximizing investment opportunities. Luckily, Binance's [_Auto-Invest Index
Plan_](https://app.binance.com/en/auto-
invest?_dp=L21wL2FwcD9hcHBJZD1Bcnp0ZnM5Z1JHbjNnMnRLaVVmRnJCJnN0YXJ0UGFnZVBhdGg9Y0dGblpYTXZVM1ZpYzJOeWFXSmxMMmx1WkdWNCZzdGFydFBhZ2VRdWVyeT1kR0ZpU1c1a1pYZzlNZw==)
has emerged as an effective solution to help users navigate such a landscape.
By allowing users to gain exposure to the top cryptocurrencies by market
capitalization in an automated manner, the plan offers a streamlined approach
to tapping into the thriving crypto market.

## Understanding Binance’s Index Plan

Binance’s Auto-Invest Index Plan empowers investors to effortlessly acquire a
diversified basket of cryptocurrencies. In 2022, Binance launched the
[_Binance CoinMarketCap (CMC) Top 10 Equal-Weighted
Index_](https://www.binance.com/en/ew-index) , which tracks the top 10
cryptocurrencies by market capitalization listed on CMC, to help users monitor
the overall performance of the cryptocurrency market. Binance’s Auto-Invest
Index Plan allows users to gain exposure to this index by automatically
purchasing the cryptocurrencies it contains.

The cryptocurrency market is ever-changing, and the value of each asset may
change drastically. To help mitigate some of these risks, the plan’s basket of
10 digital assets is equally weighted and reset to 10% at the end of every
month, which is called rebalancing. Through regular rebalancing, the system
will automatically buy and sell portions of users’ cryptocurrency holdings to
bring each asset’s weight to an allocation that matches the index.

### Robust growth opportunities

Since its launch on December 5, 2022, the Auto-Invest Index has proven to be
an attractive investment avenue, with the price of its underlying index
increasing over 191.7% as of March 14, 2024. By utilizing data from CMC, the
industry-leading cryptocurrency data tracking website, the plan offers
exposure to the most prominent assets driving the market in a transparent and
reliable manner. Its equal-weight application feature ensures a diverse
portfolio strategy and balanced exposure to each asset, harnessing potential
growth opportunities across various blockchain sectors. With automatic
rebalancing every month, the plan adapts to market fluctuations independently,
thereby optimizing returns and mitigating risk.

## Seamless Investing With Auto-Invest

Auto-Invest is a game-changing feature offered by Binance, enabling users to
automate their cryptocurrency purchases using a dollar-cost averaging (DCA)
strategy. By leveraging Auto-Invest, users can select their preferred
cryptocurrency and allocate funds automatically over regular time intervals.
This hassle-free approach not only eliminates the inconveniences of manual
trading but also ensures consistent purchases, regardless of market
volatility. Whether you're a seasoned trader or a novice investor, Auto-Invest
streamlines the process, allowing you to capitalize on market opportunities
with ease.

### Harness the power of Auto-Invest today

Binance's Auto-Invest Index Plan presents a compelling opportunity for
investors seeking exposure to the dynamic world of cryptocurrencies. With its
proven track record, transparent methodology, and user-friendly interface, the
plan streamlines the way we approach crypto investing through automation.
Explore the possibilities of Auto-Invest today and embark on your journey
toward financial empowerment.

## Further Reading

  * [ _What Is Auto-Invest Index-Linked Plan and How to Use It_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-auto-invest-index-linked-plan-and-how-to-use-it-7c3d334a57f74268b0df67bbeb1df41c)

  * [ _Binance Earn Auto-Invest 3.0: Learn More About Its New Features  _](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/binance-earn-autoinvest-30-learn-more-about-its-new-features-7989252312160244498)

  * [_How Do I Do a One-Time Purchase of the Index-Linked Plan?_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/how-do-i-do-a-onetime-purchase-of-the-indexlinked-plan-7779252401341224976)

  * [_Auto-Invest Terms of Use_](https://www.binance.com/en/terms-autoinvest)

 _**Disclaimer**_ _: Digital asset prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. The value of your investment can go down or up, and you may
not get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions, and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur.
Past performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should
only invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the
risks. You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial
situation, investment objectives, and risk tolerance and consult an
independent financial adviser prior to making any investment. This material
should not be construed as financial advice. For more information, see our_[
__Terms of Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Unlock the Power of Binance's Auto-Invest Index Plan

Main Takeaways

Understanding Binance’s Index Plan

Seamless Investing With Auto-Invest

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

