[![Solflare](/assets/logo-icon-white.406a80a7..svg)
![Solflare](/assets/solflare-logo-white.c53d256d..svg)](/)

  * [MetaMask Snap](/metamask)
  * [Academy](//academy.solflare.com)
  * [Support](https://academy.solflare.com/guides/?get_help=true)

[Access wallet](/access)

![](/assets/purple.a70a7749..png)

![](/assets/shape-orange.557de308..svg)

# A secure and powerful  
 _Solana Wallet_

Solflare is the safest way to start exploring Solana. Buy, store, swap tokens
& NFTs and access Solana DeFi from web or mobile.

[Download for ](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/solflare-
wallet/bhhhlbepdkbapadjdnnojkbgioiodbic)[Get for iOS
](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/solflare/id1580902717)Get mobile app

![](/assets/A-secure-and-powerful-Solana-Walletx2.c6efaf0a..png)

![](/assets/hero-img-mobile.1bf42891..png)

![background shapes](/assets/gradients.23c76e1c..png)

### 24%

circulating sol staked

### $7,628,653,750.00

staked via Solflare

### 83.90MM

in stake accounts

![background shapes](/assets/gradients.23c76e1c..png)

SAFE

##  _Security_ is Key

Solflare was the first Solana wallet ever. Our core mission to keep users as
safe as possible will never change.

![Transaction Simulations](/assets/transaction_simulation@1.5.286f2932..png)

### Transaction Simulations

See exactly what leaves your wallet before signing a Transaction and be
protected at all times.

![Hardware Wallet Support](/assets/ledger-love@1.5.b14aaa85..png)

### Hardware Wallet Support

The safest way to interact with Blockchains is with a hardware wallet.
Solflare supports Ledger on both web and mobile.

![Anti Phishing](/assets/anti-phishing@1.5.6d33be08..png)

### Anti-Phishing

Solflare warns you before interacting with possibly malicious websites.
Explore Solana dApps with ease ofmind.

![Background linear shape](/assets/purple.a70a7749..png)

Powerful

## Block rocking _Power_

From Newcomer to Pro - Solflareâs got you covered. Powerful features are
constantly added to assist you to succeed more.

![Stake and Earn](/assets/stake-and-earn@2x.9b15a02a..png)

### Stake and Earn

Stake or liquid stake your Solana in just three clicks

![Connect to Solana dApps](/assets/connect-to-solana-dApps@2x.8d69e859..png)

### Connect to Solana dApps

Explore everything Solana has to offer

![Get instant Notifications](/assets/get-instant-
notifications@2x.36592135..png)

### Get instant Notifications

Take immediate action on both web and mobile; No more missed opportunities

![Easy to read Activity History](/assets/easy-to-read-activity-
history@2x.fbc45480..png)

### Easy to read Activity History

View and understand your Activity history without needing to be a Blockchain
expert

![Buy, Store, Send, Swap](/assets/buy-store-send-swap@2x.6f948865..png)

### Buy, Store, Send, Swap

Easily buy and manage all your tokens from both web and mobile

![Manage your NFTs collection](/assets/manage-your-NFT-
collection@2x.75dbb331..png)

### Manage your NFT collection

Safely store your favorite NFTs, check floor prices, set an NFT profile
picture and more

![Stake and Earn](/assets/stake-and-earn@2x.9b15a02a..png)

### Stake and Earn

Stake or liquid stake your Solana in just three clicks

![Connect to Solana dApps](/assets/connect-to-solana-dApps@2x.8d69e859..png)

### Connect to Solana dApps

Explore everything Solana has to offer

![Get instant Notifications](/assets/get-instant-
notifications@2x.36592135..png)

### Get instant Notifications

Take immediate action on both web and mobile; No more missed opportunities

![Easy to read Activity History](/assets/easy-to-read-activity-
history@2x.fbc45480..png)

### Easy to read Activity History

View and understand your Activity history without needing to be a Blockchain
expert

![Buy, Store, Send, Swap](/assets/buy-store-send-swap@2x.6f948865..png)

### Buy, Store, Send, Swap

Easily buy and manage all your tokens from both web and mobile

![Manage your NFTs collection](/assets/manage-your-NFT-
collection@2x.75dbb331..png)

### Manage your NFT collection

Safely store your favorite NFTs, check floor prices, set an NFT profile
picture and more

![Stake and Earn](/assets/stake-and-earn@2x.9b15a02a..png)

### Stake and Earn

Stake or liquid stake your Solana in just three clicks

![Connect to Solana dApps](/assets/connect-to-solana-dApps@2x.8d69e859..png)

### Connect to Solana dApps

Explore everything Solana has to offer

Support

##  _Assistance_ when you need it

Everybody gets stuck sometimes. Get help from our always online support team
or learn more in our Solflare Academy.

![Solflare Live Chat](/assets/solflare-live-chat.37373557..png)

### Solflare Live Chat

Our team of trained professionals is available 24/7 to assist you whenever you
need help. Just launch live-chat and tell us what you need.

[Start Chat](https://academy.solflare.com/guides/?get_help=true)

![Solflare Academy](/assets/solflare-academy.6d6a065c..png)

### Solflare Academy

Browse through many guides & articles and learn more about Blockchain, Solana
and its various apps.

[Read more](https://academy.solflare.com/)

![](/assets/gradients.23c76e1c..png) ![](/assets/gradients.23c76e1c..png)

## Here's what others have to say about _Solflare_

![Button arrow left](/assets/arrow-left-twitter.d5b0d362..svg)

![Button arrow right](/assets/arrow-right-twitter.e911d67a..svg)

![@aeyakovenko](/assets/K-bPAFom_400x400.4ff30519..jpeg)

### Composability Tâly, ðºð¸

##### @aeyakovenko

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Checkout [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet) and take self
custody. For crypto to change the world we need 1 billion humans who self
custody keys.

7:47 PM Â· Jun 10, 2021

![@connan_james](/assets/8yGmbgc5_400x400.e4490792..jpeg)

### Cânnan | V1.9.15

##### @connan_james

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Massive shout out to [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet)
mods Yesterday I 'lost' a wallet Mods helped me find it. Contents of wallet
were a pretty decent selection of
[@DegenTrashPanda](https://twitter.com/DegenTrashPanda)

4:43 AM Â· Apr 13, 2022

![@koolbgbc](/assets/rpAheeyC_400x400.42d0d099..jpeg)

### kool_b

##### @koolbgbc

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Omg thank you so much!!!! The dude talked me through it and turns out I
stuffed something up haha. Got it all back. Forever grateful. Legit the best
service Iâve ever had! Iâll spread the word to everyone! You guys rule!
Thanks! ðºâ¤ï¸

12:46 PM Â· Feb 20, 2022

![@c0pperpot](/assets/jE5pimT__400x400.2e040722..jpeg)

### c0p

##### @c0pperpot

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

The new Solflare mobile wallet dApp platform is dope. I can finally close the
browser tab that has my Invictus dashboard open.

3:40 AM Â· Dec 12, 2021

![@aeyakovenko](/assets/K-bPAFom_400x400.4ff30519..jpeg)

### Composability Tâly, ðºð¸

##### @aeyakovenko

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Checkout [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet) and take self
custody. For crypto to change the world we need 1 billion humans who self
custody keys.

7:47 PM Â· Jun 10, 2021

![@connan_james](/assets/8yGmbgc5_400x400.e4490792..jpeg)

### Cânnan | V1.9.15

##### @connan_james

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Massive shout out to [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet)
mods Yesterday I 'lost' a wallet Mods helped me find it. Contents of wallet
were a pretty decent selection of
[@DegenTrashPanda](https://twitter.com/DegenTrashPanda)

4:43 AM Â· Apr 13, 2022

![@koolbgbc](/assets/rpAheeyC_400x400.42d0d099..jpeg)

### kool_b

##### @koolbgbc

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Omg thank you so much!!!! The dude talked me through it and turns out I
stuffed something up haha. Got it all back. Forever grateful. Legit the best
service Iâve ever had! Iâll spread the word to everyone! You guys rule!
Thanks! ðºâ¤ï¸

12:46 PM Â· Feb 20, 2022

![@c0pperpot](/assets/jE5pimT__400x400.2e040722..jpeg)

### c0p

##### @c0pperpot

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

The new Solflare mobile wallet dApp platform is dope. I can finally close the
browser tab that has my Invictus dashboard open.

3:40 AM Â· Dec 12, 2021

![@aeyakovenko](/assets/K-bPAFom_400x400.4ff30519..jpeg)

### Composability Tâly, ðºð¸

##### @aeyakovenko

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Checkout [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet) and take self
custody. For crypto to change the world we need 1 billion humans who self
custody keys.

7:47 PM Â· Jun 10, 2021

![@connan_james](/assets/8yGmbgc5_400x400.e4490792..jpeg)

### Cânnan | V1.9.15

##### @connan_james

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Massive shout out to [@solflare_wallet](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet)
mods Yesterday I 'lost' a wallet Mods helped me find it. Contents of wallet
were a pretty decent selection of
[@DegenTrashPanda](https://twitter.com/DegenTrashPanda)

4:43 AM Â· Apr 13, 2022

![@koolbgbc](/assets/rpAheeyC_400x400.42d0d099..jpeg)

### kool_b

##### @koolbgbc

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

Omg thank you so much!!!! The dude talked me through it and turns out I
stuffed something up haha. Got it all back. Forever grateful. Legit the best
service Iâve ever had! Iâll spread the word to everyone! You guys rule!
Thanks! ðºâ¤ï¸

12:46 PM Â· Feb 20, 2022

![@c0pperpot](/assets/jE5pimT__400x400.2e040722..jpeg)

### c0p

##### @c0pperpot

![Twitter icon](/assets/twitter-icon.9fa2cf74..svg)

The new Solflare mobile wallet dApp platform is dope. I can finally close the
browser tab that has my Invictus dashboard open.

3:40 AM Â· Dec 12, 2021

## Try Solflare now!

Lightning fast transactions on Solana, right in your pocket. Safe and secure,
right where you are.

[![App store](/assets/app-store.7d7b971d..png)
](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/solflare/id1580902717)[![Play
store](/assets/play-
store.2ad41b5d..png)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.solflare.mobile)

![Try Solflare now](/assets/Try-Solflare-nowx2.d8af6098..png)

![Try Solflare now](/assets/Try-Solflare-now-mobx2.7d4bd1f2..png)

![](/assets/cta-gradients.f1d68492..png)

[![Solflare](/assets/solflare-logo-white.c53d256d..svg)](/)

Copyright Â©2024  Solflare

Products

  * [Rise wallet](https://risewallet.io/)
  * [Elli wallet](https://elliwallet.com/)
  * [MetaMask Snap](/metamask)

Resources

  * [Docs](https://docs.solflare.com/solflare/)
  * [Academy](//academy.solflare.com)

Social

  * [Twitter](https://twitter.com/solflare_wallet)
  * [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFgH2FSi360EngaSr5056cQ)

Contact us

Still have questions?  
Want to just say hello?

[Get in touch](https://academy.solflare.com/guides/?get_help=true)

[![Solflare](/assets/logo-icon-white.406a80a7..svg)](/)

Copyright Â©2024  Solflare

Your favorite Solflare wallet awaits

![Solflare app QR code](/assets/QR-code.cd6abe98..png)

Scan the QR code above, or search for Solflare Wallet in the App Store or
Google Play.

