  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Blast](/blog/beginners-guide-to-blast)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to Blast

Published on: May 22, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Blast?**
  * **How Does Blast Work?**
  * **The Blast Airdrop**
  * **Getting Started with Blast: Connect Your Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit ETH (Blast Network) to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Learn everything you need to know about Bast, the only Ethereum L2 with native
yield for ETH and stablecoins.

![A Beginner's Guide to Blast](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblast_beginners_guide_f2b2bf6896.png&w=3840&q=75)

Finding an [Ethereum Layer 2](https://trustwallet.com/blog/layer2-tokens-on-
ethereum-a-comparison) that offers both innovation and practicality can be a
challenge. Enter Blast, a revolutionary player in the Ethereum Layer 2 (L2)
space. Unlike other Ethereum L2 solutions, Blast stands out by offering native
yield generation for ETH and stablecoins

Blast addresses the common issues of high transaction fees and network
congestion, and introduces a groundbreaking feature: native yield. This
enables users to earn returns on their ETH and stablecoin holdings directly
within the Blast ecosystem. With its user-friendly interface and robust
infrastructure, Blast aims to make Decentralized Finance (DeFi) more
accessible and rewarding.

This beginner's guide dives into Blast, explaining what it is, how the Blast
Mainnet operates, the details of its airdrop program, and why it could be a
game-changer in the crypto world.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is Blast?

Blast is an innovative platform within the Ethereum Layer 2 (L2) ecosystem
designed to enhance the scalability and efficiency of blockchain transactions.
As an L2 solution, Blast operates on top of the
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) blockchain, aiming to
alleviate issues that often plague the Ethereum Mainnet. These include high
transaction fees and network congestion.

One of the key features that sets Blast apart from other L2 solutions is its
native yield generation for ETH and
[stablecoins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-5-stablecoins-and-the-
differences-between-them). Users can earn returns on their holdings directly
within the Blast ecosystem, without needing to engage with external protocols
or platforms. By integrating yield generation natively, Blast gives its users
a seamless and rewarding experience.

Blast is built to be user-friendly, making it accessible to both novice and
experienced users. Its robust infrastructure supports a wide range of DeFi
applications, allowing for efficient and cost-effective transactions. Whether
you're looking to transfer assets, engage in trading, or participate in yield
farming, Blast offers a comprehensive solution that enhances the overall user
experience.

### Before We Get Started

Before we explore Blast in more detail, it’s important to remember that you
can manage and interact with 10M+ [crypto assets](https://trustwallet.com/)
across 100+ blockchains on Trust Wallet. Download the latest version of Trust
Wallet today.

Download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or install the [Trust Wallet
Extension](https://trustwallet.com/browser-extension) on your desktop browser.

![blast-beginners-guide-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblast_beginners_guide_4_d59a14afaf.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How Does Blast Work?

Blast operates as a unique
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum) Layer 2
(L2) solution that integrates native yield generation for ETH and stablecoins,
setting it apart from other L2s. Here’s a closer look at how Blast achieves
this and the mechanics behind its operation.

### Auto Rebasing

Blast eliminates the manual setup required for traditional staking. When you
bridge assets to Blast, they are automatically staked within the network.

One of Blast's key features is its auto-rebasing mechanism for ETH and its
native stablecoin, USDB. Unlike other Layer 2 (L2) solutions, Blast allows ETH
itself to rebase natively, meaning the ETH balance for users' accounts
automatically adjusts to reflect the yield generated. Smart contracts on Blast
can also opt-in to this feature, making it easy for existing decentralized
applications (dApps) to deploy on Blast without significant changes.

### L1 Staking

Following the [Ethereum Shanghai
upgrade](https://trustwallet.com/blog/ethereum-shanghai-upgrade-what-you-need-
to-know), Blast can efficiently utilize ETH yield from Layer 1 (L1) staking,
initially through Lido. This yield is automatically distributed to users via
rebasing ETH, providing continuous returns without extra steps. In the future,
the Blast community may enhance or replace Lido with native solutions or other
third-party protocols to optimize yields.

### T-Bill Yield

Blast’s native stablecoin, USDB, earns yield from MakerDAO’s on-chain T-Bill
protocol. When users bridge stablecoins to Blast, they receive USDB, which
automatically accrues yield. This yield can be redeemed for DAI when bridging
back to Ethereum. Similar to ETH staking, the Blast community can potentially
replace MakerDAO with native solutions to enhance yield options.

### Gas Revenue Sharing

Unlike other L2 solutions that keep gas fee revenue, Blast redistributes net
gas revenue back to dApps. dApp developers can keep this revenue or use it to
subsidize gas fees for their users, making the platform more user-friendly and
cost-effective for dApp interactions.

![blast-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblast_beginners_guide_1_6f1405a78a.png&w=3840&q=75)

## The Blast Airdrop

The Blast Community Airdrop is split between Early Access Members (50%) and
Developers (50%). The Early Access airdrop is now live. Users can earn airdrop
points by bridging to Blast and inviting friends. Airdrop points can be
redeemed in June 2024.

### How to Earn Blast Airdrop Points

There are several ways to earn Blast Points and get a head start on
accumulating Blast tokens:

  * **Hold Assets:** Simply hold ETH, WETH, or USDB in your Blast wallet. The more you hold, the more Blast Points you'll earn.

  * **Spread the Word:** Invite your friends to join Blast. When they do, you'll both receive a bonus in Blast Points.

  * **Interact with dApps:** Blast encourages exploration! By using decentralized applications (dApps) built on the Blast network, you'll earn additional Blast Points.

![blast-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblast_beginners_guide_2_7c8ee0f341.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Getting Started with Blast: Connect Your Trust Wallet

Ready to jump into the Blast ecosystem? Here's what you need to do:

### Connecting Your Trust Wallet

Blast integrates seamlessly with popular wallets like TrustWallet. If you
haven't already, setting up a Trust Wallet is a great first step to take. Once
you have your wallet ready, simply navigate to https://blast.io/ on your
desktop and complete the following steps:

  * Select “Bridge & Earn.”

  * Select “Connect Wallet.”

  * Select “WalletConnect.”

  * Open your Trust Wallet mobile app, and scan the QR code to connect.

Blast offers a wealth of resources to help you on your journey. The Blast
Developer Documentation is your one-stop shop for in-depth information on
Blast's functionalities and tools. Additionally, the Blast Bridge allows you
to easily transfer your assets from Ethereum Mainnet to Blast Mainnet,
unlocking the full potential of Blast's features.

## How to Deposit ETH (Blast Network) to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can [deposit ETH](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) on the Blast
Network from another [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet) address or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Blast” and select it.

![blast-beginners-guide-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fblast_beginners_guide_3_2a6123daed.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other crypto wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to [ETH](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet)
(Blast Network), Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto
assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet
today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

