[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s May 17 AMA on Twitter Spaces

2023-05-26

## Main Takeaways

  * Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, spent an hour on Twitter Spaces answering a slew of questions from users on May 17, 2023.

  * CZ shed light on Binance’s efforts in the areas of compliance, education, and regulatory collaboration to help promote crypto adoption.

  * Community trust and user focus remain top priorities at Binance.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during a Twitter AMA on May 17, 2023. Please note that this
transcript has been edited for length and clarity._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230526/232f2bea-82d7-45cb-
bbd0-94760245301a)

##  Binance and Africa

 _What plans does Binance have to help make onboarding seamless in Africa and
Nigeria, more specifically? How are you looking to increase accessibility in
the region?_

**CZ:** The main challenge many people face today is how to get banking access
for crypto businesses in those countries. In Nigeria, my understanding is that
none of the banks work with crypto businesses, so that’s something that needs
to be developed. From our side, we work hard on areas such as compliance,
education, and regulatory collaboration.

This is a process that is not necessarily successful in every country.
Sometimes, it requires the mindset of countries to change. It may also require
traditional financial services to see that they’re missing the boat on the
future of finance. In these cases, they are more likely to want to work with
us. We’re seeing that in many other countries.

Additionally, in Africa and Nigeria, the banking penetration is quite low.
Working with banks is important, but our focus is actually more on providing
financial access for the majority of people who don’t have access to the
system. They can use crypto easily with devices such as a smartphone, but it
does require a huge amount of educational effort.

The other aspect that’s interesting about Africa is that the GDP per capita is
lower, and our African users don’t trade very much. They use Binance more as a
wallet for payments. While the revenue from Binance Africa users is much lower
than in other places, we feel that the value we provide to users is much
higher because we can provide financial access. We have a continued focus on
Africa, unlike many other crypto players who are not in the region.

## BRC-20

 _What do you think about BRC-20 and NFTs on Bitcoin?_

**CZ:** BRC-20 seems to be causing a lot of congestion for Bitcoin. I’m not an
expert on what the protocol is, its quality, or the impact it will have.
Nobody knows. We just have to wait and see.

I don’t collect NFTs. I’m not an art collector, but that doesn’t mean they
don’t have value. If only one person in the world collects something or buys
something, then that thing has that much value. I do think that we are just
scratching the surface of NFT technology.

There are so many other use cases we could develop for NFTs, so there’s a lot
to do. It’s great to see that NFTs are now part of the Bitcoin blockchain, as
it’s the most secure blockchain.

Other than that, we let the market develop. I wouldn’t be able to say whether
this is a good or bad thing, but I do think any technological development is
positive.

## Bitcoin Network Congestion

 _Is Binance putting anything in place so that network congestion doesn’t
happen again?_

**CZ:** Frankly, there’s not much any one entity, company, or team can do.

At times, network congestion can be a positive thing, as we know that
innovation is happening. People are coming in droves. It’s like having a super
popular restaurant. You see a long line of people and groan about the wait,
but it could be a good thing because you know the food is good.

Network congestion is part of decentralized systems. No one controls the
Bitcoin network. We run nodes and contribute to it, but we’re just one part of
it. Additionally, in the longer term, being able to fund development for both
Bitcoin and other crypto projects is an indirect way to help.

There are no magic bullets here, but we do try to do our bit.

## The Innovator’s Dilemma

 _The innovator’s dilemma describes the need to move forward through
innovation despite the possibility that it could end problematically for your
target group. How do you feel about this?_

**CZ:** This is a tough situation that perhaps every entrepreneur and every
business must deal with. We want to continue to innovate and try new things –
try to fail fast, and so on.

There’s a balance you want to achieve, but some things may still be very
negative. In these cases, we have to reverse the course quickly.

Having that flexibility and balance is crucial. Even as Binance is evolving,
we face some of these challenges. It’s just something that we’ve got to deal
with.

## Community Trust

 _Can you share your thoughts on community trust, given how important it is in
Web3?_

**CZ:** I think there are a few different types of trust.

For one, we are supposed to be operating in a trustless industry. We can rely
on technology to streamline certain parts of these processes. “Don’t trust,
verify.” We hear this a lot, and I think it’s important. Having more
transparency and using blockchain technology, with things like proof of
reserves, etc., is important. These are good, but they only go so far.

Then there’s the question of how to gain people’s trust in a new project.
That’s got to be earned over time. Trust must be earned through your actions
over time. You must be extremely consistent, and you must be clear about what
your ethos is. Also, you must be credible in the actions you take.

Look at Binance, for example. One of our core values is user protection. This
is reflected in the dozens of decisions we make every day. There are some
larger decisions that cost us millions of dollars, but we make them to protect
our users. Building trust takes time. I think you must be clear and consistent
about it. There’s no shortcut to building trust.

I believe that Binance got here today because we have strong community trust.
Many people miss the subtleties of how powerful community trust is and how
Web3 can amplify it. If non-crypto businesses can learn to leverage this, they
could greatly improve their businesses.

I hope that more of them will explore that in the future.

## Further Reading

  * [CZ’s Principles](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-principles-6343713009794494746)

  * [CZ on Time Management](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/cz-on-time-management-937115089915394194)

  * [CZ’s Book Recommendations](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-book-recommendations-3164932959824224096)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s May 17 AMA on Twitter Spaces

Main Takeaways

Binance and Africa

BRC-20

Bitcoin Network Congestion

The Innovator’s Dilemma

Community Trust

Further Reading

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

