  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[OP Mainnet: Exploring the Superchain](/blog/exploring-op-mainnet-optimism-
token)

##### Blockchain

# OP Mainnet: Exploring the Superchain

Published on: May 9, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **OP Mainnet and the Superchain**
  * **The Vision of the Superchain**
  * **Key Features and Benefits**
  * **The Ecosystem: Tokens and Projects Powered by OP Mainnet**
  * **Challenges and Future Directions**

##### In Brief

Discover the transformative potential of OP Mainnet, now emerging as the
Superchain, a network designed to redefine Web3

![OP Mainnet: Exploring the Superchain](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fopmainnet_superchain_cf4df5cbed.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

In this article, we'll explore [OP Mainnet](https://trustwallet.com/optimism-
wallet) as it evolves into the Superchain. We’ll look at how this new
framework aims to tackle the longstanding issues of scalability and high
transaction costs that have traditionally hampered blockchain networks. By
integrating multiple Layer 2 solutions into a unified, cohesive system, the
Superchain promises enhanced performance and a superior user experience for
decentralized applications.

Additionally, we'll highlight the key projects and tokens thriving within this
ecosystem, such as Zora, Base, and the [Optimism
token](https://trustwallet.com/optimism-wallet) itself, illustrating their
unique roles and the overall impact of this evolution on the broader
blockchain landscape.

Before we really dive into the article, remember that you can manage and [buy
OP](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-optimism-using-trust-wallet)
within Trust Wallet via our trusted partners, as well as explore the
[Base](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-the-base-network) and
Zora ecosystems.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## OP Mainnet and the Superchain

The transition to the Superchain addresses critical limitations found in
existing blockchain infrastructures, such as scalability issues and high
transaction costs, which have restricted wider adoption. By consolidating
various L2 solutions, the Superchain facilitates a cohesive ecosystem where
decentralized applications can operate more freely, without the typical
constraints seen in older systems. This allows for improved application
performance and a better user experience, which are critical for real-world
utility and broader acceptance.

![opmainnet-superchain-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fopmainnet_superchain_2_25559521aa.png&w=3840&q=75)

Moreover, the Superchain's architecture is designed to maximize the
collaborative potential of blockchain networks, enabling them to operate
cohesively rather than as isolated units. This approach not only leverages the
strengths of each participating chain but also creates a robust environment
where security and consensus mechanisms are aligned. The result is a dynamic
and resilient infrastructure capable of supporting a wide range of
applications—from financial services and asset management to complex
decentralized autonomous organizations (DAOs) and more.

As the [blockchain](https://trustwallet.com) environment evolves, the
Superchain is poised to be at the forefront of this transformation, providing
a scalable, efficient, and user-focused platform. This advancement is set to
catalyze significant innovations in how blockchain technology is perceived and
used, promising to broaden its impact across various digital and real-world
applications.

## The Vision of the Superchain

The Superchain, introduced by [Optimism](https://trustwallet.com/optimism-
wallet), addresses longstanding blockchain issues like scalability and high
transaction costs. Utilizing the OP Stack, an innovative framework developed
by [Optimism](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-optimism-using-trust-
wallet), it allows various blockchain networks within its ecosystem to
maintain independent operations while sharing a unified security model. This
approach ensures that while each chain operates separately, they all benefit
from enhanced security and efficiency.

In the Superchain model, multiple chains run in parallel, each handling a
different segment of network load. This method of horizontal scalability
prevents any single chain from becoming overwhelmed and slowing down the
network. It ensures that as the demand on one chain increases, others can
continue to operate smoothly, significantly enhancing the network’s overall
capacity and reliability.

![opmainnet-superchain-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fopmainnet_superchain_3_21e44ff7ca.png&w=3840&q=75)

Moreover, the shared security model across the Superchain not only simplifies
the management of security measures but also ensures a consistently high level
of protection against vulnerabilities across all chains. This collective
security approach is crucial for building trust and facilitating wider
adoption of blockchain technology, particularly for businesses and
applications requiring robust security measures.

## Key Features and Benefits

One of the most notable features of the Superchain is its emphasis on a
unified security model and governance structure. This model ensures that all
participating chains, while independent, contribute to and benefit from a
collective security mechanism, reducing systemic risks and simplifying the
complexities associated with cross-chain operations. Furthermore, the
Superchain framework supports enhanced composability and interoperability
among dApps, enabling developers to create more complex and responsive
applications that can operate seamlessly across multiple chains.

## The Ecosystem: Tokens and Projects Powered by OP Mainnet

The Superchain ecosystem is robust, hosting a diverse array of projects and
tokens that leverage its advanced infrastructure. Noteworthy among these are
Zora, the [Base network](https://trustwallet.com/blog/trust-wallet-integrates-
base-a-low-cost-open-source-layer-2-blockchain), and the [Optimism
token](https://trustwallet.com/optimism-wallet) itself, each playing a unique
role in enriching the ecosystem:

### Zora

Operating on the Superchain, Zora has established itself as a dynamic platform
supporting [NFT](https://trustwallet.com/nft) creators and collectors. It
provides a toolkit that empowers creators to mint and manage NFTs, fostering a
vibrant community where art and digital ownership flourish. Zora benefits from
the Superchain's low-cost transactions and high throughput, which are
essential for real-time NFT trading and auctions.

![opmainnet-superchain-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fopmainnet_superchain_1_77b1c832b6.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Base

Incubated by Coinbase and integrated within the Superchain,
[Base](https://trustwallet.com/blog/trust-wallet-integrates-base-a-low-cost-
open-source-layer-2-blockchain) aims to onboard the next billion users into
the blockchain world. It’s designed to be a user-friendly L2 solution that not
only supports existing [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet)
applications but also introduces new features and enhancements, such as
reduced gas fees and faster transaction times. Base's integration into the
Superchain exemplifies the network's capacity to support large-scale,
consumer-facing applications.

### Optimism (OP)

The native token of the Optimism ecosystem, OP plays a critical role in
governance and transaction fee payment within the Superchain. It facilitates
various aspects of network operations, including voting on protocol upgrades
and incentivizing behavior that benefits the collective network. The [OP
token](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-optimism-using-trust-wallet) is
integral to maintaining the decentralized governance model that the Optimism
ecosystem advocates.

## Challenges and Future Directions

While the Superchain presents a revolutionary step forward, it also faces
challenges typical of cutting-edge technologies, such as ensuring consistent
performance across all integrated chains and maintaining a high standard of
security against potential threats. Moreover, as the ecosystem continues to
grow, sustaining a cohesive and inclusive governance model will be crucial for
its long-term success.

The OP Mainnet's transformation into the Superchain represents a pivotal
development in the blockchain industry, promising to address critical issues
of scalability and interoperability. By fostering a network where individual
chains can leverage shared resources and security while maintaining their
autonomy, [Optimism](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-optimism-using-
trust-wallet) is paving the way for a new era of blockchain technology that
could potentially support internet-level scalability and application
development. As the blockchain landscape continues to evolve, the Superchain
stands poised to become a cornerstone of the next generation of digital
infrastructure.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

