![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/memulai)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/iniciat)
      * [Dansk](/da/kom-i-gang)
      * [Deutsch](/de/erste-schritte)
      * [English](/en/getting-started)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/como-empezar)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/debuter)
      * [Italiano](/it/come-iniziare)
      * [Magyar](/hu/vagjon-bele)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/aan-de-slag)
      * [Polski](/pl/pierwsze-kroki)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/comecando)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/notiuni-de-baza)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/prvi-koraki)
      * [Srpski](/sr/prvi-koraci)
      * [Svenska](/sv/kom-igang)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/baslarken)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/getting-started)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/getting-started)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/getting-started)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/getting-started)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/getting-started)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/getting-started)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/getting-started)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/getting-started)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/getting-started)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/getting-started)
      * [ááááá](/km/getting-started)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/getting-started)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/getting-started)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/getting-started)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Getting started with Bitcoin

Using Bitcoin to transact is easy and accessible to everyone.

How to use Bitcoin How to accept Bitcoin

How to use Bitcoin

##  Inform yourself

Bitcoin is different than what you know and use every day. Before you start
using Bitcoin, there are a few things that you need to know in order to use it
securely and avoid common pitfalls.

[Read more](/en/you-need-to-know)

##  Choose your wallet

Free bitcoin wallets are available for all major operating systems and devices
to serve a variety of your needs. For example, you can install an app on your
mobile device for everyday use or you can have a wallet only for online
payments on your computer. In any case, choosing a wallet is easy and can be
done in minutes.

[Choose your wallet](/en/choose-your-wallet)

##  Get Bitcoin

You can get Bitcoin by accepting it as a payment for goods and services. There
are also several ways you can buy Bitcoin.

[Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)

##  Spend Bitcoin

There are a growing number of services and merchants accepting Bitcoin all
over the world. Use Bitcoin to pay them and rate your experience to help them
gain more visibility.

[Find merchants and products](/en/spend-bitcoin)

How to accept Bitcoin

##  Inform yourself

Bitcoin does not require merchants to change their habits. However, Bitcoin is
different than what you know and use every day. Before you start using
Bitcoin, there are a few things that you need to know in order to use it
securely and avoid common pitfalls.

[Read more](/en/you-need-to-know)

##  Processing payments

You can process payments and invoices by yourself or you can use merchant
services and deposit money in your local currency or bitcoins. Most point of
sales businesses use a tablet or a mobile phone to let customers pay with
their mobile phones.

[Find merchant
services](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/How_to_accept_Bitcoin,_for_small_businesses#Merchant_Services)

##  Accounting and taxes

Merchants often deposit and display prices in their local currency. In other
cases, Bitcoin works similarly to a foreign currency. To get appropriate
guidance regarding tax compliance for your own jurisdiction, you should
contact a qualified accountant.

[Read more](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Tax_compliance)

##  Gaining visibility

There is a growing number of users searching for ways to spend their bitcoins.
You can submit your business in online directories to help them easily find
you. You can also display the [Bitcoin
logo](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Promotional_graphics) on your website or your
brick and mortar business.

[Submit your business](/en/spend-bitcoin)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/memulai)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/iniciat)
      * [Dansk](/da/kom-i-gang)
      * [Deutsch](/de/erste-schritte)
      * [English](/en/getting-started)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/como-empezar)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/debuter)
      * [Italiano](/it/come-iniziare)
      * [Magyar](/hu/vagjon-bele)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/aan-de-slag)
      * [Polski](/pl/pierwsze-kroki)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/comecando)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/notiuni-de-baza)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/prvi-koraki)
      * [Srpski](/sr/prvi-koraci)
      * [Svenska](/sv/kom-igang)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/baslarken)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/getting-started)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/getting-started)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/getting-started)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/getting-started)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/getting-started)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/getting-started)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/getting-started)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/getting-started)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/getting-started)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/getting-started)
      * [ááááá](/km/getting-started)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/getting-started)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/getting-started)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/getting-started)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

