[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/62eab5597fa44871714a80ec_metaplex-logo-
white.svg)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/62eab5597fa44822e84a812a_metaplex.png)](/)[Creators](https://studio.metaplex.com)[Developers](https://docs.metaplex.com/)[Blog](/blog)

  * [![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/63010f29c32fa7736205aeb6_2021%20Twitter%20logo%20-%20white%201.png)](https://twitter.com/metaplex)
  * [![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/63010f41510a18d2a0b66509_Instagram_Glyph_White%201.png)](https://www.instagram.com/metaplex/)
  * [![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/63010ed7148cfc1c5bd31a7e_dicord%20logo%201.svg)](https://discord.gg/metaplex)

+

# Metaplex Foundation Disclaimer

Metaplex is an open Solana-based NFT protocol (**âProtocolâ**) operated by
the community.**  YOUR USE OF THE PROTOCOL IS ENTIRELY AT YOUR OWN RISK.**

**THE PROTOCOL IS AVAILABLE ON AN âAS ISâ BASIS WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT.**

YOU ASSUME ALL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH USING THE PROTOCOL, AND DIGITAL ASSETS
AND DECENTRALIZED SYSTEMS GENERALLY, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THAT: (A)
DIGITAL ASSETS ARE HIGHLY VOLATILE; (B) STAKING OR DELEGATING DIGITAL ASSETS
IS INHERENTLY RISKY DUE TO BOTH FEATURES OF SUCH ASSETS AND SYSTEMS AND THE
POTENTIAL UNAUTHORIZED ACTS OF THIRD PARTIES; (C) YOU MAY NOT HAVE READY
ACCESS TO ASSETS; AND (D) YOU MAY LOSE SOME OR ALL OF YOUR TOKENS OR OTHER
ASSETS. YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL HAVE NO RECOURSE AGAINST ANYONE ELSE FOR ANY
LOSSES DUE TO THE USE OF THE PROTOCOL. FOR EXAMPLE, THESE LOSSES MAY ARISE
FROM OR RELATE TO: (I) LOST FUNDS; (II) SERVER FAILURE OR DATA LOSS; (III)
CORRUPTED CRYPTOCURRENCY WALLET FILES; (IV) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS; (V) ERRORS,
MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES; OR (VI) THIRD-PARTY ACTIVITIES.

THE PROTOCOL DOES NOT COLLECT ANY PERSONAL DATA, AND YOUR INTERACTION WITH THE
PROTOCOL WILL SOLELY BE THROUGH YOUR PUBLIC DIGITAL WALLET ADDRESS. ANY
PERSONAL OR OTHER DATA THAT YOU MAY MAKE AVAILABLE IN CONNECTION WITH THE
PROTOCOL MAY NOT BE PRIVATE OR SECURE.

â

# **Metaplex Studios Terms of Service**

Welcome to the Metaplex Studios, Inc. website! Thanks for your interest in
Metaplex Studios, Inc. (also referred to as **âMetaplex Studios,â**
**âweâ,**  or **âusâ**) and the Metaplex website at
https://www.metaplex.com/, along with our related websites, platforms
(including Creator Studio), networks, applications, desktop applications,
mobile applications, and other services provided by us (collectively, the
**âServiceâ**).

Metaplex Studios maintains and operates the Metaplex website as a portal for
news, information, and updates about the open-source Metaplex decentralized
protocol operated by the community and administered by The Metaplex Foundation
(the â**Protocol** â).  The Metaplex Protocol is the non-fungible token
(â**NFT** â) standard for the Solana decentralized blockchain (the
**âSolana Networkâ**) and a resource for building decentralized
applications for the Metaverse.

_Metaplex Studios and the Metaplex Foundation are separate legal entities and
organizations.   Metaplex Studios does not control the Protocol and cannot
control activity and data on the Solana Network, or use of the Solana Network.
Metaplex Studios does not undertake any obligations with respect to the
Protocol. YOUR USE OF THE PROTOCOL IS COMPLETELY AT YOUR OWN RISK._

Please read these terms carefully and keep a copy of them for your reference.
Please also note that there may be specific terms or conditions applicable to
you as a user in a given jurisdiction, as detailed below.

Please refer to our [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaplex.com/privacy-policy)
available at [www.metaplex.com/privacy](http://www.metaplex.com/privacy)
(â**Privacy Policy** â) for information about how we collect, use, share
and otherwise process information about you.

**AGREEMENT TO TERMS**

This End User License Agreement and Terms of Service (â**Terms** â) is a
binding contract between you, an individual user or site visitor, whether
personally or on behalf of an entity (â**user** ,â â**you** ,â
â**your** â) and Metaplex Studios, Inc. (â**Metaplex Studios** ,â
â**we** ,â â**us** â or â**our** â) concerning use of the our
Services, including the www.metaplex.com website as well as any other media
form, media channel, or mobile website related, linked, or otherwise connected
thereto (collectively, the â**Site** â). THE SERVICE SPECIFICALLY EXCLUDES
THE PROTOCOL.

**PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS CAREFULLY:**

BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE (EVEN JUST BROWSING ONE OF OUR WEBSITES),
YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD, AND, AS A CONDITION TO YOUR USE
OF THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY, THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS,
INCLUDING OUR PRIVACY POLICY (TOGETHER, REFERRED TO AS THE âTERMSâ FOR
SHORT). IF YOU DONâT AGREE WITH THESE TERMS, YOU MAY NOT USE THE SERVICE
INCLUDING BROWSING OUR WEBSITE. AGREE WITH US? GREAT, READ ON!

**ARBITRATION NOTICE.**  Except for certain kinds of disputes described in
Section 16, you agree that disputes arising under these Terms will be resolved
by binding, individual arbitration, and BY ACCEPTING THESE TERMS, YOU AND
METAPLEX STUDIOS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO
PARTICIPATE IN ANY CLASS ACTION OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING.

We may, from time to time, change these Terms. Please check these Terms
periodically for changes. Revisions will be effective immediately except that,
for existing users, material revisions will be effective 30 days after posting
or notice to you of the revisions unless otherwise stated. We may require that
you accept modified Terms in order to continue to use the Service. If you do
not agree to the modified Terms, then you should remove your User Content
(defined in Section 6.3) and discontinue your use of the Service. Disputes
arising under these Terms will be resolved in accordance with the version of
these Terms that was in effect at the time the dispute arose.

Except for changes by us as described here, no other amendment or modification
of these Terms will be effective unless in writing and signed by both you and
us.

Certain features of the Service, including transactions and authentication,
are facilitated by Third-Party Wallet Extensions. By using the Service, you
agree that you are bound by the terms of service and Privacy Policy for the
applicable extensions when using the applicable extension.

â**1\. Service Overview.**

The Service includes a website that serves as a portal for news, information,
and updates about the open-source Metaplex Protocol. The Service also includes
Creator Studio, a no-code platform that helps users create their own smart
contracts to create, deploy, host and launch their own NFTs by facilitating
interactions with the Protocol and the Solana Network (â**Creator Studio**
â). Through Creator Studio, individuals, artists and brands (each, a
â**Creator** â) may present artwork and other content (collectively,
â**Creator Content** â) and offer NFTs for sale to potential buyers.
Creators, potential buyers, and other users of the Service are, collectively,
â**Users** â and, each, a â**User** â or â**you** â.

While Metaplex Studios offers Creator Studio as a platform for NFTs, we do not
buy, sell or take custody or possession of any NFTs, nor do we act as an agent
or custodian for any User of Creator Studio or the Service. Metaplex Studios
will have no insight into or control over payments or transactions for NFTs
made on the Solana Network. Accordingly, Metaplex Studios will not be
responsible or liable to you for any losses incurred as a result of your use
of the Solana Network. Metaplex Studios disclaims any responsibility for user
tax obligations or information reporting requirements in connection with Users
use of Creator Studio for their businesses (see Section 5).

**2\. Eligibility.**

The Service is intended for Users who are at least 18 years old. You agree
that by using the Site and the Service you are at least 18 years of age, or
accessing the Service under the supervision of a parent or guardian, and you
are legally able to enter into a contract. If you are a parent or legal
guardian of a User under the age of 18 (or the age of legal majority), you
agree to be fully responsible for the acts or omissions of such user in
relation to the Service. If you use the Service on behalf of another person or
entity, (a) all references to âyouâ throughout the Terms will include that
person or entity, (b) you represent that you are authorized to accept these
Terms on that personâs or entityâs behalf, and (c) in the event you or the
person or entity violates these Terms, the person or entity agrees to be
responsible to us. If you are an entity, organization, or company, the
individual accepting these Terms on your behalf represents and warrants that
they have authority to bind you to these Terms and you agree to be bound by
these Terms.

**3\. Electronic Wallet Terms.**

To access certain features of the Service, including Creator Studio,
youâ¯will need to registerâ¯an account withâ¯us and connect a third-party
supported electronic wallet (e.g., Phantom) (â**Wallet** â)
(â**Yourâ¯Account** â). Please review our Privacy Policy for the terms
and conditions which govern your access to and control of Your Account. By
connecting your Wallet to access the Service, you authorize us to access your
Wallet for the purpose of permitting you to purchase or view NFTs or engage in
other actions. â¯You are responsible for creating and maintaining the
confidentiality of Your Account and you are also responsible for any activity
concerning Your Account. By using your Wallet in connection with the Service,
You agree that you are using that Wallet under the terms and conditions of the
provider of the Wallet. Wallets are not operated by, maintained by, or
affiliated with Metaplex Studios and we do not have custody or control over
the contents of your Wallet and have no ability to retrieve or transfer its
contents.

We accept no responsibility for, or liability to you, in connection with your
use of a Wallet and make no representations or warranties regarding how the
Service will operate with any specific wallet. You are solely responsible for
keeping your Wallet secure and you should never share your Wallet credentials
with anyone. If you discover an issue related to your Wallet, please contact
your Wallet provider. Likewise, you are solely responsible for Your Account
and any associated Wallet and we are not liable for any acts or omissions by
you in connection with Your Account or as a result of Your Account or Wallet
being compromised. You agree to immediately notify us if you discover or
otherwise suspect any security issues related to the Service or Your Account.

When you use your Wallet with the Service, you represent to us that Your
Account and Wallet are owned or controlled exclusively and directly by you and
no other person.

**4\. Licenses.**

The Service is licensed, not sold. Subject to your compliance with these Terms
and applicable law, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive, limited, revocable
right for you to use the Service. At the end of your license term, your
license will expire as set forth in these Terms.

You shall not, directly or indirectly: (a) reverse engineer, decompile,
disassemble, or otherwise attempt to discover the object code, source code, or
underlying ideas or algorithms of the Service; (b) modify, translate, adapt,
or create derivative works of the Service in any way; (c) rent, lease,
distribute, sell, resell, assign, or otherwise transfer the Service or any
copy thereof; (d) Use the Service for any purpose other than its intended
purpose; (e) attempt to disable or circumvent any security or other
technological measure designed to protect the Service or any content available
through the Service; or (f) use the Service for any illicit or prohibited
purposes orâ¯as a means toâ¯infringe anyâ¯third partyâ¯rights.â¯

If you breach these license restrictions, or otherwise exceed the scope of the
licenses granted in these Terms, then you may be subject to prosecution and
damages, as well as liability for infringement of intellectual property
rights, and denial of access to the Service.

WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF THESE TERMS, WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO,
IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION AND WITHOUT NOTICE OR LIABILITY, DENY ACCESS TO AND USE
OF THE SERVICE (INCLUDING BLOCKING CERTAIN IP ADDRESSES), TO ANY PERSON FOR
ANY REASON OR FOR NO REASON, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR BREACH OF ANY
REPRESENTATION, WARRANTY, OR COVENANT CONTAINED IN THESE TERMS OR OF ANY
APPLICABLE LAW OR REGULATION. WE MAY TERMINATE YOUR USE OR PARTICIPATION IN
THE SITE AT ANY TIME, WITHOUT WARNING, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION.

If we terminate or suspend your access to the Site or Service for any reason,
you are prohibited from attempting to access the Site or Service under your
name, a fake or borrowed name, or the name of any third party, even if you may
be acting on behalf of the third party. In addition to terminating or
suspending your access, we reserve the right to take appropriate legal action,
including without limitation pursuing civil, criminal, and injunctive redress.

**5\. Costs and Fees.**

Our fees (if any) for your use of certain aspects of the Service (including
Creator Studio) in accordance with these Terms will be made available on our
Site and are subject to change at any time (â**Fees** â). If you are using
the Service to buy NFTs, you are a â**Buyer,â** and if you are using the
Service to sell NFTs, you are a â**Seller.â** â**Revenue** â means the
gross amount paid by the Buyer of a sale of an NFT using the Service. You
agree to pay all other applicable fees, including Solana Network fees and
hosting fees, and you authorize us to automatically charge you for any such
fees or deduct such fees (including the Transaction Fee (defined below))
directly from amounts paid by the Buyer.

If you are a Seller, you will receive Revenue less the Transaction Fee for
each initial sale of your NFT using the Service. â**Transaction Feeâ**
means the percentage of Revenue generated from the initial sale of an NFT that
is shown to you on our Site and on the interface, as agreed by you, when
determining to list your NFTs for sale using the Service. The Transaction Fee
may be, but is not required to be, the sale percentage for all sales of NFTs
and may be changed from time to time by us prior to being agreed to on the
interface by you.  

All amounts payable under these Terms are non-refundableâ¯and without set-off
or counterclaim.â¯ All Fees are exclusive of any taxes, levies, or duties.
You are wholly responsible for any taxes that may arise out of these Terms or
your licensing or use of the Service.â¯â¯Notwithstanding the foregoing,
sales tax, goods and services tax (GST), or value-added tax (VAT) may be
charged in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. You shall
reimburse us for the amount of any such taxes or duties which we have paid or
incurred directlyâ¯as a result of our transactions with you, and you agree
that we may charge any such reimbursable taxes to any payment method you have
used to pay the associatedâ¯Fees.â¯

**6\. User Content.**

  1. **6\. 1. NFT Content.** As between you and us, you will continue to exclusively own all intellectual and property rights, title and interest in and to the digital art embodied in the NFTs and any name, likeness, image, signature, voice and other identifiable characteristics included in the digital art embodied in the NFTs, creative assets provided to us, and your name, logos and trademarks, and all intellectual property rights in the foregoing (collectively, the â**NFT Content** â). Notwithstanding the foregoing, You grant to Us a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully paid-up, license, with right to sublicense, to use NFT Content uploaded on the Service for the purpose of performing our obligations under these Terms, including hosting the NFT Content and facilitating the minting, deployment and initial sales of NFTs, and marketing and promoting the Service. 
  2. **6.2. NFT Content Obligations.** You must obtain all rights to the NFT Content in connection with our use of it as contemplated by these Terms, including, but not limited to clearing and obtaining any rights in connection with the NFT Content, including any music performance rights and payment of royalties to any performing rights organizations. You represent and warrant that (a) You have the full right, power, and authority to grant rights granted or agreed to be granted under these Terms; and (b) the NFT Content, the NFTs, and the listing for sale of NFTs using Creator Studio complies with all, and do not and will not violate any applicable law, statute, rule or regulation. 
  3. **6.3. Posting Content.** The Service may allow users to store or share content such as text, files, documents, graphics, images, music, audio, video and software. Anything that you post (other than Feedback (see Section 7)) or otherwise make available through the Service is considered User Content (â**User Content** â). User Content may include NFT Content. We do not claim any ownership rights in any User Content and nothing in these Terms will be deemed to restrict any rights you have to your User Content. You must not post any User Content on or through the Service or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. Any User Content posted by you to or through us or transmitted to us will be assumed to be non-confidential and non-proprietary, and treated as such by us, and may be used by us in accordance with these Terms without notice to you and without any liability to you.
  4. **6.4. Permissions to Your User Content.** By making any User Content available on the Service, you hereby grant to us a non-exclusive, transferable, worldwide, royalty-free license, with the right to sublicense, to use, copy, modify, create derivative works based upon, distribute, publicly display, and publicly perform your User Content in connection with operating and providing the Service.
  5. **6.5. Responsibility for User Content.** You are solely responsible for all of your User Content. You represent and warrant that you will have all rights that are necessary to grant us the license rights in the User Content under these Terms. You represent and warrant that neither your User Content, nor any use of your User Content by us on or through the Service will infringe, misappropriate or violate a third partyâs intellectual property rights, or rights of publicity or privacy, or result in the violation of any applicable law or regulation. YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT YOUR USER CONTENT, AND THE POSTING OR OTHER USE OF YOUR USER CONTENT AS CONTEMPLATED BY THESE TERMS, DOES NOT AND WILL NOT VIOLATE OR CAUSE US TO VIOLATE ANY STATE OR FEDERAL SECURITIES LAW OR REGULATION, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION BY CREATING AND DISTRIBUTING SECURITIES. WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY LIABILITY THAT MAY ARISE BASED ON ANY SUCH VIOLATIONS. Without limiting the foregoing, you agree not to create any NFTs which would be deemed securities under the securities act or regulated as a derivative (e.g., a future, option or swap) under the commodities exchange act (â**CEA** â) and acknowledge that Metaplex Studios may not be used for minting or otherwise facilitating transactions in an NFT that may be deemed a security or a derivative.  
  6. **6.6 Removal of User Content.** You will be able to remove certain of your User Content by specifically deleting it. In certain instances, some of your User Content may not be completely removed and copies of your User Content may continue to exist on the Service or in NFTs. To the maximum extent permitted by law, Metaplex Studios is not responsible or liable for the removal or deletion of (or the failure to remove or delete) any of your User Content.
  7. **6.7. Disclaimer.** WE ARE UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO USE, EDIT OR CONTROL USER CONTENT THAT YOU OR ANY OTHER USER POSTS ON THE SERVICE AND WILL NOT BE IN ANY WAY RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR USER CONTENT. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY USER CONTENT IS ACCURATE, TRUTHFUL OR APPROPRIATE FOR ITS STATED PURPOSE. WE MAY, HOWEVER, AT ANY TIME AND WITHOUT PRIOR NOTICE, SCREEN, REMOVE, EDIT, OR BLOCK ANY USER CONTENT THAT IN OUR SOLE JUDGMENT VIOLATES THESE TERMS OR IS OTHERWISE OBJECTIONABLE, SUCH AS, WITHOUT LIMITATION, USER CONTENT THAT WE DETERMINE IS OR COULD BE INTERPRETED TO BE ABUSIVE, BIGOTED, DANGEROUS, DEFAMATORY, FALSE, HARASSING, HARMFUL, INFRINGING, MISLEADING, OBSCENE, OFFENSIVE, PORNOGRAPHIC, RACIST, THREATENING, UNLAWFUL, VIOLENT, VULGAR, OR OTHERWISE INAPPROPRIATE.
  8. **6.8. Waiver.** YOU AGREE TO WAIVE, AND DO WAIVE, ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE RIGHT OR REMEDY YOU HAVE OR MAY HAVE AGAINST US WITH RESPECT TO USER CONTENT. YOU AGREE THAT YOUR ADHERENCE TO OR PARTICIPATION IN ANY ACTION, ACTIVITY, COMMAND, GUIDANCE, OR INSTRUCTION IN CONNECTION WITH USER CONTENT IS DONE SO AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR TAKING ALL NECESSARY AND PRUDENT ACTIONS BEFORE ENGAGING IN ANY ACTIVITY THAT HAS A RISK OF HARM, INJURY OR DAMAGE TO ANY PERSON, ANIMAL, OR PROPERTY. YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT YOU WILL HAVE NO RIGHT TO ENFORCE A CLAIM FOR A BREACH OF THESE TERMS AGAINST US FOR ANY OTHER USERâS USE OF YOUR USER CONTENT IN VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS. IF ANOTHER USER VIOLATES ANY RIGHTS YOU HAVE IN YOUR USER CONTENT, YOU AGREE TO SEEK RELIEF FROM SUCH OTHER USER AND NOT METAPLEX STUDIOS. WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL LIABILITY IN CONNECTION WITH USER CONTENT.
  9. **6.9. FTC Endorsement Guidelines.**  Notwithstanding any other provision in these Terms, you represent and warrant that you will comply with all laws and regulations regarding endorsements or testimonials made by you in any User Content, including that you will (a) make only accurate statements that represent your genuine experience with any product, good or service and (b) make all required disclosures pursuant to the Federal Trade Commissionâs (**âFTCâ**) Guides Concerning the Use of Endorsements and Testimonials in Advertising, as such guides may be amended from time-to-time by the FTC. Follow this link for further information on complying with the FTCâs guidance:  <https://www.ftc.gov/sites/default/files/documents/one-stops/advertisement-endorsements/091005revisedendorsementguides.pdf>.
  10. **6.10. Monitoring Content.**  Metaplex Studios does not control and does not have any obligation to monitor: (a) User Content; (b) any content made available by third parties; or (c) the use of the Service by its Users. You acknowledge and agree that Metaplex Studios reserves the right to, and may from time to time, monitor any and all information transmitted or received through the Service for operational and other purposes. If at any time Metaplex Studios chooses to monitor the content, Metaplex Studios still assumes no responsibility or liability for content or any loss or damage incurred as a result of the use of content. During monitoring, information may be examined, recorded, copied, and used in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Metaplex Studios reserves the right to remove any User Content from the Service in Metaplex Studiosâ sole discretion, without notice, and with no further obligation or liability to any User.

**7\. Feedback.**

You have no obligation to provide Us with ideas, comments, information,
concepts, reviews, know-how, techniques, suggestions, documentation,
proposals, and/or any other material (â**Feedback** â). However, if you
submit Feedback to us, while You retain ownership of such Feedback, you hereby
grant us a worldwide, nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable,
transferable, unlimited license to use and otherwise exploit Your Feedback for
any purpose. Further, by submitting Feedback, you represent and warrant that:
(a) your Feedback does not contain confidential or proprietary information
that belongs to any third parties; (b) we are not under any obligation of
confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback; (c) we may
have something similar to the Feedback already under consideration or in
development; and (d) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement
of any kind from us for the Feedback or our usage thereof.

**8\. Ownership; Proprietary Rights; Marks.**

  1. **8.1. Ownership; Proprietary Rights.**  The Service is owned and operated by us. The visual interfaces, graphics, design, compilation, information, data, computer code (including source code or object code), products, software, services, and all other elements of the Service (collectively, â**Materials** â) are protected by intellectual property and other laws. Itâs important to note that all Materials included on the Service are our property or the property of other third-party licensors of the Service. Except as expressly authorized by us, you may not make use of the Materials. We reserve all rights to Materials not granted expressly in these Terms.
  2. **8.2. Marks.**  Our trademarks, service marks, and logos (collectively, the **âMetaplex Trademarksâ**) used and displayed on the Service are our registered and/or unregistered trademarks or service marks. Any other product and service names located on the Service may be trademarks or service marks owned by third parties (collectively with the Metaplex Trademarks, the **âTrademarksâ**). Except as otherwise permitted by law, you may not use the Trademarks to disparage us or the applicable third party, our or a third partyâs products or services, or in any manner (using commercially reasonable judgment) that may damage any goodwill in the Trademarks. You may use the Metaplex Trademarks for the limited purposes of providing links to or from our website and providing attribution to us when using the Service or on your Creator Studio mint pages. You will terminate all uses of the Metaplex Trademarks upon our request. All goodwill generated from the use of any Metaplex Trademark will inure solely to Metaplex Studiosâ benefit. All goodwill generated from the use of any other Trademark will inure solely to the benefit of the owner of such Trademark.
  3. **8.3. Creator Studio Mint Pages.**  If you are a Creator, you will have the ability to create a mint page using Creator Studio where you can showcase your Creator Content and conduct initial sales of NFTs (â**Mint Page** â). The Creator Content you upload will be subject to the license grants and other covenants, representations, and warranties set forth in these Terms. Your Creator Studio Mint Page may include your project name, logos, images, descriptions, and your Creator Content. You should think carefully before Posting any Creator Content to your Mint Page. Once you upload Creator Content to the Service, even if you later remove such Creator Content from the Service, such Creator Content may remain available on the Internet and through other sources outside of our control in perpetuity. We assume no liability for such continued availability of any Creator Content.

**9\. Third-Party Terms.**

  1. **9.1. External Sites.**  The Service may contain links to or embed content in other websites, apps or other online properties that are not owned or controlled by the Service (collectively, **âExternal Sitesâ**). The content of External Sites is not developed or provided by us. We are not responsible for the content of any External Sites and do not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of any materials on External Sites. You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for External Sites if you have any concerns regarding content located on those External Sites. You should take precautions when downloading files from all websites to protect your devices from viruses and other destructive programs. If you decide to access any External Sites, then you do so at your own risk. Further, you will be solely responsible for compliance with any terms of service or similar terms imposed by any External Site in connection with your use of External Sites.
  2. **9.2. Third-Party Software.**  The Service may include or incorporate third-party software components that are generally available free of charge under licenses granting recipients broad rights to copy, modify, and distribute those components (**âThird-Party Componentsâ**). Although the Service is provided to you subject to these Terms, nothing in these Terms prevents, restricts, or is intended to prevent or restrict you from obtaining Third-Party Components under the applicable third-party licenses or to limit your use of Third-Party Components under those third-party licenses.

**10\. Prohibited Conduct. BY USING THE SERVICE, YOU AGREE NOT TO:**

  1. 10.1. use the Service for any illegal purpose or in violation of any local, state, national, or international law;
  2. 10.2. harass, threaten, demean, embarrass, bully or otherwise harm any other User of the Service;
  3. 10.3. violate, or encourage others to violate, or provide instructions on how to violate any right of a third party, including by infringing or misappropriating any third-party intellectual property right;
  4. 10.4. interfere with security-related features of the Service, including disabling or circumventing features that prevent or limit use or copying of any content.
  5. 10.5. make unauthorized recordings or screen captures of any content, including User Content, transmitted on or through the Service;
  6. 10.6. interfere with the operation of the Service or any Userâs enjoyment of the Service, including by: (a) uploading or otherwise disseminating any virus, adware, spyware, worm, or other malicious code; (b) making any unsolicited offer or advertisement to another User of the Service; (c) collecting personal information about another User or third party without consent; or (d) interfering with or disrupting any network, equipment, or server connected to or used to provide the Service;
  7. 10.7. attempt to access or search the Service or content available on the Service or download content from the Service through the use of any engine, software, tool, agent, device or mechanism (including spiders, robots, crawlers, data mining, gathering, or extraction tools and the like) other than the software and/or search agents provided by us or other generally available third-party web browsers;
  8. 10.8. perform any fraudulent activity including impersonating any person or entity, claiming a false affiliation, or accessing any other account on the Service without permission, or provide any false, inaccurate, or misleading information to us
  9. 10.9. encourage or engage in speculative behavior in connection with the transfer or sale of any NFTs on the Protocol;
  10. 10.10. as a Creator, indicate that the value of any NFT launched through its mint page is derived from or linked to the Creatorâs efforts or labor;
  11. 10.11. sell or otherwise transfer the access granted under these Terms or any Materials or any right or ability to view, access, or use any Materials; 
  12. 10.12. Post User Content that is abusive, bigoted, dangerous, defamatory, false, harassing, harmful, infringing, misleading, obscene, offensive, pornographic, racist, threatening, unlawful, violent, vulgar, or otherwise inappropriate; or
  13. 10.13. attempt to do any of the acts described in this Section 10 or assist or permit any person in engaging in any of the acts described in this Section 10.

If you wish to report Users or User Content that violates these Terms, you may
do so at content-policy@metaplex.com.

**11\. Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright or Other
Intellectual Property Infringements.**

  1. **11.1 Respect of Third-Party Rights.**  We respect the intellectual property of others and take the protection of intellectual property very seriously, and we ask our Users to do the same. Infringing activity will not be tolerated on the Service.
  2. **11.2. Intellectual Property Policy.**  Our intellectual property policy is to: (a) remove or disable access to material that we believe in good faith, upon notice from an intellectual property owner or his or her agent, is infringing the intellectual property of a third party by being made available on the Service; and (b) remove any User Content Posted to the Service by **ârepeat infringers.â**  We consider a **ârepeat infringerâ**  to be any User that has repeatedly infringed or repeatedly been charged with infringing the rights of third parties by Posting User Content to the Service for which we have received takedown notices compliant with the provisions of 17 U.S.C. Â§ 512 with respect to such User Content. We have discretion, however, to terminate the account of any User after receipt of a single notification of claimed infringement or upon our own determination.
  3. **11.3. Procedure for Reporting Claimed Infringement.**  If you believe that any content made available on or through the Service has been used or exploited in a manner that infringes an intellectual property right you own or control, then please promptly send a âNotification of Claimed Infringementâ containing the following information to the Designated Agent identified below. Your Notification of Claimed Infringement may be shared by us with the User alleged to have infringed a right you own or control, and you hereby consent to us making such disclosure. Your communication must include substantially the following:  
  
\- A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf
of the owner of the work(s) that has/have been allegedly infringed;  
\- Identification of works or materials being infringed, or, if multiple works
are covered by a single notification, then a representative list of such
works;  
\- Identification of the specific material that is claimed to be infringing or
to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access
to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us
to locate the material;  
\- Information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you, such as an
address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address at
which you may be contacted;  
\- A statement that you have a good faith belief that the use of the material
in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its
agent, or the law; and  
\- A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under
penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of
an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.  
\- You should consult with your own lawyer and/or see 17 U.S.C. Â§ 512 to
confirm your obligations to provide a valid notice of claimed infringement.

  1. 11.4. Designated Agent Contact Information. Our designated agent for receipt of Notifications of Claimed Infringement (âDesignated Agentâ) can be contacted at:  
\- Via Email: copyright@metaplex.com  
\- Via U.S. Mail:_  
Copyright Agent  
Metaplex Studios, Inc.  
2093 Philadelphia Pike #6382  
Claymont, Delaware 19703_â

  2. \- Via Phone: 415-234-3876

**12\. Term, Termination, and Modification of the Service.**

  1. **12.1. Term.**  These Terms are effective beginning when you accept the Terms or first download, install, access, or use the Service, and ending when terminated as described in Section 12.2.
  2. **12.2. Termination.**  If you violate any provision of these Terms, then your authorization to access the Service and these Terms automatically terminate. In addition, we may, in our sole discretion, terminate these Terms or your account on the Service, or suspend or terminate your access to the Service, at any time for any reason or no reason, with or without notice, and without any liability to you arising from such termination. You may terminate your use of the Service and these Terms at any time.
  3. **12.3. Effect of Termination.**  Upon termination of these Terms: (a) your license rights will terminate and you must immediately cease all use of the Service; (b) you will no longer be authorized to access your account or the Service; and (c) Sections 7, 6, 8, 12.3, 13, 14, 16, 16, and 17 will survive. You are solely responsible for retaining copies of any User Content you Post to the Service since upon termination of your account, you may lose access rights to any User Content you Posted to the Service.
  4. **12.4. Modification of the Service.**  We reserve the right to modify or discontinue the Service at any time (including by limiting or discontinuing certain features of the Service), temporarily or permanently, without notice to you. We will have no liability for any change to the Service or any suspension or termination of your access to or use of the Service. You should retain copies of any User Content you Post to the Service so that you have permanent copies in the event the Service is modified in such a way that you lose access to User Content you Posted to the Service.

**13\. Indemnity.**

To the fullest extent permitted by law, you are responsible for your use of
the Service, and you will defend and indemnify us, our affiliates and their
respective shareholders, directors, managers, members, officers, employees,
consultants, and agents (together, the **âMetaplex Studios Entitiesâ**)
from and against every claim brought by a third party, and any related
liability, damage, loss, and expense, including reasonable attorneysâ fees
and costs, arising out of or connected with: (1) your unauthorized use of, or
misuse of, the Service; (2) your violation of any portion of these Terms, any
representation, warranty, or agreement referenced in these Terms, or any
applicable law or regulation; (3) your violation of any third-party right,
including any intellectual property right or publicity, confidentiality, other
property, or privacy right; or (4) any dispute or issue between you and any
third party. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive
defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you
(without limiting your indemnification obligations with respect to that
matter), and in that case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of those
claims.

**14\. Disclaimers; No Warranties.**

  1. 14.1. THE SERVICE AND ALL MATERIALS AND CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE ARE PROVIDED **âAS ISâ**  AND ON AN **âAS AVAILABLEâ**  BASIS. We disclaim all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, relating to the Service and all materials and content available through the Service, including: (1) any implied warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, quiet enjoyment, or non-infringement; and (2) any warranty arising out of course of dealing, usage, or trade. We do not warrant that the Service or any portion of the Service, or any Materials or content offered through the Service, will be uninterrupted, secure, or free of errors, viruses, or other harmful components, and we do not warrant that any of those issues will be corrected.
  2. 14.2. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by You from the Service or the Metaplex Studios Entities or any materials or content available through the Service will create any warranty regarding any of the Metaplex Studios Entities or the Service that is not expressly stated in these Terms. We are not responsible for any damage that may result from the Service and your dealing with any other User. You understand and agree that You Use any portion of the Service at your own discretion and risk, and that we are not responsible for any personal injury, damage to your property (including your computer system or mobile device used in connection with the Service), or any loss of data, including User Content.
  3. 14.3. Any purchase or sale you make, accept, or facilitate via or outside of the Service of an NFT will be entirely at Your risk. We do not control or endorse purchases or sales of any particular NFT via or outside of the Service. We expressly deny any obligation to indemnify You or hold You harmless for any losses you may incur by transacting, or facilitating transactions via or outside of the Service.
  4. 14.4. We do not endorse, approve of, or take any responsibility in determining any particular NFTâs value, authenticity, status as a security, or underlying technology. We will not be liable to You for any loss of value. We do not make any warranty about the authenticity or suitability of any NFT for ownership or trading. We retain the right, in our sole discretion, to determine whether to support, or not support, certain NFTs to be used in connection with the Service. We may discontinue or terminate support for any NFT at any time, for any or no reason, and without any liability to you. We will make reasonable efforts to provide advance notification of any termination or discontinuation of support of an NFT. We will not be liable to you for any losses, liability, or expenses related to any discontinuation or termination of support of any NFTs.
  5. 14.5. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any losses you incur as the result of your use of the Solana Network or a Wallet you connect to use the Service, including, but not limited to, any losses, damages, or claims arising from unauthorized access or activities by third parties or user error.
  6. 14.6. Metaplex Studios is not an investment adviser, broker-dealer, or any other securities intermediary regulated under state or federal law, and by providing the service, Metaplex Studios is not providing you any investment advice for purposes of the investment advisers act of 1940 (**âAdvisers Actâ**) or any comparable state law. By using the service, you will not receive the protection of the Advisers Act or any other federal or state securities law.
  7. 14.7. THE LIMITATIONS, EXCLUSIONS AND DISCLAIMERS IN THIS SECTIONAPPLY TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. We do not disclaim any warranty or other right that we are prohibited from disclaiming under applicable law.

**15\. Limitation of Liability.**

  1. 15.1. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL THE METAPLEX STUDIOS ENTITIES BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF, OR YOUR INABILITY TO ACCESS OR USE, THE SERVICE OR ANY MATERIALS OR CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT ANY METAPLEX STUDIOS ENTITY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE.
  2. 15.2. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 16.5 AND 16.6 TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE METAPLEX STUDIOS ENTITIES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF OR ANY INABILITY TO USE ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO $100.
  3. 15.3. EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 15 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

**16\. Dispute Resolution and Arbitration.**

  1. 16.1. Generally. Except as described in Section 16.2 and 16.3, you and Metaplex Studios agree that every dispute arising in connection with these Terms, the Service, or communications from us will be resolved through binding arbitration. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, is less formal than a court proceeding, may allow for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts. This agreement to arbitrate disputes includes all claims whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether a claim arises during or after the termination of these Terms. Any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, or enforceability of this binding arbitration agreement will be resolved by the arbitrator.  
  
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND METAPLEX
STUDIOS ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A
CLASS ACTION.

  1. **16.2. Exceptions.**  Although we are agreeing to arbitrate most disputes between us, nothing in these Terms will be deemed to waive, preclude, or otherwise limit the right of either party to: (a) bring an individual action in small claims court; (b) pursue an enforcement action through the applicable federal, state, or local agency if that action is available; (c) seek injunctive relief in a court of law in aid of arbitration; or (d) to file suit in a court of law to address an intellectual property infringement claim.
  2. **16.3. Opt-Out.**  If you do not wish to resolve disputes by binding arbitration, you may opt out of the provisions of this Section17 within 30 days after the date that you agree to these Terms by sending a letter to Metaplex Studios, Attention: Legal Department â Arbitration Opt-Out, 2093 Philadelphia Pike #6382, Claymont, Delaware 19703 _,_ that specifies: your full legal name, your Storefront name, and a statement that you wish to opt out of arbitration (**âOpt-Out Noticeâ**). Once we receive your Opt-Out Notice, this Section 16 will be void and any action arising out of these Terms will be resolved as set forth in Section18.2. The remaining provisions of these Terms will not be affected by your Opt-Out Notice.
  3. **16.4. Arbitrator.**  This arbitration agreement, and any arbitration between us, is subject to the Federal Arbitration Act and will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (**âAAAâ**) under its Consumer Arbitration Rules (collectively, **âAAA Rulesâ**) as modified by these Terms. The AAA Rules and filing forms are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at +1-800-778-7879, or by contacting us.
  4. **16.5. Commencing Arbitration.**  Before initiating arbitration, a party must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party by certified U.S. Mail or by Federal Express (signature required) or, only if that other party has not provided a current physical address, then by electronic mail (**âNotice of Arbitrationâ**). Our address for Notice of Arbitration is: Metaplex Studios, Inc., 2093 Philadelphia Pike #6382, Claymont, Delaware 19703. The Notice of Arbitration must: (a)identify the name or account number of the party making the claim; (b) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (c) set forth the specific relief sought (**âDemandâ**). The parties will make good faith efforts to resolve the claim directly, but if the parties do not reach an agreement to do so within 30 days after the Notice of Arbitration is received, you or Metaplex Studios may commence an arbitration proceeding. If you commence arbitration in accordance with these Terms, we will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for more than US$10,000 or if we have received 25 or more similar demands for arbitration, in which case the payment of any fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. If the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the claim or the relief sought in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and the other party may seek reimbursement for any fees paid to AAA.
  5. **16.6. Arbitration Proceedings.**  Any arbitration hearing will take place in the county and state of your residence unless we agree otherwise or, if the claim is for US$10,000 or less (and does not seek injunctive relief), you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted: (a) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator; (b) through a telephonic or video hearing; or (c) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your residence. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by you or us must not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award, if any. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator must issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award, if any, are based.
  6. **16.7. Arbitration Relief.**  Except as provided in Section 16.8, the arbitrator can award any relief that would be available if the claims had been brought in a court of competent jurisdiction. If the arbitrator awards you an amount higher than the last written settlement amount offered by us before an arbitrator was selected, we will pay to you the higher of: (a) the amount awarded by the arbitrator and (b)US$10,000. The arbitratorâs award shall be final and binding on all parties, except (1) for judicial review expressly permitted by law or (2) if the arbitrator's award includes an award of injunctive relief against a party, in which case that party shall have the right to seek judicial review of the injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction that shall not be bound by the arbitrator's application or conclusions of law. Judgment on the award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction.
  7. **16.8. No Class Actions.**  YOU AND METAPLEX STUDIOS AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless both you and Metaplex Studios agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one personâs claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding.
  8. **16.9. Modifications to this Arbitration Provision.**  If we make any substantive change to this arbitration provision, you may reject the change by sending us written notice within 30days of the change to our address for Notice of Arbitration, in which case your access to the Service will be immediately terminated and this arbitration provision, as in effect immediately prior to the changes you rejected will survive.
  9. **16.10. Enforceability.**  If Section 16.8 or the entirety of this Section 16 is found to be unenforceable, or if we receive an Opt-Out Notice from you, then the entirety of this Section 16 will be null and void and, in that case, the exclusive jurisdiction and venue described in Section 17.2 will govern any action arising out of or related to these Terms.

**17\. Miscellaneous.**

  1. **17.1. General Terms.**  These Terms, together with the Privacy Policy and any other agreements expressly incorporated by reference into these Terms, are the entire and exclusive understanding and agreement between you and Metaplex Studios regarding your use of the Service. You may not assign or transfer these Terms or your rights under these Terms, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise, without our prior written consent. We may assign these Terms at any time without notice or consent. The failure to require performance of any provision will not affect our right to require performance at any other time after that, nor will a waiver by us of any breach or default of these Terms, or any provision of these Terms, be a waiver of any subsequent breach or default or a waiver of the provision itself. Use of Section headers in these Terms is for convenience only and will not have any impact on the interpretation of any provision. Throughout these Terms, the use of the word **âincludingâ**  means **âincluding but not limited to.â**  If any part of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect to the greatest extent possible, and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect.
  2. **17.2. Governing Law.**  These Terms are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to conflict of law principles. You and Metaplex Studios submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state courts and federal courts located within San Francisco County, California, for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under these Terms. We operate the Service from our offices in Illinois, and we make no representation that Materials included in Metaplex are appropriate or available for use in other locations.
  3. **17.3. Privacy Policy.**  Please read the [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaplex.com/privacy-policy) carefully for information relating to our collection, use, storage, and disclosure of your personal information. The Metaplex Studios Privacy Policy is incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.
  4. **17.4. Additional Terms.**  Your use of the Service is subject to all additional terms, policies, rules, or guidelines applicable to the Service or certain features of the Service that we may post on or link to from the Service (the **âAdditional Termsâ**). All Additional Terms are incorporated by this reference into, and made a part of, these Terms.
  5. **17.5. Consent to Electronic Communications.**  By using the Service, you consent to receive certain electronic communications from us as further described in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn more about our electronic communications practices. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing.
  6. **17.6. Contact Information.**  The Service is offered by Metaplex Studios, located at 2093 Philadelphia Pike #6382, Claymont, Delaware 19703. You may contact us by sending correspondence to that address or by emailing us at hello@metaplex.com.
  7. **17.7. Notice to California Residents.**  If you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service.
  8. **17.8. No Support.**  We are under no obligation to provide support for the Service. In instances where we may offer support, the support will be subject to published policies.
  9. **17.9. International Use.**  We make no representation that the Service is appropriate or available for use outside of the United States. Access to the Service from countries or territories or by individuals where such access is illegal is prohibited.

**Last Updated: 02/09/23**

  * About

  * [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/metaplex-studios/)
  * [Press Kit](/press)
  * [Blog](/blog)

  * Learn more

  * [Creators](https://studio.metaplex.com/)
  * [Developers](https://docs.metaplex.com/)
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/metaplex-foundation)

  * Legal

  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)
  * [Terms & Disclaimer](/terms-disclaimer)
  * [Bounty Program](/bounty-program)

