[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

## The gateway to Cosmos

Gateway connects liquidity and users from Ethereum and beyond to Cosmos chains
and apps, all with an IBC-based liquidity router.

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole/quick-start/cross-chain-
dev)[Get in touch](/contact)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/47LP13JTZQhgJ8ma1CE0aW/a4339e8067bb8de826b848ce6e458a9a/gasless.svg?w=128&q=75)

Purpose-built for Cosmos

Gateway leverages the flexibility of the Cosmos SDK and CosmWasm to enable
seamless composability between the Wormhole Stack and the Cosmos Ecosystem.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/sV9vnadoEGQQdHEtsrufg/f59df52502ce553747620363a4db1f9c/bridge.svg?w=128&q=75)

No additional bridge fees

Gateway’s purpose is to drive liquidity to grow the Cosmos ecosystem, not to
charge users additional fees for transferring their own assets.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/6HDPkAlU2d8f2fFNJy3BS3/45d0743aa2691982e673c00e76d1b83b/3lines.svg?w=128&q=75)

Fungible assets via IBC

Gateway utilizes the ICS-20 standard for IBC-native token bridging, ensuring
greater fungibility of assets, compliance with Cosmos protocols, and a better
experience for users.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/36pfFbPLlPqWDalxFi5B0b/ab1b19516f41cc15544d460b07d5cc50/user.svg?w=128&q=75)

Deep interchain liquidity

Gateway and the greater Wormhole ecosystem have industry-leading liquidity and
integrations across Ethereum, Solana, and over 25 other chains.

#### One IBC connection to reach all of crypto

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1dWLtearK6D4oic0nZJ8lH/50b7b9dab95399688c9959c284bda04a/Shape.svg?w=1920&q=75)

#### Added security for the Wormhole stack

Battle-tested security

Wormhole Gateway leverages a hardened set of core trust assumptions enforced
by a decentralized set of 19 validators called Guardians. Wormhole has one of
the leading security programs in web3, as confirmed by a team of independent
security professionals as part of Uniswap’s June 2023 bridge assessment
report, where Wormhole was ranked #1 of all protocols evaluated.

Global Accountant

Global Accountant is a CosmWasm-based module that aims to ensure that
fungibility of native and wrapped assets remain in 1:1 parity.  This module
operates as a smart contract on Wormhole Gateway and aims to ensure that at no
time will wrapped assets coming from a blockchain exceed the number of native
assets sent to that blockchain. This Cosmos-based product improves security
for all of crypto.

Governor

The Governor security feature monitors outflows of assets on connected
blockchains and limits asset volume to an acceptable ceiling, slowing down the
potential for cross-chain contagion in the context of an existential smart
contract or connected blockchain vulnerability.

### Integration Process

In addition to message routing, Gateway provides security benefits for the
broader Wormhole Stack and its Guardian nodes.

  1. Get in touch with Wormhole contributors
  2. Your chain approved and relaying goes live
  3. Wormhole governance proposal to add your chain

[Start building](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)

![Integration
Process](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2Vf21G78FbDlIQLVP2Qlej/46ed1a7396e10f70796f98e6d08349fc/Frame_427320692.svg?w=828&q=75)

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

