Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# How DLT is transforming institutional investing landscape: a recap from DA
Week Singapore

  *  __ November 23, 2023
  *  __11 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fbig-techs-role-in-institutional-investing-and-the-blockchain-transformation%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fbig-techs-role-in-institutional-investing-and-the-blockchain-transformation%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

The integration of blockchain technology into the sphere of institutional
investing signals a major shift in how financial markets operate – a hot topic
at a recent panel discussing “Big Tech for Institutional Investing”, part of
the Digital Assets Week _[1]_ , Singapore agenda.

We are witnessing the transition from small issuers to heavyweight financial
institutions in blockchain projects. The emphasis here is on the magic words
of the future: interoperability and compliance. The panelist elucidated the
gains of blockchain, notably in interoperability and the allure of instant
settlement—cornerstones that could redefine transactional operations. The
examples span the entire gamut of finance, from the tokenization of
traditional securities to the digitalization of assets.

This blog is a summary of this dialogue distilling the insights of the
discussion led by Irfan Ahmad, Head of Digital Asset Commercialization, State
Street whose guest speakers were: Sam Ahmed, Managing Director & Group COO for
Treasury & Markets at DBS Bank; Luc Falempin, CEO, Tokeny.com; Seamus
Donoghue, Chief Growth Officer at Metaco and Alexander Green, Co-Founder of
Globaca. The conversation dissected the integration of blockchain and its
impact on the financial sector and the critical need for common standards,
interoperability and robust business use cases within the blockchain
landscape.

### The financial markets and tokenization in the historical context of
adaptation

Sam Ahmed, Managing Director & Group COO for Treasury & Markets at DBS Bank,
provided a historical perspective on the adoption challenges faced by
financial markets in the wake of stringent post-financial crisis regulations.

Delving into the historical evolution of financial markets and their
technology, one must reflect on the period following the global financial
crisis in Pittsburgh, where a multitude of regulations were introduced.

Scrutinizing the entire trade lifecycle—from trading to post-trade processes,
risk management, collateral handling, reporting, and custody—meant that from
2011 to 2018, financial institutions underwent substantial overhauls to align
with new regulatory mandates and market best practices. It was during this
period that banks made significant investments in top-tier systems to manage
various stages of financial instruments’ lifecycles, be it for derivatives or
bonds.

**However, this brings us to an important question: were these changes the
epitome of efficiency?** The emergence of blockchain technology around 2013
raised eyebrows within the banking sector, sparking discussions Ahmed was a
part of regarding the direction of DBS Bank’s infrastructure. The idea of
placing the entire trade lifecycle on a blockchain offered a tantalizing
vision: every process, from trade capture to affirmation, confirmation,
reconciliation, margining, valuation, reporting, and custody, could be
streamlined with blockchain tokenization and smart contracts. Theoretically,
these technologies could facilitate end-to-end settlement in a fraction of the
time—less than three hours was the talk of the day.

One must wonder then,**why didn’t the market leap at this ostensibly optimal
solution?** To draw a parallel, consider central clearing, which is the
process of standardizing the execution of trades through a central exchange.
In 2008, central clearing comprised less than 20% of the market. By 2020, it
had expanded to cover over 90%. The shift towards a centralized structure in
clearing was rapidly adopted by the market. Yet, the clear advantages of
blockchain tokenization and smart contracts were not embraced with the same
vigor.

As the discussion unfolds, the panel delved deeper into this conundrum,
offering insights from a banking perspective on the hesitance to adopt
blockchain technology with the promptness many believed it warranted.

### The status of institutional adoption

  
The institutional adoption of digital assets has indeed progressed
significantly, though it is not fully realized yet.

Luc Falempin, Tokeny.com’s CEO represented a perspective within the industry,
noting that the landscape has undergone substantial shifts over the past six
years. Initially, the field was dominated by smaller issuers looking to
tokenize assets to appeal to crypto investors. However, in the last 12 to 18
months, there has been a noticeable pivot towards larger financial
institutions engaging with blockchain projects.

These institutions acknowledge blockchain as a strategic technology, yet many
are still grappling with how to effectively implement it. They’ve moved past
the phase of mere technological exploration and are now seeking pilot projects
with the potential for scalability. This reflects a shift away from isolated
blockchain endeavors towards projects that incorporate different types of
players and can interconnect within the broader ecosystem.

A key point of evolution has been the realization that the specific underlying
blockchain infrastructure matters less so long as the control over smart
contracts is retained. This is due to advancements in compliance frameworks
embedded at the smart contract level, which alleviate the need to create new,
isolated infrastructures—a common practice among major players like Goldman
Sachs and JP Morgan.

The concept of interoperability has gained paramount importance, as
institutions now recognize the limitations of blockchains that do not work
synergistically with others. The adoption of a common technology stack, such
as EVM-compatible blockchains, could facilitate interconnected networks.

Additionally, the industry’s growing knowledge base and education level have
fostered a more nuanced understanding of blockchain beyond its association
with Bitcoin. The technical capabilities developed over the past few years
have been transferred from IT departments to business and operational teams,
allowing them to see the operational efficiencies and the potential for new
use cases that tokenization provides. These use cases include connecting to
various trading venues, accessing liquidity pools, and automating
collateralization processes.

In essence, while the journey towards full institutional adoption of digital
assets is ongoing, significant strides have been made, and the financial
industry is increasingly recognizing the transformative potential of
blockchain technology for efficiency and innovation in digital asset
management.

Excerpt of Seamus Donoghue, Chief Growth Officer at Metaco on stage at Digital
Assets Week Singapore 2023, during the panel 'Big Tech for Institutional
Digitization'.

### The role of regulatory standards

Sam Ahmed of DBS Bank articulated the challenges hindering the adoption of
blockchain and tokenization in financial markets compared to the successful
push for central clearing. He explained that the global regulators’ unified
and forceful approach, along with the London Clearing House’s dominance in
swaps, facilitated the central clearing movement.

However, in the case of blockchain, there is no consensus among regulators to
move financial markets to blockchain technology. Moreover, unlike swaps, there
isn’t a single dominant exchange for blockchain, but Ahmed emphasizes the need
for interoperability and common standards instead.

DBS Bank has participated in projects like Project Guardian and JP Morgan’s
Onyx to explore blockchain in financial markets, but Ahmed recognizes that
without widespread adoption and a critical mass, fragmentation will persist,
leading to inefficiencies.

To address this, he suggested outsourcing the function of tokenization to
established industry bodies like Swift and ICMA, who could enforce common
standards such as ISO 20022 on-chain.

He stressed the importance of such standards for achieving the necessary
critical mass and participation in a $700 trillion industry. Without these
measures, he argued, fragmentation will prevent the mass adoption of
blockchain and tokenization, which require interoperability and the assurance
of continuity (such as the ability to transfer positions between exchanges
swiftly in case of failures) to thrive in financial markets.

### Institutional use case for banks: stable coins

The primary institutional use case being explored is the tokenization of
assets, especially securities. However, complexities arise due to the
intricate nature of corporate actions and whether these should be represented
on a blockchain is still a topic of debate.

Seamus Donoghue, the Chief Growth Officer at Metaco shared that while banks
are currently less focused on cryptocurrencies, they are keenly interested in
the broader concept of tokenization, with a particular emphasis on stable
coins and the efficiencies they can bring to the banking sector.

Donoghue’s observations underscore the potential for stable coins to rival
traditional transaction systems and the interest from banks in leveraging
blockchain technology to enhance their offerings.

Stable coins have emerged as a pivotal application, rivaling traditional
transactional volumes. For instance, in 2022, stable coin transactions matched
Visa’s $11 trillion, overshadowing PayPal’s $1.4 trillion, and represented a
significant portion of Automated Clearing House (ACH) volume. These volumes,
importantly, are largely retail-driven and not strictly correlated to crypto
market activities, suggesting a broader use case.

One immediate and less complex application for banks could be the creation of
tokenized deposits or utilizing stable coin settlements. This approach has
been exemplified by recent moves from institutions like Lake City Bank, which
have begun tokenizing in this manner. The efficiency gains from stable coins —
such as constant availability for netting, bypassing the limited operating
hours of traditional banks — are a substantial benefit.

### Tokenization standards and interoperability

Standardization in tokenization reemerged over and over again as a theme of
paramount importance. The panel discussed the ERC 3643 token standard, a
beacon of hope for unification that can prevent the wheels of innovation from
being unnecessarily reinvented. They also stressed the significance of
standardized KYC AML processes and a streamlined payment solution to
facilitate tokenization, with regulators playing a key supportive role.

Everyone agreed that the digital asset space is in dire need of a unified
language and adoption approach. A pivotal assertion on the essence of use
cases and business applications in determining technology application.
Education and collaboration thus emerge as the twin pillars necessary to craft
appropriate standards.

The panel’s discourse made it abundantly clear that blockchain technology’s
incursion into institutional investing is both irreversible and
transformative. The conversation offered a roadmap that is studded with
challenges but also abounds with unparalleled opportunities. As the financial
industry pivots towards a blockchain-driven paradigm, the success of this
transition hinges on coherent standardization, regulatory engagement, and
strategic collaboration across the ecosystem. The future of finance, it
appears, will be written on the blocks of a distributed ledger.

[1] “Singapore – Digital Assets Week.”
[https://daweek.org/singapore/](https://daweek.org/singapore/). Accessed 3
Nov. 2023.



## Subscribe to future **Metaco insights**

[ Subscribe](https://go.metaco.com/l/1003211/2023-09-22/qzqx "Subscribe")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Digital Assets Week Singapore: Big Tech for Institutional
Digitization](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAbWKUwTGUM)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAbWKUwTGUM&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 2:00•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAbWKUwTGUM "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lAbWKUwTGUM), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

