[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaGlnaGxpZ2h0cy1mcm9tLWN6cy1tZW5hLWFtYS04MjQwNDA3OTYzMjU2Mjc4OTA0P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaGlnaGxpZ2h0cy1mcm9tLWN6cy1tZW5hLWFtYS04MjQwNDA3OTYzMjU2Mjc4OTA0P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Highlights From CZ’s MENA AMA

2023-04-06

## Main Takeaways

  * From March 22 to April 4, we ran different activities, rewards, and community initiatives every day for 14 days as part of our dedicated Ramadan Calendar.

  * One of those events was a special Binance Live AMA with Changpeng Zhao (CZ), Binance’s CEO, during which he answered as many questions from the community as possible, with a particular focus on the MENA (Middle East and North Africa) region.

  * CZ believes that MENA is one of the best places to do business in the world. “I find that people here are very humble, very business-driven, very reasonable, and very friendly.”

  * Too many people talk about price. Anytime the price moves, there's a lot of discussion. The industry should focus on building utility — basically products that people use.

  * Adoption of blockchain and crypto is accelerating. What gets built will shape the future.

_What follows is a summary of CZ’s answers to some of the questions he
received during a Binance Live AMA on March 22, 2023. This transcript has been
edited for length and clarity._

##
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230406/f0490f74-6ec1-4e08-a877-76c30e9da606)  
Middle East & North Africa (MENA)

_You visit the Middle East region quite a lot. What have you found most
inspiring about the predominantly Muslim culture there?_

**CZ:** Well, I'm not just visiting. I'm based here now. This is my base. I
fly back, dump my dirty clothes, get new ones, and fly out. What I find is the
Muslim or Middle East regions — they're quite often misunderstood. The Western
media portray them with a level of skepticism or narrative that's quite
unfair, in my opinion, kind of how they treat crypto. I find that people here
are very humble, very business-driven, very reasonable, and very friendly. So
I find this is one of the best places to do business in the world.

## Education and Charity

 _How important is it for Binance to be giving back through Binance Charity
and Web3 education?_

**CZ:** First of all, I think education is super, super important. It’s the
best way to increase adoption. People learn. They come in and learn about the
risks, the rewards, and what the technology can do — that's the best way to
proper adoption. And education is also the best charity. When you teach
somebody to fish, you help them for life instead of just giving them direct
money. But education is long-term. There are times when we do need our charity
efforts to ramp up. For example, when there's an earthquake or a war, we need
to deploy funds very quickly, as people need immediate help.

## Web3 Adoption

 _How do you think the industry can best help drive Web3 adoption?_

**CZ:** I think the number one thing would be to focus on utility and not
price. Too many people talk about price. Anytime the price moves, there's a
lot of discussion. But unless you’re a day trader, you shouldn't be too
worried about price. We as an industry should focus on building utility —
basically products that people use.

I also think we need to work very closely with regulators. In our industry,
there's a view that we want to get away from governments, from regulators.
That's not the best approach. We need to make incremental innovations,
incremental approaches, and we need to make sure the regulators are
comfortable with us.

## MENA and Blockchain

 _Countries in the MENA region seem to be particularly forward-thinking when
it comes to blockchain and new financial technology. What's your view of
that?_

**CZ:** Well, the overall MENA region is very business-driven. The leaders are
very forward-thinking. They understand they cannot rely on oil forever and
that they need to build new industries. And we see them welcoming new
blockchain tech and new crypto startups. I think when I first came to Dubai,
there were maybe half a dozen crypto companies. Today, there are probably more
than 700. I also see other cities in the region growing very quickly as well.
So yeah, I think this is one of the best places to be.

But we’ve got to have a global view. Blockchain doesn't work if it's only one
note. So we need a network all around the world. There are many different
places. I've been spending quite a lot of time in Africa, which has huge
potential in the long term because of the population, and because many don't
have access to banking. They're kind of financially excluded right now. We’re
trying to give them that access.

## The Benefit of Hindsight

 _What do you wish you had known when you were starting out?_

**CZ:** With hindsight, there are a lot of things I’d have done differently. I
think I probably would've wanted to come to the MENA region earlier. We
probably should have engaged with the regulators globally a lot earlier and
made earlier educational efforts. I probably should have learned Arabic
earlier. But we knew what we knew at the time, and we made the decisions we
thought were best. Just keep moving forward.

## Setting the Right Goals

 _How do you plan on staying the biggest?_

**CZ:** The goal shouldn't be: "We want to be the biggest." That's the wrong
goal. We just do our best and we are who we are. Being big or small is not an
issue for me personally. Our goal is not to be the biggest or to maximize
profits or stuff like that. It's just to do what we do well and be sustainable
and provide value to our users.

We build a stable, safe platform for people to exchange assets and provide a
marketplace for people to access liquidity, and that's what we do best.
Somebody does that better, or somebody does that slightly differently; they
become bigger. That's that. We can try to learn from them; we can try to
improve.

## On/Off-Ramps and Banks

 _Is Binance exploring the idea of its own bank as a solution to fiat on/off-
ramps?_

**CZ:** There are many different types of fiat on/off-ramps, and there’s no
global solution. Buying a bank doesn't solve the problem. It's not as simple
as that. Banks are highly regulated, which means they're highly molded. You
have to operate in a very certain way. There’s almost zero innovation. You're
forced to lend customer money to make money, and you're forced into not having
a one-to-one depository reserve system.

Having said that, we’re exploring all options. So we’re talking with different
regulatory bodies about applying for banking licenses, buying banks, and also
operating full depository banks. So one-to-one reserves; no lending. We’re
exploring. We have people working on these initiatives. But there's no single
global on/off-ramp solution.

Each country's different. But that gives Binance the edge. We’re large enough
that we have the resources to work on different solutions globally as a single
platform. That gives our users the best liquidity and the best prices. It's a
very long and detailed topic.

## The Future

 _What do you think Web3 will look like in five years?_

**CZ:** Predicting the future is so hard, especially the short-term future.
We’re seeing accelerated adoption of blockchain and crypto technologies. But
specifically, what that future looks like, depends on entrepreneurs and what
they build.

We can't predict the future precisely, but we can see that technological
innovation does not stop. You cannot erase or backtrack concepts in people's
minds. Hundreds of millions of people understand the blockchain concept. What
we’re seeing is more and more users coming in. There are more and more
projects, they're building more use cases, there’s more utility, and there are
more users.

## Further Reading

  * [CZ’s Principles](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-principles-6343713009794494746)

  * [CZ on Time Management](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/cz-on-time-management-937115089915394194)

  * [CZ’s Book Recommendations](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/czs-book-recommendations-3164932959824224096)

195,057,523 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Highlights From CZ’s MENA AMA

Main Takeaways

Education and Charity

Web3 Adoption

MENA and Blockchain

The Benefit of Hindsight

Setting the Right Goals

On/Off-Ramps and Banks

The Future

Further Reading

195,057,523 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

