Skip to content

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Total Return Index (MVETHTR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-total-return)

**Last Close:** 144.70/100

[ MarketVector™ Figment Ethereum Staking Reward Reference Rate Index (STKR)
](https://www.marketvector.com/indexes/digital-assets/marketvector-figment-
ethereum-staking-reward-reference-rate)

**Last Close:** 3.53%

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

  * [Staking __](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?__](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH __](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians __](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator __](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All __](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products __](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app __](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs __](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators __](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage __](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data __](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking __](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs __](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions __](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management __](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces __](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets __](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company __](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About __](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog __](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers __](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events __](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press __](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security __](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

  * [Meet With Us __](https://figment.io/company/meet-with-us/)

  * [Sign In __](https://auth0.figment.io/u/login?state=hKFo2SBaVXI3VlhEUmNOVHZzR0E3OVVFZDBUN21uMlRlUVNXTqFur3VuaXZlcnNhbC1sb2dpbqN0aWTZIHdtYTBFS29FQmRqQmFRTzFtakdaZHQtVW1KSkwxNE1Po2NpZNkgMFl4YzNDVk9Iakd3Tzc4RDJEbzVoT1pHUlM4V1A3WEs)

  * [Staking ____](https://figment.io/staking-2/)
    * [What is Staking?______](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
    * [ Stake ETH ______](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
    * [ Custodians ______](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
    * [ Rewards Calculator ______](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)
  * [Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
    * [Ethereum ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
    * [ EigenLayer ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/eigenlayer/)
    * [ Solana ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
    * [ Celestia ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
    * [ Polkadot ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
    * [ Polygon ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
    * [ All ______](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [Products ____](https://figment.io/products/)
    * [Staking app ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
    * [ APIs ______](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
    * [ Validators ______](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
    * [ Slashing Coverage ______](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
    * [ Staking Data ______](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
    * [ Liquid Staking ______](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
    * [ Developer Docs ______](https://docs.figment.io/)
  * [Solutions ____](https://figment.io/solutions/)
    * [Asset Management ______](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
    * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ______](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
    * [ Custodians & Wallets ______](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)
  * [Company ____](https://figment.io/company/)
    * [About ______](https://figment.io/company/about/)
    * [ Blog ______](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
    * [ Careers ______](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
    * [ Events ______](https://figment.io/resources/events/)
    * [ Press ______](https://figment.io/company/press/)
    * [ Infrastructure & Security ______](https://trustpage.figment.io/)

# General Terms of Use

**Last Updated: May 9 th, 2023**

By directly or indirectly accessing, including, without limitation, by
accessing our Website (defined below) through Linked Sites (defined below) or
otherwise using our Website or any portion thereof, you and any organization
you may be acting on behalf of are, and agree to be, bound to these general
terms of use (“**Terms of Use** ”). These Terms of Use describe your rights
and responsibilities with regards to the Figment Inc. website located at
figment.io and at docs.figment.io (“**Website** ”). Use of the Website is
governed by and subject to these Terms of Use and our [policy](/privacy-
policy/) pertaining to our uses of your information (“**Privacy Policy** ”).
By directly or indirectly accessing the Website or any portion thereof, you
acknowledge that you have read and understand these Terms of Use and our
Privacy Policy.

These Terms of Use are entered into, and create a legally binding agreement,
by and between you, and any organization you are acting on behalf of (“**you**
,” “**your** ,” or “**yourself** ”) and Figment Inc. (“**Figment** ”, “**we**
,” “**our** ,” or “**us** ”). For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent you
are acting on behalf of an organization, you understand and acknowledge that
the terms “**you** ,” “**your,** ” and “**yourself** ” shall refer to such
organization. We may amend or modify these Terms of Use at any time and for
any reason. The amended or modified Terms of Use are effective immediately
upon us posting them or otherwise making them available on our Website. By
continuing to access our Website you agree to such amended or modified Terms
of Use. You agree that you are responsible for reviewing the Terms of Use and
Privacy Policy and any amendments or modifications thereto. If you do not
agree with the Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, your sole and exclusive
remedy is to stop using the Website.  

You and your use of the Website may also be subject to other terms and
conditions that are provided to you or posted on the Website that are specific
to a particular Figment service or policy (“**Other Figment Policies** ”). You
acknowledge that you understand and agree to such Other Figment Policies. To
the extent any such Other Figment Policies include additional terms that are
not covered by or are inconsistent with these Terms of Use, the terms and
conditions of the Other Figment Policies will supersede these Terms of Use
unless indicated otherwise by us.

**1\. Definitions.** The definitions for certain defined terms used in these
Terms of Use are set out below. Other terms are defined elsewhere in these
Terms of Use.

1.1. “**Digital Assets** ” means any digital blockchain asset subject to
Figment’s staking-as-a-service.

1.2. “**Digital Wallet** ” means the wallet or similar device or software used
to store Digital Assets.

‍

**2\. ACCESS AND USE**

2.1. **Website Access**. Subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms of
Use, we hereby grant you a non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, non-
sublicensable limited license to access and use our Website.

2.2. **Your Information**. To access some of the resources or services offered
by our Website, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or
other information. You covenant and agree that any such information you
provide on the Website is correct, current, and complete, including, but not
limited to, your Digital Wallet address and any other information used to
access any services provided under or in connection with our Website. You
acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for verifying the
accuracy of such information, and to the extent that any such information is
inaccurate, we hereby disclaim any losses or damages you incur in connection
with such inaccurate or incomplete information. You agree that any information
you provide to register with this Website or otherwise, including, but not
limited to, through the use of any features on the Website, is governed by our
Privacy Policy.

2.3. **Modifications and Changes to the Website**. We reserve the right to
modify or otherwise change this Website and any portion thereof, including,
but not limited to, its functionality, interface(s) or any other feature of
the Website at any time and for whatever reason and with no notice to you. We
will not be liable if for any reason all or any part of the Website is
unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict
access to some parts of the Website, or the entire Website, and to the extent
such unavailability impacts any of the services offered by us, we expressly
disclaim any liability for any losses or damages incurred in connection with
such unavailability, including, but not limited to, any loss of value of your
Digital Assets or any other assets linked to us through your Digital Wallet or
otherwise made available to us on our Website.

2.4. **Your Contributions**. This Website includes functionality that may
allow you to communicate and exchange ideas, information, data, and your
content with us and other users of the Website (“**Contributions** ”). You
acknowledge and understand that your Contributions may be public and viewable
or otherwise accessible by such other Website users. As such, to the extent
that you elect to post or otherwise provide Contributions, you acknowledge and
agree that (i) your Contributions will not contain information or data that is
confidential or otherwise subject to an obligation of confidentiality by you
or others, (ii) there is no guarantee that such Contributions will be private,
and (iii) your Contributions will adhere to the terms and conditions set forth
in Section ‎4. You acknowledge and agree that we may remove your Contributions
for any reason, including, but not limited to as set forth in Section ‎12, at
any time and with no notice to you.

By posting or otherwise providing Contributions to our Website you hereby
grant us a non-exclusive, irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free, sublicensable,
transferable license to copy, display, perform, reproduce, distribute, or
otherwise use such Contributions, and any intellectual property rights
therein, in (i) the Website, (ii) any product or service provided by us or on
our behalf, or (iii) in any of our research and developments efforts, and (iv)
as otherwise permitted by law.

‍

**3\. ELIGIBILITY  **

3.1. In order to use the Website, you covenant and agree that the following
are true:

  1. You are of age 18 or over; and
  2. You have the authority and right to be bound by these Terms of Use, including the authority and right to bind any organization you are acting on behalf of. 

‍

**4\. RESTRICTION ON USE**

4.1. You covenant and agree that you will not use, directly or indirectly, or
encourage or permit others to use, our Website in violation with these Terms
of Use. You further agree that you shall not:

  1. Use or attempt to use the Website for any person other than yourself;
  2. Access or use the Website in any manner or for any purpose that  infringes, misappropriates, or otherwise violates any intellectual property rights, privacy rights or any other right of any third party, including, but not limited to, by your use of framing or mirrors;
  3. Directly or indirectly take any action or use the Website in any manner that could damage, destroy, disrupt, disable, impair, overburden, or otherwise impede or harm in any manner our Website or any content, in whole or in part, or interfere with any other user’s use and enjoyment of the Website;
  4. Disrupt, interfere with, violate the security of, or attempt to gain unauthorized access to our Website any portion thereof or any computer network or system that supports our Website; 
  5. Bypass, breach, avoid, remove, deactivate, impair, descramble, or otherwise circumvent any security device, protection, or technological measure implemented by us or any of our service providers to protect our Website and its content;
  6. Use or introduce any device, malware, software, virus, Trojan horse, worms, logic bombs, or any other material that (i) is malicious or harmful to the Website in any way, or (ii) interferes with the function of the Website or any portion thereof; 
  7. Extract any Website data by scrapping or the use of any other means;
  8. Use any methods or technology that allows users or third parties to access the Website through deep linking or any other measure that directly links to any internal portion of our Website;
  9. Post, submit or otherwise make availably any Contributions that (i) are threatening, tortious, defamatory, libelous, indecent, obscene, pornographic invasive of another’s privacy or otherwise violate any law, including but not limited to, data privacy laws, (ii) disclose any information about a third party, including, but not limited to, their email, postal address, phone number, credit card information or any other similar information which can be used with any of the foregoing to reasonably identify the identity of such third party, or (iii) otherwise violate or breach this Section ‎4 or the Terms of Use; or
  10. Encourage or enable any other individual to do any of the foregoing.

‍

**5\. TERMINATION  **

5.1. You acknowledge and agree that (i) your limited license in Section ‎2.1
may be suspended for any period of time or otherwise terminated by us at any
time and for any reason, (ii) we may shut down, suspend, terminate or
otherwise make the Website or any portion thereof, unavailable to you for any
period of time or indefinitely, and (iii) we may not provide you notice of
such termination or such unavailability of the Website. We hereby disclaim any
losses or damages incurred by you, including, but not limited to, any loss of
value of those Digital Assets made subject to any services provided or
otherwise offered under or in connection with our Website.  

5.2. **Survival**. The following Sections shall survive termination of the
Terms of Use: ‎2.4 (Your Contributions), ‎6 (Intellectual Property), ‎8
(Representations and Warranties), ‎9 (Disclaimer), ‎10 (Limitation of
Liability), ‎11 (Indemnity), and ‎12 (Copyright Infringement Claims).

‍

**6\. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  **

6.1. **Ownership**. As between Figment and you, Figment is the sole and
exclusive owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Website and its
content (other than your Contributions which are licensed to us under Section
‎2.4) features and functionality, including, without limitation, all
information, software, text, displays, images, video, audio, and the
selection, design and arrangement thereof, and any modifications,
enhancements, derivatives thereto and all intellectual property rights
therein. No other right, title or interest in or to the Website is transferred
to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by us.

Certain names, logos, and other materials displayed in and through the Website
may constitute trademarks, trade names, service marks or logos
(“**Trademarks** ”) of Figment. You acknowledge and agree that you are not
authorized to use any such Trademarks without the express written permission
of Figment. Ownership of all such Trademarks and the goodwill associated
therewith accrues to and remains exclusively and solely owned by Figment.

6.2. **Reservation of Rights**. Except for the limited license granted to you
in Section ‎2.1, nothing in these Terms of Use transfers or grants to you, by
implication, waiver, estoppel, or otherwise, any license to, or any right,
title, or interest in or to any intellectual property rights, industrial
rights, or other similar rights owned or controlled by Figment anywhere in the
world.

6.3. **Feedback**. From time to time you may provide us with suggestions,
ideas or other information relating to the Website, its features,
functionality or any service provided under or in connection with the Website
(“**Feedback** ”). You acknowledge and agree that such Feedback shall inure to
the benefit of Figment and shall be our exclusive intellectual property. As
such, you hereby assign to Figment any and all right, title, and interest in
and to your Feedback, including any intellectual property rights therein.
**‍**

‍

**7\. PRIVACY**

We understand the importance of confidentiality and privacy regarding your
information. Please see our [Privacy
Policy](https://www.figment.io/legal/privacy-policy) for a description of how
we may collect, use and disclose your information in connection with the
Website.

‍

**8\. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES**

8.1. **Your Representations and Warranties**. You represent and warrant that:
(i) to the extent that you are acting on behalf of an organization, you have
the right and authority to bind such organization to these Terms of Use and
such organization is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing
under the appropriate jurisdiction of organization; (ii) you, and any
organization you are acting on behalf of, have the right to enter into these
Terms of Use; (iii) you have all requisite power and authority to, and no
other proceedings on your part are necessary to, execute and deliver these
Terms of Use; (iv) your performance of your duties and obligations under these
Terms of Use and in connection with your use of the Website and any services
offered under or in connection with these Term of Use shall comply with all
applicable laws, rules, and regulations; (v) you and the organization or
entity you may be acting on behalf of are not located in a prohibited
jurisdiction; (vi) you have the full legal authority and right to be bound to
these Terms of Use; (vii) you will comply or otherwise adhere to those
obligations, duties and restrictions set forth in Section ‎4; (viii) you are
not listed by the U.S. Government, any other government or legal authority as
a prohibited or restricted party; (ix) your Contributions and your use of the
Website shall not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the
intellectual property rights and privacy rights of any other right of any
third party; (x) you have the rights, permissions and authority to grant us
the licenses and rights granted to us in these Term of Use; and (xi) you are
not subject to any restriction or prohibition that would limit or prohibit
your use of the Website in accordance with these Terms of Use.  **‍**

‍

**9\. DISCLAIMER  **

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT OUR WEBSITE AND ITS CONTENT, FEATURES AND
FUNCTIONALITY ARE PROVIDED BY US ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.
FURTHER, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE AND RELIANCE OF THE WEBSITE,
OUR CONTENT, FEATURES OR DATA SUBMITTED BY YOU OR OTHER USERS IS AT YOUR SOLE
RISK.  TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, FIGMENT AND ITS OFFICERS,
DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS MAKE NO
REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL EXPRESS,
IMPLIED, STATUTORY, OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT TO OUR WEBSITE, ITS
CONTENT, ITS FEATURES, OR OTHERWISE IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS OF USE,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FREEDOM FROM DEFECTS, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, AVAILABILITY, QUALITY, SECURITY, ACCURACY, FREEDOM
FROM VIRUSES OR MALWARE, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS, FUNCTIONALITY, RELIABILITY,
OR SPEED OF DELIVERY.  WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER FIGMENT NOR ANY
OF OUR REPRESENTATIVES REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENT
WILL BE ERROR-FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE
WEBSITE OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE IT AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER
HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE WEBSITE, ITS CONTENT, OR SERVICES MADE
AVAILABLE UNDER OR CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS
OR EXPECTATIONS.  

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT THE WEBSITE MAY CONTAIN DATA PROVIDED TO US BY
A THIRD PARTY.  THIS DATA MAY HAVE BEEN COLLECTED BY A THIRD PARTY PURSUANT TO
THAT THIRD PARTY’S PRIVACY POLICY AND/OR AN AUTHORIZATION OR CONSENT.  FIGMENT
AND OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, AND
AGENTS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ANY AND
ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO ANY DATA
PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES AND INCLUDED IN THE WEBSITE OR USED IN ANY SERVICES
MADE AVAILABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE.  EXCEPT AS MAY BE SET
FORTH IN OTHER FIGMENT POLICIES, FIGMENT AND OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
MANAGERS, PARTNERS, MEMBERS, EMPLOYEES, AND AGENTS ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY
DATA PROVIDED TO FIGMENT BY A THIRD PARTY AND INCLUDED IN THE WEBSITE OR ANY
PORTION THEREOF.

‍

**10\. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY**

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT FOR ACTS OF GROSS
NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCE AND REGARDLESS
OF THE NATURE OF ANY CLAIM SHALL FIGMENT BE LIABLE UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE TO
YOU, THE ORGANIZATION YOU ACT ON BEHALF OF,  OR TO ANY OTHER PARTY FOR ANY
CLAIMS, LIABILITIES, LOSSES, COSTS OR DAMAGES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR ENHANCED DAMAGES
OR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, INTEREST, ATTORNEYS’ FEES, OR ANY LOSS OR
DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR IN CONNECTION TO YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE OR ANY
SERVICES, PRODUCTS, CONTENT OR DATA AVAILABLE FROM THE WEBSITE. TO THE MAXIMUM
EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TO THE EXTENT OUR LIABILITY IS NOT ALREADY
EXCLUDED BY THE FOREGOING, OUR AGGREGATE LIABILITY UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THESE TERMS OF USE,  OUR WEBSITE, YOUR CONTRIBUTIONS, AND ANY DATA OR
INFORMATION PROVIDED UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OUR WEBSITE SHALL OTHERWISE
BE LIMITED TO AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO ONE HUNDRED U.S. DOLLARS ($100).

‍

**11\. INDEMNITY  **

You shall indemnify, defend, and hold Figment and any of our officers,
directors, employees, successors, and assignees harmless from and against any
and all losses, including, but not limited to, third-party claims, suffered by
us arising from your (i) breach of these Terms of Use; (ii) breach of your
representations and warranties and/or covenants made hereunder; (iii) use of
our Website, its content or features in violation of these Terms of Use or in
any other unauthorized manner; (iv) your infringement, misappropriation, or
violation of the rights of any other person or organization; (v) any content,
material, Contributions or information (in any form or medium) that you
submit, post, upload, provide, contribute, or make available through the
Website’s features; and/or (vi) violation of any and all applicable laws,
rules, or regulations. If you are obligated to defend us, we have the right to
control any action if we want and you shall  not settle any action without our
consent, unless the settlement is only for money damages, which you shall
entirely pay.

‍

**12\. COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS**

Figment reserves the right to remove any Contributions, content or any other
material or information available on or through our Website, at any time, for
any reason, which you may have posted or otherwise provided. Figment otherwise
complies with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright act
(“**DMCA** ”) applicable to internet service providers (17 U.S.C. § 512, as
amended), and responds to clear notices of alleged copyright infringement. If
you have a good faith belief that your copyrighted works are subject to a DMCA
takedown, submit the information below:  

  1. An electronic signature or physical signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner;
  2. Identification and description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed and its location on our Website;
  3. Information reasonably sufficient for us to contact you; 
  4. A statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted work is not authorized by its recorded owner; and 
  5. A statement, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information is accurate, and that you are the copyright owner or their designated agent who is authorized to act on their behalf.  

If you have objections to copyrighted content or material made available on or
through our website, you may submit a notification with the above information
to our designated agent at the following address:  

Figment: [legal@figment.io](mailto:legal@figment.io)

**13\. MISCELLANEOUS**

13.1. **Waiver**.  The failure of us to insist upon strict adherence to any
term of these Terms of Use on any occasion shall not be considered a waiver
nor shall it deprive us of the right thereafter to insist upon strict
adherence to that term or any term of these Terms of Use. Any waiver must be
in writing signed by us.

13.2. **Severability**. If, for any reason, any part of these Terms of Use is
adjudicated invalid, unenforceable or illegal by a court of competent
jurisdiction, such adjudication will not affect or impair, in whole or in
part, the validity, enforceability or legality of any remaining portions of
these Terms of Use.

13.3. **Assignment**. You shall not assign or transfer (whether by operation
of law or otherwise) these Terms of Use (or any rights or obligations
hereunder) to a third party.

13.4. **Exclusive Forum**. Any claim, dispute, or controversy arising out of
or relating to the Terms of Use including, but not limited to, the
arbitrability of any claim, dispute or controversy, or the breach,
termination, enforcement, interpretation, validity, or scope hereof shall be
resolved by private, confidential and binding arbitration. Such arbitration
shall be conducted by a single arbitrator. The arbitrator shall be appointed
by written agreement of the parties or, in the absence of an agreement, such
arbitrator shall be appointed by a judge upon the application of either party.
Arbitration shall be held in  Toronto, Ontario, unless otherwise agreed by the
parties in writing. The arbitration procedure to be followed shall be agreed
in writing by the parties or, in absence of an agreement, determined by the
arbitrator. The arbitration shall proceed in accordance with the provisions of
the _Arbitration Act, 1991 (Ontario)_. Subject to any right of appeal, the
decision arrived at by the arbitrator shall be final and binding. Judgment
upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction.

13.5. **Class Action Waiver**. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained herein, any arbitration pursuant to these Terms of Use must be on an
individual basis. As a result, you agree not to join or consolidate claims in
an arbitration by or against any other person, or litigate in court or
arbitrate any claims as a representative or member of a class or private
attorney general action.

13.6. **Cooperation and Assurances**. You acknowledge that we may be obligated
to report certain activities or information to relevant authorities related to
your use of the Website or any of the services provided under or in connection
with the Website. As a result, you agree to promptly provide such information
or cooperation as we may reasonably request in order to address any matter
with, or inquiries by, any regulatory authorities related to the Website or
any services provided under or in connection with the Website.

13.7. **Linked Sites and Hyperlinks**. The Website may contain hyperlinks or
references to other websites (“**Linked Sites** ”) operated by third parties.
This includes links contained in advertisements, including banner
advertisements and sponsored links. The Linked Sites may not be under our
control; therefore, we are not responsible for the information, products or
services described thereon, or for the content of or any resources referenced
in any Linked Site, including, without limitation, any link contained in a
Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. We are providing
these Linked Sites to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link
does not necessarily imply an endorsement of the Linked Site or any
association with its operators or owners. Your use of these Linked Sites is at
your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such Linked
Sites. We are not liable to you in any way, either directly or indirectly, for
any content, errors, damage or loss caused by or in connection with use of or
reliance on information contained in or provided to Linked Sites.

To the extent you have arrived to the Website through a Linked Site, you
understand and agree that we are not responsible for the information, products
or services described on those Linked Sites and only these Terms of Use will
apply to your use of or access to the Website.

13.8. **Force Majeure**. No party will be held liable or responsible to any
other party nor be deemed to have breached these Terms of Use for failure or
delay in fulfilling or performing any provision hereunder when such failure or
delay results from causes beyond the reasonable control of the affected party,
which may include embargoes, acts of war (whether declared or not),
insurrections, riots, civil commotions, acts of terrorism, strikes, lockouts
or other labor disturbances, pandemics, epidemics or acts of God (a “**Force
Majeure Event** ”). The affected party will notify the other party of such
Force Majeure Event as soon as reasonably practical and will make every
reasonable effort to mitigate the effects of such Force Majeure Event.

[
![](data:image/png;base64,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)
](https://figment.io)

## Sign up for our newsletter

Email(Required)

Alternative:

WPA

Figment respects your privacy. By submitting this form, you are acknowledging
that you have read and agree to our [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy/), which
details how we collect and use your information.

[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/figment-io/)

[](https://twitter.com/Figment_io)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@Figment_io)

#### Staking

  * [What is Staking?____](https://figment.io/staking/what-is-staking/)
  * [ Stake ETH ____](https://figment.io/staking/stake-eth/)
  * [ Protocols ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/)
  * [ Custodians ____](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/)
  * [ Rewards Calculator ____](https://figment.io/staking/rewards-calculator/)

#### Protocols

  * [Ethereum ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/ethereum/)
  * [ Solana ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/solana/)
  * [ Celestia ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/celestia/)
  * [ Polkadot ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polkadot/)
  * [ Polygon ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/polygon/)
  * [ Sui ____](https://figment.io/staking/protocols/sui/)
  * [ All ____](https://figment.io/?page_id=93994)

#### Products

  * [Staking app ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-app/)
  * [ APIs ____](https://figment.io/products/apis/)
  * [ Validators ____](https://figment.io/products/validators/)
  * [ Slashing Coverage ____](https://figment.io/products/slashing-coverage/)
  * [ Staking Data ____](https://figment.io/products/staking-data/)
  * [ Liquid Staking ____](https://figment.io/products/liquid-staking/)
  * [ Developer Docs ____](https://docs.figment.io/)

#### Solutions

  * [Asset Management ____](https://figment.io/solutions/asset-management/)
  * [ Exchanges & Marketplaces ____](https://figment.io/solutions/exchanges-marketplaces/)
  * [ Custodians & Wallets ____](https://figment.io/solutions/custodians-wallets/)

#### Company

  * [About ____](https://figment.io/company/about/)
  * [ Blog ____](https://figment.io/company/blog/)
  * [ Careers ____](https://boards.greenhouse.io/figment)
  * [ Press ____](https://figment.io/company/press/)
  * [ Infrastructure & Security ____](https://trustpage.figment.io/)
  * [ Events ____](https://figment.io/resources/events/)

© 2024 Figment

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

  *   * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  *   * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  *   * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)
  * 

  * [Responsible Disclosure __](https://figment.io/responsible-disclosure/)
  * [ Staking Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/staking-terms-of-use/)
  * [ General Terms of Use __](https://figment.io/general-terms-of-use/)
  * [ Privacy Policy __](https://figment.io/privacy-policy/)

__ Go to Top

Notifications

