Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [foundation](/en/foundation/)

Page last updated: December 8, 2023

On this page

  * Ethereum Foundation Initiatives
    * Ecosystem Support Program
    * Devcon
    * Fellowship Program

# About the Ethereum Foundation

![Ethereum Foundation logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fef-
logo.3b661061.png&w=1920&q=75)

The [Ethereum Foundation(opens in a new tab)](http://ethereum.foundation/)
(EF) is a non-profit organization dedicated to supporting [Ethereum](/en/what-
is-ethereum/) and related technologies.

The EF is not a company, or even a traditional non-profit. Their role is not
to control or lead Ethereum, nor are they the only organization that funds
critical development of Ethereum-related technologies. The EF is one part of a
much larger [ecosystem](/en/community/).

## Ethereum Foundation Initiatives

### Ecosystem Support Program

The [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new
tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation/) exists to provide both financial and
non-financial support to projects and entities within the greater Ethereum
community, in order to accelerate the growth of the ecosystem. The Ecosystem
Support Program is an expansion of the original Ethereum Grants Program which
mainly focused on financial support.

Learn more about the Ecosystem Support Program, past grant recipients, and the
grant application process at [esp.ethereum.foundation(opens in a new
tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation/). You can also view the [Ecosystem
Support Program Blog(opens in a new
tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/category/ecosystem-support-program/) or follow
[@EF_ESP(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/EF_ESP) for their latest
news and announcements.

### Devcon

Since 2014, the Ethereum Foundation has organized Devcon, the annual
conference for all Ethereum developers, researchers, thinkers, and makers.

You can access video content of conference presentations for every year since
its inception at [archive.devcon.org(opens in a new
tab)](https://archive.devcon.org/).

Learn more at [devcon.org(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/), check out
the [Devcon Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/en/blogs/), or follow
[@efdevcon(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/EFDevcon) for the latest
announcements.

### Fellowship Program

The [Ethereum Foundation Fellowship Program(opens in a new
tab)](https://fellowship.ethereum.foundation/) is an initiative to help
address gaps in representation across cultures, nationalities, and economic
classes. The Fellowship Program is about bridging these gaps by identifying
and supporting unique and talented individuals helping to enable Ethereumâ€™s
relevance, and breaking down barriers to entry for those underrepresented
people and communities who will become the future of Web3.

[Learn more at fellowship.ethereum.foundation(opens in a new
tab)](https://fellowship.ethereum.foundation/).

  

For more on the Foundation and their work, visit [ethereum.foundation(opens in
a new tab)](http://ethereum.foundation/), or check out the [Ethereum
Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/) for the EF's
latest news and announcements.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * On this page

    * Ethereum Foundation Initiatives
      * Ecosystem Support Program
      * Devcon
      * Fellowship Program

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

