[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmRzLXRoZS1iZXN0LWdpZnQtZm9yLWV2ZXJ5b25lLW9uLXlvdXItbGlzdC04MzIxNjM2MzcxOTM1MjM2OTc3P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmRzLXRoZS1iZXN0LWdpZnQtZm9yLWV2ZXJ5b25lLW9uLXlvdXItbGlzdC04MzIxNjM2MzcxOTM1MjM2OTc3P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Gift Cards: The Best Gift For Everyone on Your List

2022-11-01

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Gift Cards are digital gift cards that you can use to send and receive crypto and selected fiat currencies with zero fees. They are great versatile gifts for any season.

  * On top of making fuss-free and convenient gifts for any occasion, Binance Gift Cards also offer practical everyday use cases.

_From a cutting-edge trendy gift to a hassle-free way to send crypto to family
and friends, Binance Gift Cards are loved by many for their versatility.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221101/453c739d-056c-4cb1-b8af-e4f62efb2bc4)

Gearing up for the upcoming holiday season? Get a headstart and prepare for
the holidays with Binance Gift Cards – a practical and highly customizable
gift fit for any occasion and season.

## Binance Gift Cards: Elevating the Traditional Gifting Experience

Crypto e-gift cards are not only practical gifts, but also incredibly
flexible. Thanks to the highly customizable nature of Binance Gift Cards, you
can make them as meaningful as you like. With over 50 templates and 270
cryptocurrencies to choose from, you can send a digital crypto gift card to
anyone, anywhere in the world – regardless of whether they are Binance users
or not. Whether you're looking to send a loved one a special holiday-themed
gift card or a [BTC gift card](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/buy-
send-and-gift-bitcoin-with-binance-gift-card-marketplace-2893347957147366863),
we've got you covered.

Although it's in the name, gifts are not the only reason to use Binance Gift
Cards. By waiving the minimum transfer amount, users can also use Binance Gift
Cards as a fee-free transfer service to send crypto to anyone in the world via
the [Transfer Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/transfer) function.

## Why Give the Gift of Crypto

We've already touched on the benefits of sending a crypto gift card via
Binance, but that's just the tip of the iceberg. As one of the most popular
topics in recent years, crypto makes for a great conversation starter and can
even potentially make a lasting impression on your gift recipient.

Below, we've rounded up three examples of how Binance Gift Cards can make the
perfect gift for everyone on your gifting list.

### Reward a colleague or employee

Want to send a gift as a small token of appreciation for those who worked hard
with you? You can do so regardless of the size of your team! Using the [Bulk
Create](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/binance-gift-cards-bulk-
create-lets-you-send-crypto-to-all-your-friends-421499824684903754) feature on
[Binance
Code](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/793037626d8a43dc9f68217cc6bce306),
you can instantly create as many Binance Gift Cards as you like – all with
zero fees. Moreover, when you purchase a gift card marked with a "cashback"
label, you can earn instant cashback rewards in the form of a gift card and
save on future purchases.

### Kickstart someone’s crypto journey

Got a friend looking to get into crypto? Binance Gift Card's intuitive and
easy-to-use features make it especially easy for crypto-curious friends to get
into the space. To help your friend get started on their crypto journey, check
out our Mystery Box Gift Card. Just like entering a mystery box campaign, the
Mystery Box Gift Card gives holders a chance to win token rewards and
potentially grow their crypto.

For more information about our Mystery Box Gift Card, check out [Frequently
Asked Questions on Binance Gift Card Mystery
Box](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/eba16a14d95c4b2bbc024a0d4db95dcf)
_._

###  Contribute to a friend’s travel journey

Know someone bitten by the travel bug? Binance Gift Cards are also great
travel companions. Featuring multiple redemption options, recipients can skip
the tedious currency exchange process and quickly convert the value loaded
onto their gift card into fiat through Binance P2P.  

## How Do I Create and Send a Gift Card

1\. Sign in to the Binance App.

2\. Tap **[Gift Card]** under your profile and tap **[Buy Gift Card]**.

3\. Select the crypto and the amount you want to send. If you want to
customize your gift card, you can also pick a design from the template
gallery.

4\. Once you’ve finalized your design and confirmed the gift card amount, tap
**[Buy now]**.

5\. Once you complete the two-factor authentication (2FA) to confirm the
transaction, the amount will be deducted from your Spot or Funding wallet
accordingly.

For a more detailed guide, check out our tutorial on [How to Create and Send
Binance Gift
Cards](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30).

## How Do I Redeem a Gift Card

  1. Log in to the Binance app and select **[Gift Card]** under your profile dashboard. 

  2. Tap **[Redeem]**.

  3. Enter the 16-digit code on your gift card and select **[Redeem]**.

For a step-by-step guide, check out our tutorial on****[How Do I Redeem a Gift
Card on
Binance](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)
_._

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221101/b5c471be-
db9b-4519-a67c-4f9336a463ea)](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/create-
card)

##  Thoughtful Gifting Made Easy

Say goodbye to queues, shipping delays, and last-minute shopping! Binance Gift
Card is a hassle-free way to share the gift of crypto with your loved ones, no
matter the season or occasion.

[Share the gift of crypto. Send a Binance Gift Card
today!](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)

**For more information, please refer to the links below** :

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Refer a Friend with a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

 _Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or change or
cancel this announcement at any time and for any reasons without prior
notice._

_**Risk disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[terms of
use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[risk
warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,055,317 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

110

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Gift Cards: The Best Gift For Everyone on Your List

Main Takeaways

Binance Gift Cards: Elevating the Traditional Gifting Experience

Why Give the Gift of Crypto

How Do I Create and Send a Gift Card

How Do I Redeem a Gift Card

Thoughtful Gifting Made Easy

195,055,317 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

