[](/)

  * Building 
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
  * Thinking 
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

  * [Building](/)
    * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
    * [the Pit](/thepit/)
    * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)
    * [Collaborations](/collaborations/)
  * [Thinking](/writing/)
    * [Writing](/writing/)
    * [Research](/research/)
    * [Media](/media/)
  * [About](/writing/)
    * [Chronicle](/chronicle/)
    * [Validator](/validator-security/)
    * [Brand & Press](/brand/)
    * [Connect](/connect/)

[](https://twitter.com/jump_)[](https://github.com/JumpCrypto)[](https://www.youtube.com/@jump_)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

# Stealing Gas: Bypassing Ethermint Ante Handlers

![Felix Wilhelm](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/02/image
--202-.jpg)

###### Felix Wilhelm

[Security](/writing/security/)

Apr 13 2023 _ 6 min read

![Stealing Gas: Bypassing Ethermint Ante Handlers](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/04/Blog--Stealing-Gas_-Bypassing-Ethermintr--
4-.png)

## Introduction

This blog post describes a largely unknown bug class that affects Cosmos-based
blockchains and its impact on Ethermint, a popular EVM implementation. We
privately disclosed the issue to the Ethermint and Cronos teams and
collaborated with them to notify other affected chains. Thanks to these
efforts, no malicious exploitation occurred, and all major chains that rely on
Ethermint are now patched.

As part of our efforts as builders, researchers, and collaborators in the
crypto space, one of our goals at Jump Crypto is to improve security assurance
across the entire ecosystem. Our specialized security team has ongoing
research efforts dedicated to discovering and patching vulnerabilities across
projects via [coordinated
disclosure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coordinated_vulnerability_disclosure?ref=jumpcrypto.com).
This announcement once again brings these efforts to light.

## Technical Details

Ethermint is a popular EVM runtime for Cosmos. Originally developed for EVMOS,
it is now used by some of the largest chains in the Cosmos ecosystem including
[Cronos](https://cronos.org/?ref=jumpcrypto.com),
[Kava](https://www.kava.io/?ref=jumpcrypto.com), and
[Canto](https://canto.io/?ref=jumpcrypto.com).

Under the hood, Ethermint is a Cosmos SDK module that defines its own state,
message types, handlers, and events. To enable the submission and execution of
Ethereum transactions on the chain, it defines a new Cosmos SDK message type
called `MsgEthereumTx`:

    
    
    // MsgEthereumTx encapsulates an Ethereum transaction as an SDK message.
    message MsgEthereumTx {
      option (gogoproto.goproto_getters) = false;
    
      // data is inner transaction data of the Ethereum transaction
      google.protobuf.Any data = 1;
    
      // size is the encoded storage size of the transaction (DEPRECATED)
      double size = 2 [(gogoproto.jsontag) = "-"];
      // hash of the transaction in hex format
      string hash = 3 [(gogoproto.moretags) = "rlp:\"-\""];
      // from is the ethereum signer address in hex format. This address value is checked
      // against the address derived from the signature (V, R, S) using the
      // secp256k1 elliptic curve
      string from = 4;
    }

A user that wants to submit one or more Ethereum transactions to an Ethermint-
enabled Cosmos chain can create a Cosmos transaction with `MsgEthereumTx`
messages and send them to the chain. Before the message is processed by its
corresponding message handler, the Cosmos transaction gets processed by a
number of **Ante Handlers** defined by Ethermint.

Ante handlers are a fundamental building block of Cosmos-based blockchains.
Ante handlers are functions that are executed on each received Cosmos
transaction before the actual message processing occurs. They are chained and
can either forward a transaction to the next handler or return an error to
drop the transaction. The default Cosmos-SDK module /x/auth uses Ante handlers
to provide fundamental features like signature verification.

Ethermint provides its own set of Ante handlers to correctly process Cosmos
transactions that contain `MsgEthereumTx` messages:

    
    
    func NewAnteHandler(options HandlerOptions) (sdk.AnteHandler, error) {
      [..]
    
    	return func(
    		ctx sdk.Context, tx sdk.Tx, sim bool,
    	) (newCtx sdk.Context, err error) {
    		var anteHandler sdk.AnteHandler
    
    		defer Recover(ctx.Logger(), &err)
    
    		txWithExtensions, ok := tx.(authante.HasExtensionOptionsTx)
    		if ok {
    			opts := txWithExtensions.GetExtensionOptions()
    			if len(opts) > 0 {
    				switch typeURL := opts[0].GetTypeUrl(); typeURL {
    				case "/ethermint.evm.v1.ExtensionOptionsEthereumTx":
    					// handle as *evmtypes.MsgEthereumTx
    					anteHandler = newEthAnteHandler(options)
    				case "/ethermint.types.v1.ExtensionOptionsWeb3Tx":
    					// Deprecated: Handle as normal Cosmos SDK tx, except signature is checked for Legacy EIP712 representation
    					anteHandler = NewLegacyCosmosAnteHandlerEip712(options)
    				case "/ethermint.types.v1.ExtensionOptionDynamicFeeTx":
    					// cosmos-sdk tx with dynamic fee extension
    					anteHandler = newCosmosAnteHandler(options)
    				default:
    					return ctx, errorsmod.Wrapf(..)
    				}
    
    				return anteHandler(ctx, tx, sim)
    			}
    		}
    
    		// handle as totally normal Cosmos SDK tx
    		switch tx.(type) {
    		case sdk.Tx:
    			anteHandler = newCosmosAnteHandler(options)
    		default:
    			return ctx, errorsmod.Wrapf(errortypes.ErrUnknownRequest, "invalid transaction type: %T", tx)
    		}
    
    		return anteHandler(ctx, tx, sim)
    	}, nil
    }
    
    func newEthAnteHandler(options HandlerOptions) sdk.AnteHandler {
    	return sdk.ChainAnteDecorators(
    		NewEthSetUpContextDecorator(options.EvmKeeper),                         // outermost AnteDecorator. SetUpContext must be called first
    		NewEthMempoolFeeDecorator(options.EvmKeeper),                           // Check eth effective gas price against minimal-gas-prices
    		NewEthMinGasPriceDecorator(options.FeeMarketKeeper, options.EvmKeeper), // Check eth effective gas price against the global MinGasPrice
    		NewEthValidateBasicDecorator(options.EvmKeeper),
    		NewEthSigVerificationDecorator(options.EvmKeeper),
    		NewEthAccountVerificationDecorator(options.AccountKeeper, options.EvmKeeper),
    		NewCanTransferDecorator(options.EvmKeeper),
    		NewEthGasConsumeDecorator(options.EvmKeeper, options.MaxTxGasWanted),
    		NewEthIncrementSenderSequenceDecorator(options.AccountKeeper), // innermost AnteDecorator.
    		NewGasWantedDecorator(options.EvmKeeper, options.FeeMarketKeeper),
    		NewEthEmitEventDecorator(options.EvmKeeper), // emit eth tx hash and index at the very last ante handler.
    	)
    }

When processing a transaction with the
`/ethermint.evm.v1.ExtensionOptionsEthereumTx` option, it will be pushed to an
Ethermint-specific ante handler chain. This chain enforces that all messages
in the transaction are of type `MsgEthereumTx`.

From a security perspective, one of the more interesting handlers is the
`[EthGasConsumeDecorator](https://github.com/evmos/ethermint/blob/292fe03b2d1811360f3297ed81bb088a432a04e8/app/ante/eth.go?ref=jumpcrypto.com#L137)`.
It is responsible for deducting gas fees from the sender's account and
enforcing Ethermint's block gas limit. This limit restricts the number of
computations that a (malicious) Ethereum transaction can perform.

Looking back at the `NewAnteHandler` function shown above, one potential
attack would be to send a Cosmos transaction that includes `MsgEthereumTx`
messages but does not specify the
`/ethermint.evm.v1.ExtensionOptionsEthereumTx` extension option. In this case,
the normal Cosmos SDK Ante handlers get invoked, no EVM gas fees are deducted
and the block gas limit isn’t enforced. As it turns out, this attack was
possible and was fixed after a [bug bounty
report](https://medium.com/immunefi/cronos-theft-of-transactions-fees-bugfix-
postmortem-b33f941b9570?ref=jumpcrypto.com) to the Cronos project.

The fix on Cronos added a `RejectMessagesDecorator` to the non-ETH Ante
handler chain that blocks transactions with `MsgEthereumTx` messages, removing
this attack vector:

    
    
    func (rmd RejectMessagesDecorator) AnteHandle(ctx sdk.Context, tx sdk.Tx, simulate bool, next sdk.AnteHandler) (newCtx sdk.Context, err error) {
    	for _, msg := range tx.GetMsgs() {
    		if _, ok := msg.(*evmtypes.MsgEthereumTx); ok {
    			return ctx, errorsmod.Wrapf(
    				errortypes.ErrInvalidType,
    				"MsgEthereumTx needs to be contained within a tx with 'ExtensionOptionsEthereumTx' option",
    			)
    		}
    	}
    	return next(ctx, tx, simulate)
    

With this fix in place, it turns out that there is yet another way to bypass
the Ethermint handlers:

While `RejectMessagesDecorator` is very simple, it is an interesting example
of an Ante Handler operating on messages. Instead of enforcing or validating a
complete Cosmos transaction on its own, the handler iterates through all
messages in the transaction and performs a check or action on each of them.

This pattern can be problematic because Cosmos provides a way to submit
messages to the chain without directly embedding them into a transaction:

Several standard Cosmos SDK modules support embedded or nested messages.
Examples include [x/gov Governance
proposals](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/modules/gov?ref=jumpcrypto.com#proposal-
submission), [x/group
MsgExec](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/modules/group?ref=jumpcrypto.com#msgexec),
and [x/authz
MsgExec](https://docs.cosmos.network/main/modules/authz?ref=jumpcrypto.com).
While governance proposals require voting and the `x/group` module is not used
by any major Ethermint chains, the authorization module `x/authz` is more
widely used. `x/authz` allows granting privileges from one account (the
granter) to another one (the grantee). Afterward, the grantee can execute
messages as the granter using the `MsgExec` message type shown below:

    
    
    message MsgExec {
      option (cosmos.msg.v1.signer) = "grantee";
    
      string grantee = 1 [(cosmos_proto.scalar) = "cosmos.AddressString"];
      // Authorization Msg requests to execute. Each msg must implement Authorization interface
      // The x/authz will try to find a grant matching (msg.signers[0], grantee, MsgTypeURL(msg))
      // triple and validate it.
      repeated google.protobuf.Any msgs = 2 [(cosmos_proto.accepts_interface) = "sdk.Msg, authz.Authorization"];
    

As Ethermint’s Ante handlers only validate `MsgEthereumTx` messages and do not
consider nested message types, an attacker can bypass the
`EthGasConsumeDecorator` by embedding a `MsgEthereumTx` inside a `MsgExec` as
shown in the example below:

    
    
    "body": {
        "messages": [
          {
            "@type": "/cosmos.authz.v1beta1.MsgExec",
            "grantee": "crc1q04jewhxw4xxu3vlg3rc85240h9q7ns6hglz0g",
            "msgs": [
              {
                "@type": "/ethermint.evm.v1.MsgEthereumTx",
                "data": {
                  "@type": "/ethermint.evm.v1.LegacyTx",
                  "nonce": "8",
                  "gas_price": "7",
                  "gas": "999999999999",
                  "to": "0x60DD27A3FbB76e158F6e7EE4F1FB926a052CF2ab",
                  "value": "0",
                  "data": "qSEAyw==",
                  "v": "BjY=",
                  "r": "qaJ6tUAIqPQ/neu+fYXEeWoCJtwnssAd9jLbQ2ee/u4=",
                  "s": "JFSlZnGfL/jqBnDjVvmqbGZ+Qt4Mnr03wqRIPKNALtM="
                },
                "size": 0,
                "hash": "0xbc966954bc4154e81ce06d2227f656572ae13fc44b39587ba23d672a01c45edb",
                "from": ""
              }
            ]
          }
        ],
        "memo": "",
        "timeout_height": "0",
        "extension_options": [],
        "non_critical_extension_options": []
      },
      "auth_info": {
        "signer_infos": [],
        "fee": {
          "amount": [
            {
              "denom": "basetcro",
              "amount": "9999998990000001"
            }
          ],
          "gas_limit": "9999999",
          "payer": "",
          "granter": ""
        },
        "tip": null
      },
      "signatures": []
    }

Bypassing the handler gives an attacker two capabilities:

  * **Theft of transaction fees** : After Ethermint processes an EVM transaction, leftover gas is [refunded](https://github.com/evmos/ethermint/blob/292fe03b2d1811360f3297ed81bb088a432a04e8/x/evm/keeper/state_transition.go?ref=jumpcrypto.com#L242) to the sender account: Because we never paid for gas in the first place we can use this refund to steal transaction fees from the current block by simply sending a transaction with more gas than required.
  * **Denial of service:** The much bigger problem is that an attacker can use this bug to bypass the block gas limit and gas payment completely to perform a full denial-of-service against the chain: In the first step, the attacker deploys a simple smart contract with an infinite loop to the chain. In the second step, the attacker calls the smart contract using an embedded transaction with an extremely high gas value (UINT64 max or similar). Once the transaction is included in a block, nodes will attempt to execute the EVM transaction with almost infinite gas and become stuck. This stops new block creation and effectively halts the chain, requiring manual recovery of the chain nodes.

The Ethermint/EVMOS team fixed the issue by introducing an additional Ante
handler to affected chains: The
`[AuthzLimiterDecorator](https://github.com/evmos/evmos/blob/03e18f9979cfcf7f4b1e2e0a8c5b1706520e573c/app/ante/cosmos/authz.go?ref=jumpcrypto.com#LL58C37-L58C37)`
restricts the message types that are allowed inside an Authz message.
Interestingly, the origin of this code is a [commit to the Kava
chain](https://github.com/Kava-Labs/kava/pull/1241?ref=jumpcrypto.com) in May
2022, where developers already recognized the problem but did not seem to be
aware of the security implications.

Although the new handler addresses the issue, it’s important to understand it
isn’t foolproof. If other modules that allow nested messages (such as the
[ICS-27 interchain account module](https://github.com/cosmos/ibc-
go/tree/main/modules/apps/27-interchain-accounts/host?ref=jumpcrypto.com)) or
the dynamic generation of Cosmos messages (like
[Cosmwasm](https://github.com/CosmWasm/wasmd?ref=jumpcrypto.com)) are
implemented, it opens up the possibility of this particular bug being
reintroduced. Additionally, while our research focused on Ante handlers
specific to Ethermint, all Cosmos Ante handlers are susceptible to this issue.
Cosmos developers should perform a clear risk assessment before introducing
nested messages to a codebase. Security engineers reviewing Cosmos-based
chains should pay special attention to the impact of Ante handler bypasses on
the target.

## Conclusion

The great flexibility offered by Cosmos-SDK allows for the rapid development
of new application-specific blockchains. Powerful modules like Ethermint make
it easy to spin up a new EVM-compatible blockchain. However, this great level
of flexibility and composability can also lead to serious security issues
highlighted in this blog post.

We would like to thank the Ethermint/EVMOS team for their impactful
collaboration on this research and their work on notifying and patching chains
across the ecosystem. The positive outcome of this disclosure clearly
demonstrates the value of a healthy open-source ecosystem. We also want to
thank the Cronos team for awarding a $25,000 bounty for this vulnerability
which we will donate to [MSF](https://www.msf.org/?ref=jumpcrypto.com).

Share

![](/static/subscribe2-825809a798c6960f978785c6581f4afb.svg)

#### Stay up to date with the latest from Jump_

​

.Subscribe

#### More articles

![SAFU: Creating a Standard for Whitehats](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2022/10/Standards-for-Whitehats-Thread---
blog.png)SAFU: Creating a Standard for WhitehatsWhitehats and DeFi protocols
need a shared understanding of security policy. We propose the SAFU - Simple
Arrangement for Funding Upload - as a versatile and credible way to let
whitehats know what to...](/writing/safu-creating-a-standard-for-whitehats/)

Oct 24 2022 _ 17 min

Share

[![Huckleberry: IBC Event Hallucinations](https://jumpcrypto-
com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/09/New-Blog-Post.png)Huckleberry: IBC Event
HallucinationsThis blog post describes a vulnerability in ibc-go, the
reference implementation of the Interblockchain Communication Protocol (IBC)
used by most Cosmos blockchains](/writing/huckleberry-ibc-event-
hallucinations/)

Sep 06 2023 _ 4 min

Share

[![Mapping Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption
Potential](https://jumpcrypto-com.ghost.io/content/images/2023/06/Blog---
Mapping-Markets_-Evaluating-Blockchain-s-Mass-Adoption-Potential.png)Mapping
Markets: Evaluating Blockchain’s Mass Adoption PotentialIn this post, we
propose a geographically-oriented framework, which we call “Pueyo Maps”
(inspired by Tomas Pueyo’s geo-history), as a way of evaluating the long-term
suitability of blockchain-based s...](/writing/mapping-markets-blockchain-
mass-adoption-potential/)

Jun 05 2023 _ 20 min

Share

Disclaimer

The information on this website and on the Brick by Brick podcast or Ship Show
Twitter spaces is provided for informational, educational, and entertainment
purposes only.  This information is not intended to be and does not constitute
financial advice, investment advice, trading advice, or any other type of
advice.  You should not make any decision – financial, investment, trading or
otherwise – based on any of the information presented here without undertaking
your own due diligence and consulting with a financial adviser.  Trading,
including that of digital assets or cryptocurrency, has potential rewards as
well as potential risks involved. Trading may not be suitable for all
individuals. Recordings of podcast episodes or Twitter spaces events may be
used in the future.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg height='619' width='1338'
xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg' version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAJCAYAAAAywQxIAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAAAD0lEQVQoz2NgGAWjYBgCAALZAAHP5sSUAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC)![](/static/bb55dfe76137757a150d8db409a314e1/80e7e/brandLines.svg)

###### Building_

  * [Firedancer](/firedancer/)
  * [the Pit](/thepit/)
  * [Cyclone](/cyclone/)

###### Thinking_

  * [Writing](/writing/)
  * [Research](/research/)

###### About_

  * [Validator Security](/validator-security/)
  * [Connect](/connect/)

[Terms of Use_](/terms-of-use/)[Privacy Policy_](/data-protection-and-privacy-
policy/)[Disclaimers_](/nfa/)

© 2024 Jump Crypto. All Rights Reserved.

Jump Crypto does not operate any business lines that accept funds from
external investors. Any person, company, or app purporting to accept external
investor funds on behalf of Jump Crypto is fraudulent.

