[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmQtLXRocmVlLXdheXMtdGhlLW5ldy1tYXJrZXRwbGFjZS1tYWtlcy1naXZpbmctZXZlbi1iZXR0ZXItODM5MTQyNDYzNzY0OTUyNTk3OT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYmluYW5jZS1naWZ0LWNhcmQtLXRocmVlLXdheXMtdGhlLW5ldy1tYXJrZXRwbGFjZS1tYWtlcy1naXZpbmctZXZlbi1iZXR0ZXItODM5MTQyNDYzNzY0OTUyNTk3OT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Gift Card — Three Ways the New Marketplace Makes Giving Even Better

2022-09-22

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance’s new Gift Card Marketplace adds extra fun and ease of access to the concept of crypto gift cards. 

  * Introducing three key features: Fixed-Denomination, Cashback, and Mystery Box Gift Cards.

  * Join our Mystery Box and Cashback campaigns to enter a prize pool worth over **$33,000 (USD)**.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220922/90f8ada5-1319-4159-817d-3afc33063eb1)

Binance Gift Card has launched a new store in the form of a fully-fledged Gift
Card Marketplace where users can buy, send and receive crypto in a quicker,
safer, and more convenient way.

Thanks to a wide variety of options, buying crypto Gift Cards on Binance’s
Gift Card Marketplace is not unlike going shopping at a mall. The new Gift
Card site uses gamification and other new features to make it **especially
easy** for even newbies to get into crypto. Additionally, there are over 50
Gift Card templates, as well as exclusive monthly selections to choose from —
whether it’s for a birthday, wedding, anniversary, or NFT collection.

Let’s explore the Binance Gift Card Marketplace’s three newest features:
fixed-denomination gift cards, cashback, mystery boxes.

## Fixed-Denomination Gift Cards

With a Fixed-Denomination Gift Card, users can purchase tokens of their choice
using fixed amounts of supported common currencies (such as BUSD, USDT, etc.).

For example, if you want to have a gift card loaded with BTC, you no longer
need to have that BTC amount to do so. Now you can specify that you want to
buy BTC worth 100 BUSD and fund the gift card using this fixed denomination of
BUSD instead.

This means users can now purchase tokens with a more intuitive payment amount
(in fixed denominations). Previously, it was a must for a user to have the
right amount of BTC in their funding wallet. The conversion of the base token
to the face token is automatically done using the [Binance
rate](https://www.binance.com/en/convert) — but **only when the card is
redeemed.**

In addition to being largely protected from the impact of market conditions on
the price of a crypto gift card, senders can also ensure that the exact amount
they want to transfer is fixed and guaranteed, regardless of the token
requested by the recipient.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220921/05703d83-811c-4137-8dd8-1367b1819fed)

For example, if you send 100 BUSD worth of BNB in the form of a Binance Gift
Card, the value always remains fixed at 100 BUSD and is only converted to BNB
at the point of redemption. Remember, this conversion is based on [Binance’s
Crypto Converter rates](https://www.binance.com/en/convert) and is done
automatically once the card is redeemed.

## Cashback Gift Cards

Upon purchasing an **eligible gift card,** marked with **the “cashback”
label** , a cashback reward will be immediately sent to the buyer in the form
of a gift card (on a first-come first-served basis). This newly added feature
is campaign-based and available for certain eligible tokens only.

Users who purchase a minimum amount of specified tokens (as per the campaign)
will be eligible for cashback. Qualifying users will, upon purchase, receive
the cashback amount via a gift card. Please note that each user can only
purchase one cashback gift card per campaign.

You can save your cashback rewards to buy more gift cards in the future, and
receive cashback on them as well. The more you buy, the more you save!

This also benefits project teams and partnerships, who can use this as a
mechanism to introduce their projects to users as a cashback token.

## Mystery Box Gift Cards

Buying a Mystery Box Gift Card is equivalent to **entering a mystery box
campaign that gives you the chance to win up to a multiplier of your paid
amount**. Everyone taking part will be able to **redeem back at least the full
cost of participation** during the designated mystery box open period.

Users can enter a **no-risk event** with the chance to win large rewards
thanks to the Mystery Box feature. This can be done by entering a “mystery box
draw” during the promotional period — simply purchase a gift card containing a
small amount of the selected token and, at the end of the promotional period,
users can then ‘open’ the mystery box and receive a reward in the form of a
gift card.

## Celebrate the new Gift Card Marketplace with our Mystery Box and Cashback
Gift Cards

The Binance Gift Card Marketplace launch campaigns cover multiple mystery
boxes and cashback cards — starting from 2022-08-22 (00:00 UTC) onwards.

**Mystery Box Gift Card** — visit the Gift Card Marketplace and purchase a
Merit Circle (MC) or DEGO mystery box gift card for a chance to win from total
rewards of $**15,500**(USD). Limited time only!

**Cashback Gift Card** — visit the Gift Card Marketplace and purchase Merit
Circle (MC) or DEGO cashback gift cards for a chance to win from total rewards
of $17,500 (USD). Available while stocks last!

For more information on the mechanics of the Gift Card Marketplace please read
the [campaign
announcement](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/a694deeeff92437c923ac1c1c4acd228).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220922/409e99b1-48b1-4745-9a53-b8844a656def)](https://app.binance.com/en/gift-
card?_dp=L3dlYnZpZXcvd2Vidmlldz90eXBlPWRlZmF1bHQmbmVlZExvZ2luPWZhbHNlJnVybD1hSFIwY0hNNkx5OTNkM2N1WW1sdVlXNWpaUzVqYjIwdlpXNHZaMmxtZEMxallYSms=)

**Guides & Related Materials: **

  * [(FAQ) How to Create a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/create-card)

  * [(FAQ) How to Redeem a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/)

  * [(FAQ) How to participate in Binance Gift Card Mystery Box](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/eba16a14d95c4b2bbc024a0d4db95dcf)

  * [(FAQ) How to participate in Binance Cashback Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/60a1cfba0fc94452b245cf26d6727443)

  * [(FAQ) Learn more about Binance Gift Card Marketplace](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/2d3d3f2340654cc184ace559a4582faf)

##  _**Terms and Conditions:**_

  * Cashback is a newly added feature that is campaign-based and only available for eligible tokens on a first-come, first-served basis.

  * Users who purchase a minimum amount of certain selected tokens will be eligible for cashback.

  * Binance reserves the right to disqualify any participants who, in its reasonable opinion, are acting fraudulently or not in accordance with any applicable terms and conditions. 

  * Binance reserves the right to modify or remove any terms or conditions of the promotion.

Find us on

  * Telegram: <https://t.me/binanceexchange>

  * Twitter: <https://twitter.com/binance>

  * Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/binance>

  * Instagram: <https://www.instagram.com/binance>

_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or cancel this
announcement at any time and for any reason without prior notice._

_**Risk Warning**_ _: Digital asset prices can be volatile. These fluctuations
may affect the value of digital assets loaded onto a Gift Card, which may be
lower or higher at the time of redemption than it was at the time of loading.
Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. This should not be
construed as financial advice. For more information, see our_[Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _,_[Terms of Use for Binance Gift
Cards](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/b90b504039e448d1b6a0e62e2f15f5a5)
_and_[Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _. Appearance of
third-party projects on Binance Gift Card Marketplace should not be construed
as a recommendation, vetting, or endorsement by Binance. You are solely
responsible for your investment decisions and your use of any third-party
projects in Gift Card Marketplace is at your own risk._

195,014,276 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Gift Card — Three Ways the New Marketplace Makes Giving Even Better

Main Takeaways

Fixed-Denomination Gift Cards

Cashback Gift Cards

Mystery Box Gift Cards

Celebrate the new Gift Card Marketplace with our Mystery Box and Cashback Gift
Cards

Terms and Conditions:

195,014,276 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

