[ ![Decimated](images/logo.png) ](https://decimated.net)

  * [ About ](https://decimated.net/about)
  * [ Gallery ](https://decimated.net/gallery)
  * [ Updates ](https://decimated.net/updates)
  * [ BUY DIO ](https://raydium.io/swap/?inputCurrency=Es9vMFrzaCERmJfrF4H2FYD4KCoNkY11McCe8BenwNYB&outputCurrency=BiDB55p4G3n1fGhwKFpxsokBMqgctL4qnZpDH1bVQxMD&fixed=in)
  * [ Marketplace ](https://decimated.myspreadshop.com/)
  * [ Staking ](https://staking.decimated.net/)
  * [ Team ](https://decimated.net/team)
  * [ Jobs ](https://decimated.net/jobs)
  * [ Support ](https://decimated.zendesk.com/hc/en-us)
  * [ Contact ](https://decimated.net/contact)

#

  * [ Epic Store   
game page  ](https://store.epicgames.com/en-US/p/decimated-de8da4)

  * [ Discord  
Community  ](https://discord.gg/decimated)

  * [ Telegram  
Community  ](https://t.me/decimatedofficial)

  * [ Follow  
on twitter  ](https://twitter.com/decimated_game)

## Dystopian cyberpunk world

Earth has been abandoned after hundreds of years of destructive climate change
and catastrophic neglect of the environment by corporations and industry.
Political and social unrest has left the old cities decimated and hostile to
life. Civilization has collapsed and destroyed itself, yet a cyborg police
force still wields control over the wastelands.

## gameplay

  *   * 

## First class citizens were permitted onto the new world

The unworthy who were left behind — criminals, rebels, political dissidents
and the poor — scavenge in the forgotten cities of Earth, which have become
overgrown with jungle, flooded by swamps, swallowed by sand and frozen by ice.
Pollution and technological debris litter the environment, and survivors have
set up shelter in destroyed skyscrapers, laboratories, abandoned metros and
crumbling freeways.

## Competing for resources and territory

The cops enforce a totalitarian authority even after society is in ruin,
forcing humans to live in the wastelands.

Players can choose to play PvP or PvE by salvaging resources, technology and
digital currency, repairing vehicles, building bases, fortifying shelters,
collecting bounties, ambushing, looting or trading in this hostile post-
apocalyptic environment.

  * 135580+ 

Subscribers

  * 21571+ 

Discord Community

  * 2521+ 

Cyborg cops

  * 1587+ 

Human Citizens

Subscribe

![](images/content/f-logo-1.png) ![](images/content/f-logo-2.png)
![](images/content/f-logo-3.png)

[ ](https://discord.com/invite/decimated) [
](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1354980/Decimated/) [
](https://t.me/decimatedofficial) [ ](https://twitter.com/decimated_game) [
](https://www.twitch.tv/decimatedofficial) [
](https://www.instagram.com/decimated_game) [
](https://www.youtube.com/c/DecimatedVideogame) [
](https://www.reddit.com/r/decimated_game/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/DecimatedOfficial/)

[ support@decimated.zendesk.com ](mailto:support@decimated.zendesk.com)

House of Francis, Room 303, Ile Du Port, Mahe, Seychelles

Fracture Labs © All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](https://decimated.net/privacy)

Website developed by [ ADN Agency ](https://adn.agency/)

This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We’ll assume you’re ok
with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.  
[Privacy&Cookies Policy](https://decimated.net/privacy)

Accept  AcceptAcceptAcceptAcceptAccept

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=aaf05f8c-fc18-42fa-
be43-a3ba261de10e&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=9e1a042f-bd47-4b02-8891-c445649df086&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fdecimated.net%2Fabout&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o8fa8&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=aaf05f8c-fc18-42fa-
be43-a3ba261de10e&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=9e1a042f-bd47-4b02-8891-c445649df086&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fdecimated.net%2Fabout&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=o8fa8&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

