[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation") __
  * ... __
  * Self-Custody: How to Be Your Own Bank

# Self-Custody: How to Be Your Own Bank

By **Ledger**

Oct 1, 2021 | **Updated Oct 13, 2023**

__Read 6 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-bank
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Self-
Custody%3A%20How%20to%20Be%20Your%20Own%20Bank&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-bank
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-to-trust-yourself-
in-becoming-your-own-bank
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-bank&title=Self-
Custody%3A%20How%20to%20Be%20Your%20Own%20Bank "Reddit")

![A bust of a person covered in currency](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/03_Economics_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Self-custody is the future of finance: if you own crypto, you no longer need
to keep your assets with a bank. This means you have total control of your
assets – but also huge responsibility.  
  
— There are various self-custody options, each with pros and cons. It’s up to
you to understand each one, and choose the wallet that’s right for you.  
  
— Being your own bank is intimidating – but Ledger offers a solution that
ensures you can manage your assets easily, while remaining completely secure.  
  
_We get it – self-custody is one of the more intimidating sides of crypto. But
it’s nothing to fear! With the right tools and advice, being your own bank is
no big deal.  _

Letting go of the habit of keeping your money with a bank can be daunting.
Self-custody of your digital assets appears intimidating at first, and with
good reason. Stories of long-time holders losing complete access to their
wallets are probably familiar to all of us, and the jargon can be hard to
grasp. You are not alone!

Yet the philosophy of crypto is inclusivity and, in fact, crypto-custody isn’t
as complicated as it may seem. With a little clarification, anyone can make an
informed transition from banks to self custody, and manage their assets with
complete confidence. Here, we show you how.

## Why You Should Care About Self-Custody

One of crypto’s greatest strengths is that it does not require any financial
institution. It is stored and managed entirely by you. Yet, many crypto users
are missing this essential point, and consequently not using crypto to its
full potential.

Once you learn [how to approach
cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-approach-crypto), there
are actually many different ways you can hold it. Each option has its own pros
and cons, which we’ll break down for you now.

## What is a Wallet?

Let’s start by clarifying one thing: despite the name, your wallet is _not_
actually where your assets are stored. Rather, it is the[ _private
key_](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-
private-keys) for your address on the blockchain, and _that’s_ where your
assets are.

The type of wallet you use determines how those keys are stored. The threats
they are vulnerable to – and if they are your keys at all. Let’s take a closer
look.

## Hot Wallets

Hot wallets are called hot because they’re constantly connected to the
internet – you could have a hot wallet on your laptop, for example, or you
could keep your assets on an exchange wallet, which is another subcategory.

It’s worth noting that hot wallets can be both custodial and non-custodial.
That’s to say that some are accessed using your own private keys (custodial).
Others use keys that are kept by the host exchange.

### Exchange Wallet

Many people keep their crypto in exchange wallets. For sure, they’re
convenient: you can view, trade, [buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin),
and sell cryptocurrency easily, from any device with an internet connection.
Using the funds in the wallet, you keep on that exchange. However, all this
comes with a caveat.

Exchange wallets are (generally) custodial. This means that you don’t own the
private keys fr the wallet and its contents, the exchange itself does.
Remember – _not your keys, not your coins_.

Not having true ownership of your coins has some big consequences: let’s say,
for example, the exchange was to go bust – your coins would go with it.

And since exchange wallets are always online, they are targets for bad actors
and attackers. So by using this type of wallet, you’re trusting your assets to
the security of a third party – which is kind of like….using a bank!

The entire _point_ of crypto is to not rely on a third-party, so holding
assets on an exchange can seem like a contradiction.

### Desktop/Mobile Wallets

As the name suggests, a desktop wallet is kept on your personal computer. The
good news is that it’s custodial, meaning your assets are secured with your
own keys. However, since your computer is likely connected to the internet,
your wallet is still susceptible to online hacks and malware that can scan
your files for your private keys.

So while this type of wallet allows you proper ownership of your coins, your
assets remain vulnerable to digital threats.

## Cold Wallets

By definition, a cold wallet is designed to store your coins offline – it is
never connected to the internet and therefore evades some of the main threats
to your assets. Although storing your coins offline comes with its own issues,
here we discuss how a hardware wallet such as the Ledger Nano can bring you
both digital and real-world security.

### Hardware Wallet

We can compare this type of wallet to a  USB drive that stores your private
key. [Hardware wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/best-
practices-when-using-a-hardware-wallet) are a little more complex than that,
but these little devices enable you to easily access your assets on the
blockchain.

Hardware wallets marry the convenience of a hot wallet with the security of a
cold one. In the case of a Ledger Nano, for example, all your transactions are
completed _within the device itself,_ meaning that although your keys are
easily accessible to you, they will never leave the wallet or be exposed to
any sort of online threat.

Using this type of wallet also avoids the problems associated with keeping a
written or printed copy of your key, which needs to be exposed each time you
access your crypto. Instead, transactions can be carried out at the click of a
button, without the key ever leaving the device.

What if you lose the device? No problem – remember, your assets are not _in
the wallet_ they’re on the blockchain. So if you lose your device, you’ll be
able to restore access to everything you own by entering your [Recovery
Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-a-recovery-
phrase#:~:text=When%20starting%20to%20use%20your,and%20offline%20at%20all%20times.)
from a new device.

The Ledger Nano itself is secured by a pin code of up to 8 digits that is set
by you. Meaning that even if you lose it, nobody can use it to access your
accounts.

And managing your fund day to day is easy, with the Ledger Live interface
showing all your coins in one place.

## Being Your Own Bank – Other Essentials

We get it. Self-custody can be a scary thing. One potentially wrong move, and
your assets are gone with no way to recover them. However, devices like
Ledger’s Nano mitigate that risk, leaving you free to explore the world of
crypto. Here are a few tips to minimize threats even more.

### Keep Your Holdings Private!

One great way to prevent crypto theft is not to tell anyone you have it! If no
one knows you own crypto, there’s much less of a chance they’ll try to steal
it.

### Recovery Phrase Can Never Be Too Secure

When it comes to that all important recovery phrase, there is no such thing as
too secure! As we know, your seed phrase needs to be recorded and kept by you
in order to guarantee access to your accounts, but a fire or flood could
destroy a paper copy.

The good news is that a number of great tools are now on the market to make
your phrase iron-clad. Billfodl, for example, is a weather and fire resistant
steel wallet that will isolate your back up phrase from water and heat. Tools
like these combine perfectly with the Ledger Nano to make your crypto near-
impenetrable.

### Use a Back-up Device

Losing or damaging your hardware wallet does not mean losing your crypto!
Remember, your assets are on the blockchain. Many people choose to link their
seed phrase with two devices, meaning that if one is lost or damaged, they can
simply access their blockchain address from the other device.

## So What Are You Waiting For?

There has never been a better time to take control of your finances! Hardware
wallets make self-custody easy and
[secure](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ORsT4dp5bbQ), so you can enjoy
complete financial freedom with confidence. Forget relying on banks or third-
parties to manage your funds – no one to tell you what to do or charge you
fees. With Ledger, we can help make sure your money is, well, yours. Our cold
wallets can assist you in taking the plunge so self-custody isn’t so scary.

### Knowledge is Power.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/07/26-min-2-1024x576.png)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-
of-block/episode-26-whats-going-on-with-crypto-regulations)

_Trust yourself and stay FREE! Check out this episode of**School of Block**
where we talk you through the intersect between crypto and real world
regulation._

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-bank
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Self-
Custody%3A%20How%20to%20Be%20Your%20Own%20Bank&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-bank
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-to-trust-yourself-
in-becoming-your-own-bank
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-bank&title=Self-
Custody%3A%20How%20to%20Be%20Your%20Own%20Bank "Reddit")

[ Next up: How to Buy Crypto: A Guide ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-
basics/about-crypto/buy-your-first-crypto "How to Buy Crypto: A Guide")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

[What Is dYdX Exchange?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-dump-in-crypto)

[What Is a Pump and Dump?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-
dump-in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-candlestick-charts-explained)

[How To Read Crypto Candlestick Charts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
candlestick-charts-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

[AI and Crypto Trading: Benefits, Projects, and the
Future](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-integration-of-
ai-and-cryptocurrency)

[Exploring the Integration of AI and
Cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-
integration-of-ai-and-cryptocurrency)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-in-crypto)

[What Is Slippage in Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-
in-crypto)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-brc-20-tokens)

[What Are BRC-20 Tokens?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-
brc-20-tokens)

__Read

7 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=6d78fb4c-90a5-41ce-b233-f971586b8136&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ac914b59-6072-442e-9c77-e2d056a48336&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-
bank&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=6d78fb4c-90a5-41ce-b233-f971586b8136&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ac914b59-6072-442e-9c77-e2d056a48336&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-
bank&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=95404c37-9872-4abd-8278-584b314baf32&sid=0d98acb01cfd11efad774b7c1983dd23&vid=0d989a101cfd11ef82a35d9f188a96ce&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Self-
Custody%3A%20How%20to%20Be%20Your%20Own%20Bank%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftips-
to-trust-yourself-in-becoming-your-own-
bank&r=&lt=2138&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=541197)

