[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Litecoin wallet

## The right crypto wallet for your Litecoin

Looking for a Litecoin Wallet to buy and store your Litecoin? Join 6+ million
customers who trust Ledger hardware wallets to securely store their crypto and
use them on the day-to-day basis.

  * __ Mobile & Desktop App
  * __ Secured by Hardware Wallet

Secure your Litecoin

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![Litecoin wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/10/hero-visual-2.webp)

Ledger Secured Solution

###  How to secure your Litecoin ?

Whether you’re looking to keep your crypto safe for long-term or manage them
on a daily basis, **Ledger has the right product for you.**

[Get a Ledger wallet](https://shop.ledger.com)

Ledger hardware wallet

[**Ledger hardware wallet**](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-
wallets) stores your private keys and signs transactions offline, making them
resistant to **malicious attacks and threats**. Pair the Ledger crypto wallet
with Ledger Live App to manage your Litecoin on the go.

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PHBhdGggZD0iTTI4LjM2IDIwLjQ4bDcuMjQtNy4yNEwyOC4zNiA2bC0uOTIuOTIgMi44IDIuNzZjLjkyLjk2IDEuOTIgMS45MiAyLjg4IDIuODhINnYxLjM2aDI3LjE2Yy0xIC45Ni0xLjk2IDEuOTItMi45MiAyLjg4bC0yLjggMi43Ni45Mi45MnpNNC40IDI2Ljc2TDExLjY0IDM0bC45Mi0uOTItMi44LTIuOGMtLjkyLS45Mi0xLjkyLTEuOTItMi44OC0yLjg0SDM0di0xLjM2SDYuODhjLjk2LS45NiAxLjk2LTEuOTIgMi44OC0yLjg4bDIuOC0yLjgtLjkyLS44OC03LjI0IDcuMjR6IiBmaWxsPSIjQjM4MEREIi8+PC9zdmc+)

Ledger Live App

[**Ledger Live App**](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) is a gateway to
manage your assets, checking your real-time balance, tracking transaction
histories, and more.

### How to create a Litecoin wallet?

1

![Get a Ledger Nano](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Get-a-Ledger.webp)

#### Get a Ledger Nano

Select and purchase a Ledger hardware wallet of your choice.

  * Beginner in the crypto world? Get started with Ledger Nano S Plus. 
  * Prefer a Bluetooth connection? Try with Ledger Nano X.

[Get Ledger Nano](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)

2

![Download Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Install-Ledger-Live.webp)

#### Download Ledger Live

Download and install the Ledger Live app in a couple of clicks on desktop and
mobile.

Coupled with a Ledger, it makes the most secured wallet for your Litecoin.

Download the app __

[ __Windows app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win "Windows app") [
__Mac app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac "Mac app") [ __Linux
app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux "Linux app")

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-
UK_RGB_blk_092917@2x.png)
](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/google-play-
badge@2x.png) ](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/)

3

![Start your Litecoin journey securely](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Add-coins-to-your-portfolio.webp)

#### Start your Litecoin journey securely

Add a Litecoin account with a couple of clicks. Choose among different
providers and easily manage your Litecoin.

And not only Litecoin. With Ledger Live, you can manage thousands of crypto
and a large variety of NFTs.

### Buy, Manage, and Swap Litecoin at your fingertips

![Manage your Litecoin](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Manage your Litecoin

With Ledger Live coupled with a Ledger, you can:

  * Securely execute transactions by physically validating them with your Ledger Hardware Wallet
  * Manage your Litecoin as well as thousands of other crypto assets
  * Track your portfolio

*Buy, send/receive, swap, stake, and other crypto transaction services are provided by third-parties provider, which availability may vary based on jurisdiction/territory.

![Buy Litecoin](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/buy-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Buy Litecoin

You can easily buy Litecoin with a credit/debit card or bank transfer. Choose
from a range of service providers (Paypal, Ramp, MoonPay, Sardine…) and select
the option that works best for you.

Your Litecoin will land safely in your Ledger Litecoin Wallet.

[Buy Litecoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy)

![Swap Litecoin](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Swap-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Swap Litecoin

Swapping allows you to explore different crypto assets, protect your Litecoin
from volatility, and diversify your portfolio.

You can easily swap Litecoin through Ledger Live without using fiat
currencies.

[Swap Litecoin](/swap)

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-
crypto-assets.webp)

## The best Litecoin hardware wallet

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")

__________4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews

The perfect crypto wallet to start securely managing your Litecoin.

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X")

__________4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled Litecoin
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/stax.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable Litecoin wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

### Choice of 6,000,000+ customers

Bertil A.

___________5/5_

In order to secure cryptocurrencies, Ledger is the perfect tool.

Kevin L.

___________5/5_

Simply a very elegant peace of hardware, with a gorgeous UI in the app.

James P.

___________5/5_

ALL is good, all legal resources bought was as specified and compliant, party
on.

[Read more reviews](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x#reviews
"Read more reviews")

### What is Litecoin?

Litecoin is a peer-to-peer cryptocurrency created by Charlie Lee. It was
created based on the Bitcoin protocol but differs in terms of the hashing
algorithm used. Litecoin uses the memory intensive Scrypt proof of work mining
algorithm. Scrypt allows consumer-grade hardware such as GPU to mine those
coins.

Litecoin was the first to alter Bitcoin and the most significant difference is
that it takes 2.5 minutes for Litecoin to generate a block, or transaction, in
comparison to Bitcoin’s 10 minutes.

As explained, Litecoin can transact a lot faster than Bitcoin. Litecoin can
handle higher volumes of transactions because of the capability of transacting
faster and if Bitcoin attempted to transact on the scale of its altcoin, a
code update would be needed. However, Litecoin’s blocks would be larger, but
with more ‘orphaned blocks’. The faster block time of litecoin reduces the
risk of double spending attacks – this is theoretical in the case of both
networks having the same hashing power.

Litecoin has inspired many other popular alternative currencies (eg. Dogecoin)
because of its Scrypt hashing algorithm in order to prevent ASIC miners from
mining those coins.

[Litecoin price charts](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/litecoin "Litecoin
price charts")

### Cryptocurrencies similar to Litecoin supported by our hardware wallet

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/peercoin-
icon-green-transparent_6x.png) Peercoin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/peercoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Metal.png) Metal DAO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/metal) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/InjXBNx9_400x400.jpg) Celo
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/celo) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/bitcoin-gold-logo.png) Bitcoin Gold
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin-gold) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/01_Luna_color.png) Terra
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/terra-luna-2)

### Securely manage, buy, swap, and stake 5.500+ coins

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/SNX.png)
Synthetix Network ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/havven) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/decentraland-
mana.png) Decentraland ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/decentraland) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/aelf-logo.png)
aelf ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/aelf) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Tether_Gold.png) Tether Gold
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether-gold) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/nexo.png) NEXO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/nexo) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/tusd.png) TrueUSD
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/true-usd) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/XRP-logo.png) XRP
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/eos-eos-logo.png) EOS
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/eos) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/m4zRhP5e_400x400.jpg) Kusama
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/kusama)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/crypto-
page/faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__How to secure Litecoin tokens?

When you first buy token, you’re issued with two keys: public and private.

  * A public key serves as an address that can be shared with other parties to perform transactions.
  * A private key represents a randomly generated number that signs transactions and protects your assets from malicious attacks. If it gets compromised or lost, you won’t be able to access your crypto wallet to spend, withdraw, or transfer your coins.

To safeguard and keep track of your keys, you can use online or offline
wallets. Online wallets, also known as hot wallets, store private keys on
systems or devices that are connected to the internet. Hot wallets are easy
and convenient to use, however, they come with several drawbacks. Besides
being susceptible to attacks and a honeypot for hackers, with hot wallets, the
custody of private keys is often entrusted to a third party such as a crypto
exchange, which means you never have full control over your funds. The safer
choice are specialized hardware wallets that store private keys offline.
Stealing private keys from a hardware wallet would require physical access to
the wallet and corresponding PIN or the recovery phrase. What’s more, with
hardware wallet, you don’t need to rely on third party custodians.

__Can Ledger Nano wallet protect my Litecoin tokens?

Ledger Nano is the industry-leading hardware wallet. With more than five
million customers, Ledger Nano wallets have several layers of security that
protect private keys, and hence your assets:

  * Your private keys are stored on secure element chips.
  * A PIN code and a 24-word recovery phrase are required to access the wallet.
  * Ledger Nano crypto wallets have been built using highly durable materials for protection against physical damage.

With full isolation between private keys and your computer/mobile, Ledger Nano
wallets keep your keys secure and give you complete control over your cryptos.

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-
crypto-wallet)

[What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-
to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-whats-the-
difference)

[Hardware Wallets Vs Cold Wallets: What’s the
Difference?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardware-wallets-and-cold-wallets-
whats-the-difference)

__Read

4 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A24%3A42%20GMT&n=0&b=Litecoin%20Wallet%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Flitecoin&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=094ffccd-f5fc-43d8-9a5b-d1c350c3f791&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fd89adac-059b-478d-af28-c36f40424961&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Flitecoin&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=094ffccd-f5fc-43d8-9a5b-d1c350c3f791&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fd89adac-059b-478d-af28-c36f40424961&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Flitecoin&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=d28c6820-4053-4222-923f-863aae81d3eb&sid=066a88401cfe11ef8d2afb1387f0db0f&vid=066a9e201cfe11ef9eeb19a6d195c42a&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Litecoin%20Wallet%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Flitecoin&r=&lt=3392&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=79488)

