[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USD‚ìà-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vaG93LXRvLWJ1eS9kb2dlY29pbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vaG93LXRvLWJ1eS9kb2dlY29pbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[Home](https://www.binance.com/en)

[How to buy crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/all-coins)

Buy Dogecoin

![Dogecoin logo](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/128x128/74.png)

# Where & How to Buy Dogecoin (DOGE) Guide

Page last updated: 2024-05-27 21:51 (UTC+0)

Get up to 100 USDT in trading fee rebate vouchers (for verified users)!

[Register
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

Want to buy crypto but don't know where to buy Dogecoin? No worries! Binance
offers many options where you can easily buy several cryptocurrencies
including Dogecoin, with the lowest fees and highest security.

  1. 1

Create a free account on the Binance website or the app.

Binance is a centralized exchange where you can buy several cryptocurrencies
including Dogecoin. Before you can use the Binance platform, you'll need to
open an account and verify your identification.

     * Register via the Binance App
     * Register via the website using your email and mobile number
  2. 2

Choose how you want to buy the Dogecoin asset.

Click on the "Buy Crypto" link on the top of the Binance website navigation to
know about the available options to buy Dogecoin in your country.

For better coin compatibility, you can consider buying a stablecoin like USDT
first, and then use that coin to buy Dogecoin.

    1. A. Buy Dogecoin with Debit / Credit Card

If you are a new user, this is the easiest option to purchase Dogecoin.

      1. Navigate to [buy Dogecoin with USD](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/USD/DOGE) page on Binance.
      2. Select Dogecoin and USD from the dropdown menu.
      3. Choose "Card" as the payment method, and click "Confirm".
      4. "Add New Card" will appear if you have not purchased crypto in Binance using debit or credit card before. Click "Add New Card", enter card details and click "Confirm."
      5. On the payment confirmation page, verify details and confirm the order within the time limit. Use 'Refresh' for a new quote.
      6. Click "Confirm" to place your order.
      7. You will be redirected to your bank's OTP transaction page. Follow the instructions to verify the payment.
      8. Once verified, the coin will appear in your Spot Wallet.
    2. B. Buy Dogecoin with Google Pay or Apple Pay

      1. Navigate to [buy Dogecoin with USD](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/USD/DOGE) page on Binance.
      2. Select Dogecoin and USD from the dropdown menu.
      3. Choose either "Google Pay" or "Apple Pay" as your payment method and press "Confirm".
      4. Click the "Buy " button.
      5. On the payment confirmation page, verify details and confirm the order within the time limit. Use 'Refresh' for a new quote.
      6. Click "Confirm" to place your order.
      7. The coin will appear in your Spot Wallet.
    3. C. Third Party Payment

There are multiple options for third-party payment channels. Please, visit the
Binance FAQ to check which ones are available in your region.

  3. 3

Check the payment details and fees.

You have 1 minute to confirm your order at the current price. After 1 minute,
your order will be recalculated based on the current market price. You can
click Refresh to see the new order amount.

  4. 4

Store or use your Dogecoin in Binance.

Now that you bought your crypto, you can store it in your personal crypto
wallet or simply hold it in your Binance account. You can also trade for other
crypto or stake it on [Binance Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn) for
passive income. If you would like to trade your Dogecoin to a decentralized
exchange you may want to check [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/) which
supports millions of assets and blockchains.

Want to keep tabs on coin prices? Visit our [coin price directory](/en/price)
to add to bookmark

![Dogecoin price](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/74.png)

## [DOGE price](/en/price/dogecoin)

$ 0.168487 USD

+1.48%

(24H)

The live price of Dogecoin is $ 0.168487 per (DOGE / USD) today with a current
market cap of $ 24.34B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 1.40B USD. Dogecoin to
USD price is updated in real-time. Dogecoin is +1.48% in the last 24 hours. It
has a circulating supply of 144.47B.

[Buy
Dogecoin](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1ET0dFJmZpYXQ9VVNE&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[üöÄ Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/Coin)

[Crypto Talk](/en/square/profile/Coin)

17 hours ago

[üö®Breaking: Tesla‚Äôs [#Bitcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=Bitcoin) wallet have
started to increase again by more then 1,798 BTC  
  
Elon Musk have become a topic of discussion in the crypto community again
after cryptocurrency data analytics platform Arkham Intelligence added Tesla‚Äôs
Bitcoin wallet tracking feature to its dashboard. Tesla‚Äôs wallet now holds
about 11,509 BTC at the time of writing, 1,789 more than the 9,720 BTC it
reported during its last earnings report which indicates that TESLA is
accummulating $BTC  
[#ETHETFsApproved](/en/square/hashtag?q=ETHETFsApproved)
[#EarnFreeCrypto2024](/en/square/hashtag?q=EarnFreeCrypto2024)
[#altcoins](/en/square/hashtag?q=altcoins)
[#write2earn](/en/square/hashtag?q=write2earn)üåêüíπ  
$ETH $DOGE ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8680283520465)

[](/en/square/profile/CryptoNewsLand)

[CryptoNewsLand](/en/square/profile/CryptoNewsLand)

18 hours ago

[Dogecoin‚Äôs Sentiment Soars: Bulls Take Control, Predicting Upward
Surge!Dogecoin‚Äôs sentiment curve turns bullish, signaling positive future
prospects.  
  
Despite April‚Äôs downturn, Dogecoin exhibits resilience, climbing steadily.  
  
The MACD and RSI indicators support Dogecoin‚Äôs short-term optimism.  
  
Dogecoin (DOGE) is undergoing a remarkable transformation as its weighted
sentiment curve shifts from a bearish to a bullish stance. This significant
change, marked by crossing the zero threshold, indicates a burgeoning optimism
that suggests the potential for sustained growth ahead.  
  
Dogecoin‚Äôs recent journey has been nothing short of a rollercoaster ride,
particularly since the onset of April 2024. During this period, the
cryptocurrency experienced a substantial decline, with its value plummeting by
over 41% from its peak levels. However, amidst the turbulence, there are
emerging signs of resilience and recovery.  
  
One notable development is the resurgence in market sentiment, buoyed by
Dogecoin‚Äôs shift towards a bullish trajectory. Investors and traders are
increasingly optimistic about the cryptocurrency‚Äôs prospects, fueled by the
positive momentum generated by the weighted sentiment curve.  
  
In addition to the sentiment shift, Dogecoin‚Äôs price action is also showing
promising signs of an upward trend. Notably, an ascending triangle pattern has
emerged on the daily chart, with a recent breakout above the upper resistance
level confirming the pattern‚Äôs bullish potential.  
  
For short-term traders and investors, this breakout presents an opportunity to
target potential profits of around 20% before facing potential resistance.
However, it‚Äôs essential to remain vigilant, as a close below the critical
support level of $0.160 could invalidate the bullish pattern, potentially
leading to a reversal of the positive momentum.  
  
Furthermore, technical indicators such as the MACD and RSI are currently
signaling optimism for Dogecoin‚Äôs short-term outlook. These indicators,
coupled with the positive sentiment shift and breakout from the ascending
triangle pattern, suggest that Dogecoin could continue its upward trajectory
in the near term.  
  
Read also:  
  
Solana Breaks Resistance, Surges to $180: Bulls in Control  
  
ECB President Leaked: Digital Euro to Control Payments?  
  
Dogecoin: Expert Predicts Upward Surge Amidst Tight Trading Zone  
  
How Shiba Inu‚Äôs (SHIB) Price Could Skyrocket 600% According to Crypto Analysts  
  
Bank of Japan May Abandon Yield Curve Control, Stage Set for XRP Adoption?  
  
The post Dogecoin‚Äôs Sentiment Soars: Bulls Take Control, Predicting Upward
Surge! appeared first on Crypto News
Land.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8679416635914)

[](/en/square/profile/Utoday_en)

[U.today](/en/square/profile/Utoday_en)

18 hours ago

[SHIB Insider Issues Crucial TREAT Warning, Ripple CTO Sheds Light on
Tokenization, Ethereum'...Check out the top three news stories over the past
weekend presented to you by U.Today.  
  
Shiba Inu insider shares crucial message with SHIB community  
  
Last weekend, the Shiba Inu community received yet another reminder to stay
cautious as the crypto market is currently experiencing an increase in
fraudulent activity. Lucie, the project's marketing lead, took to social media
to reiterate an important message regarding Shibarium ecosystem token TREAT.
In her X post, Lucie warned all SHIB enthusiasts that TREAT has not been
launched yet, warning them to beware of "many impostors targeting
[#SHIBArmy](/en/square/hashtag?q=SHIBArmy)." Concluding the message, the
marketing lead urged those interested in the Shiba Inu project to follow only
its legitimate X accounts to get the right information and avoid confusion. As
a reminder, TREAT is a reward token with multiple purposes, with one of them
being providing liquidity for the SHI stablecoin.  
  
Ripple CTO demystifies tokenization, stuns XRP community  
  
Ripple fintech giant has recently posted a new clip in the "Crypto In One
Minute" on its official X handle. The clip features the company's CTO David
Schwartz, explaining how tokenization can improve efficiency. Schwartz started
the explanation with a quote allegedly belonging to Albert Einstein: "If
someone can‚Äôt explain something in 60 seconds, they probably don‚Äôt understand
it," showing that real understanding does not need a full minute. The CTO
stated that tokenization can improve efficiency by eliminating some of the
problems with asset transfer and ownership. This can be done with the use of
digital distributed ledgers, which will help track the ownership of assets.
"That also simplifies things like if you want to borrow against an asset, use
the asset for collateral, the person who's providing the loan can more easily
determine that you own the asset and they can make sure that you aren't
borrowing from a number of different ledgers," clarified Schwartz, boasting
that his explanation did not even take a minute.  
  
card  
  
Ethereum's Vitalik Buterin surprises with Dogecoin message  
  
Last week the crypto community, and members of the DOGE army in particular,
were startled by sad news; Kabosu (affectionately known as "Kabochan"), the
dog that became the face of the Dogecoin meme cryptocurrency, passed away.
Atsuko Sato, the owner of Kabosu, wrote in an X post that her beloved pet died
peacefully in her sleep. Many prominent figures in the crypto industry reacted
to the passing of Dogecoin's symbol, and Ethereum cofounder Vitalik Buterin
was no exception. Buterin responded to Atsuko Sato's with a simple yet
poignant message: "Rest in Peace Kabochan." The Dogecoin Foundation also paid
its respects, posting on X, "Rest in peace, dear Kabosu, beloved Doge. You
were very much wow." As a reminder, the meme with Kabosu‚Äôs iconic photo went
viral in 2010. Three years later, the Dogecoin asset was created, with Kabosu
becoming its mascot.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8678631483289)

[](/en/square/profile/Anilsingta)

[Anilsingta](/en/square/profile/Anilsingta)

20 hours ago

[Shill me any [#altcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=altcoin) for upcoming bull run
return of 50x  
$DOGE  
$SHIB  
$XRP  
$ADA  
$PEPE  
$MANA  
$ARB ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8675856736954)

[](/en/square/profile/dogecoin_official)

[Doge Coin](/en/square/profile/dogecoin_official)

4 days ago

[Today Kabosu, our community's shared friend and inspiration, peacefully
passed in the arms of her person. The impact this one dog has made across the
world is immeasurable.  
  
She was a being who knew only happiness and limitless love.  
  
Please keep her spirit and her family in your heart, and most importantly
carry her with you as your story continues - we are all fortunate for hers to
have touched and shaped
ours.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8520753482650)

How to Buy Other Coins

## Binance: Where The World Trades Dogecoin

### Fast

Binance‚Äôs world-class matching engine ensures that your crypto trading
experience is quick and reliable.

### Simple

Trading crypto on Binance is easy and intuitive. You only need a few steps to
buy Dogecoin.

### Secure & Trusted

Millions of global crypto users trust us. Our multi-tier & multi-cluster
system architecture and SAFU (Secure Assets Fund for Users) insurance fund
protect your account.

### Liquid

Binance is the world‚Äôs most liquid cryptocurrency exchange, with the biggest
volumes across multiple crypto pairs.

## Start buying DOGE

If you‚Äôre ready to take the next step and want to buy some Dogecoin, take the
next step with Binance!

[Start
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1ET0dFJmZpYXQ9VVNE&registerChannel=SEO_page)

Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility.
You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you
understand the associated risks. The content expressed on this page is not
intended to be and shall not be construed as an endorsement by Binance about
the reliability or accuracy of such content. You should carefully consider
your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and
risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making
any investment. This material should not be construed as financial advice.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value
of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the
amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions.
Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur. For more information,
please refer to our [Terms of Use](/en/terms) and [Risk Warning](/en/risk-
warning).

Please also note that data relating to the above-mentioned cryptocurrency
presented here (such as its current live price) are based on third party
sources. They are presented to you on an ‚Äúas is‚Äù basis and for informational
purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind. Links provided
to third-party sites are also not under Binance‚Äôs control. Binance is not
responsible for the reliability and accuracy of such third-party sites and
their contents.

![Dogecoin price](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/74.png)

## [DOGE price](/en/price/dogecoin)

$ 0.168487 USD

+1.48%

(24H)

The live price of Dogecoin is $ 0.168487 per (DOGE / USD) today with a current
market cap of $ 24.34B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 1.40B USD. Dogecoin to
USD price is updated in real-time. Dogecoin is +1.48% in the last 24 hours. It
has a circulating supply of 144.47B.

[Buy
Dogecoin](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1ET0dFJmZpYXQ9VVNE&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[üöÄ Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/Coin)

[Crypto Talk](/en/square/profile/Coin)

17 hours ago

[üö®Breaking: Tesla‚Äôs [#Bitcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=Bitcoin) wallet have
started to increase again by more then 1,798 BTC  
  
Elon Musk have become a topic of discussion in the crypto community again
after cryptocurrency data analytics platform Arkham Intelligence added Tesla‚Äôs
Bitcoin wallet tracking feature to its dashboard. Tesla‚Äôs wallet now holds
about 11,509 BTC at the time of writing, 1,789 more than the 9,720 BTC it
reported during its last earnings report which indicates that TESLA is
accummulating $BTC  
[#ETHETFsApproved](/en/square/hashtag?q=ETHETFsApproved)
[#EarnFreeCrypto2024](/en/square/hashtag?q=EarnFreeCrypto2024)
[#altcoins](/en/square/hashtag?q=altcoins)
[#write2earn](/en/square/hashtag?q=write2earn)üåêüíπ  
$ETH $DOGE ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8680283520465)

[](/en/square/profile/CryptoNewsLand)

[CryptoNewsLand](/en/square/profile/CryptoNewsLand)

18 hours ago

[Dogecoin‚Äôs Sentiment Soars: Bulls Take Control, Predicting Upward
Surge!Dogecoin‚Äôs sentiment curve turns bullish, signaling positive future
prospects.  
  
Despite April‚Äôs downturn, Dogecoin exhibits resilience, climbing steadily.  
  
The MACD and RSI indicators support Dogecoin‚Äôs short-term optimism.  
  
Dogecoin (DOGE) is undergoing a remarkable transformation as its weighted
sentiment curve shifts from a bearish to a bullish stance. This significant
change, marked by crossing the zero threshold, indicates a burgeoning optimism
that suggests the potential for sustained growth ahead.  
  
Dogecoin‚Äôs recent journey has been nothing short of a rollercoaster ride,
particularly since the onset of April 2024. During this period, the
cryptocurrency experienced a substantial decline, with its value plummeting by
over 41% from its peak levels. However, amidst the turbulence, there are
emerging signs of resilience and recovery.  
  
One notable development is the resurgence in market sentiment, buoyed by
Dogecoin‚Äôs shift towards a bullish trajectory. Investors and traders are
increasingly optimistic about the cryptocurrency‚Äôs prospects, fueled by the
positive momentum generated by the weighted sentiment curve.  
  
In addition to the sentiment shift, Dogecoin‚Äôs price action is also showing
promising signs of an upward trend. Notably, an ascending triangle pattern has
emerged on the daily chart, with a recent breakout above the upper resistance
level confirming the pattern‚Äôs bullish potential.  
  
For short-term traders and investors, this breakout presents an opportunity to
target potential profits of around 20% before facing potential resistance.
However, it‚Äôs essential to remain vigilant, as a close below the critical
support level of $0.160 could invalidate the bullish pattern, potentially
leading to a reversal of the positive momentum.  
  
Furthermore, technical indicators such as the MACD and RSI are currently
signaling optimism for Dogecoin‚Äôs short-term outlook. These indicators,
coupled with the positive sentiment shift and breakout from the ascending
triangle pattern, suggest that Dogecoin could continue its upward trajectory
in the near term.  
  
Read also:  
  
Solana Breaks Resistance, Surges to $180: Bulls in Control  
  
ECB President Leaked: Digital Euro to Control Payments?  
  
Dogecoin: Expert Predicts Upward Surge Amidst Tight Trading Zone  
  
How Shiba Inu‚Äôs (SHIB) Price Could Skyrocket 600% According to Crypto Analysts  
  
Bank of Japan May Abandon Yield Curve Control, Stage Set for XRP Adoption?  
  
The post Dogecoin‚Äôs Sentiment Soars: Bulls Take Control, Predicting Upward
Surge! appeared first on Crypto News
Land.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8679416635914)

[](/en/square/profile/Utoday_en)

[U.today](/en/square/profile/Utoday_en)

18 hours ago

[SHIB Insider Issues Crucial TREAT Warning, Ripple CTO Sheds Light on
Tokenization, Ethereum'...Check out the top three news stories over the past
weekend presented to you by U.Today.  
  
Shiba Inu insider shares crucial message with SHIB community  
  
Last weekend, the Shiba Inu community received yet another reminder to stay
cautious as the crypto market is currently experiencing an increase in
fraudulent activity. Lucie, the project's marketing lead, took to social media
to reiterate an important message regarding Shibarium ecosystem token TREAT.
In her X post, Lucie warned all SHIB enthusiasts that TREAT has not been
launched yet, warning them to beware of "many impostors targeting
[#SHIBArmy](/en/square/hashtag?q=SHIBArmy)." Concluding the message, the
marketing lead urged those interested in the Shiba Inu project to follow only
its legitimate X accounts to get the right information and avoid confusion. As
a reminder, TREAT is a reward token with multiple purposes, with one of them
being providing liquidity for the SHI stablecoin.  
  
Ripple CTO demystifies tokenization, stuns XRP community  
  
Ripple fintech giant has recently posted a new clip in the "Crypto In One
Minute" on its official X handle. The clip features the company's CTO David
Schwartz, explaining how tokenization can improve efficiency. Schwartz started
the explanation with a quote allegedly belonging to Albert Einstein: "If
someone can‚Äôt explain something in 60 seconds, they probably don‚Äôt understand
it," showing that real understanding does not need a full minute. The CTO
stated that tokenization can improve efficiency by eliminating some of the
problems with asset transfer and ownership. This can be done with the use of
digital distributed ledgers, which will help track the ownership of assets.
"That also simplifies things like if you want to borrow against an asset, use
the asset for collateral, the person who's providing the loan can more easily
determine that you own the asset and they can make sure that you aren't
borrowing from a number of different ledgers," clarified Schwartz, boasting
that his explanation did not even take a minute.  
  
card  
  
Ethereum's Vitalik Buterin surprises with Dogecoin message  
  
Last week the crypto community, and members of the DOGE army in particular,
were startled by sad news; Kabosu (affectionately known as "Kabochan"), the
dog that became the face of the Dogecoin meme cryptocurrency, passed away.
Atsuko Sato, the owner of Kabosu, wrote in an X post that her beloved pet died
peacefully in her sleep. Many prominent figures in the crypto industry reacted
to the passing of Dogecoin's symbol, and Ethereum cofounder Vitalik Buterin
was no exception. Buterin responded to Atsuko Sato's with a simple yet
poignant message: "Rest in Peace Kabochan." The Dogecoin Foundation also paid
its respects, posting on X, "Rest in peace, dear Kabosu, beloved Doge. You
were very much wow." As a reminder, the meme with Kabosu‚Äôs iconic photo went
viral in 2010. Three years later, the Dogecoin asset was created, with Kabosu
becoming its mascot.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8678631483289)

[](/en/square/profile/Anilsingta)

[Anilsingta](/en/square/profile/Anilsingta)

20 hours ago

[Shill me any [#altcoin](/en/square/hashtag?q=altcoin) for upcoming bull run
return of 50x  
$DOGE  
$SHIB  
$XRP  
$ADA  
$PEPE  
$MANA  
$ARB ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8675856736954)

[](/en/square/profile/dogecoin_official)

[Doge Coin](/en/square/profile/dogecoin_official)

4 days ago

[Today Kabosu, our community's shared friend and inspiration, peacefully
passed in the arms of her person. The impact this one dog has made across the
world is immeasurable.  
  
She was a being who knew only happiness and limitless love.  
  
Please keep her spirit and her family in your heart, and most importantly
carry her with you as your story continues - we are all fortunate for hers to
have touched and shaped
ours.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8520753482650)

How to Buy Other Coins

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-ÿØ.ÿ•

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-‡ß≥

BGN-–ª–≤

BHD-.ÿØ.ÿ®

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¬•

COP-COL$

CZK-Kƒç

DKK-KR

EGP-E¬£

EUR-‚Ç¨

GBP-¬£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-‚Çπ

JPY-¬•

KES-KSh

KWD-ŸÉ.ÿØ

KZT-‚Ç∏

MAD-ŸÖ.ÿØ.

MNT-‚ÇÆ

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ÿ±.ÿπ.

PEN-S/.

PHP-‚Ç±

PKR-‚Ç®

PLN-z≈Ç

QAR-ÿ±.ŸÇ

RON-lei

RUB-‚ÇΩ

SAR-ÿ±.ÿ≥

SEK-kr

THB-‡∏ø

TRY-‚Ç∫

TWD-NT$

UAH-‚Ç¥

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-‚Ç´

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance¬© 2024Cookie Preferences

