  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Web3](/blog?category=Web3)  >  [Top AI Crypto
Tokens](/blog/top-ai-crypto-tokens)

##### Web3

# Top AI Crypto Tokens

Published on: Mar 12, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are AI Crypto Tokens?**
  * **Key Features of AI Crypto Tokens**
  * **Exploring the Top AI Tokens**

##### In Brief

Discover some of the top AI crypto tokens in 2024. Learn what they do and how
they bring innovation to Web3.

![Top AI Crypto Tokens](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Ftop_AI_tokens_b29dfeb70c.png&w=3840&q=75)

The combination of artificial intelligence (AI) and cryptocurrencies has
created a new breed of digital assets: AI crypto tokens. These tokens leverage
AI technology to enhance blockchain platforms. This paves the way for
innovative applications and services. In this article, we’ll explain what AI
crypto tokens are and how they bring value to the
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com) ecosystem.

Before we get started, remember that you can easily deposit, manage, buy, and
sell many top AI crypto tokens using secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) such as Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What are AI Crypto Tokens?

[AI crypto tokens](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-ai-crypto-coins-explained)
are cryptocurrencies that power AI-based projects, applications, and services
within the blockchain ecosystem. These tokens serve a variety of purposes
within the AI ecosystem, including:

  * Powering AI-based platforms.

  * Facilitating transactions within AI networks.

  * Incentivizing contributions to AI projects.

AI crypto tokens can be used in a variety of applications. These include data
analysis, machine learning, robotics, and more. AI tokens enable participants
to access and utilize AI-related services, contribute to AI development, and
potentially earn rewards for their contributions.

Like other digital assets, [AI crypto
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-ai-crypto-coins-explained) can be
traded on platforms like Trust Wallet. Investors and users can buy, sell, and
exchange tokens based on market demand and other factors.

## Key Features of AI Crypto Tokens

AI crypto tokens have distinct features that set them apart from traditional
cryptocurrencies. Understanding these features will help you recognize the
role and functionality of AI within the
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introduction-to-web3-the-future-of-the-
internet) ecosystem:

### Integration with AI Technology

Unlike conventional cryptocurrencies, AI crypto tokens are specifically
designed to integrate with AI technology. They serve as a means of accessing
and utilizing AI-powered services, platforms, and applications.

### Utility in AI Ecosystems

AI tokens serve as utility tokens. They enable users to access various AI-
related services and functionalities. These tokens facilitate transactions,
data processing, and interactions within AI networks.

### Incentivizing AI Development

AI crypto tokens play a crucial role in incentivizing contributions to the
development of AI projects. By rewarding users for their participation, these
tokens foster collaboration and innovation within the AI community.

### Support for AI Innovation

By providing funding and resources for AI projects, AI crypto tokens
contribute to the growth and development of the AI industry. Developers are
incentivized to create AI solutions through token rewards, driving innovation
in the field of artificial intelligence. These tokens support research,
experimentation, and implementation of new AI technologies and applications.

## Exploring the Top AI Tokens

Many AI tokens have gained prominence within the Web3 space, each offering
unique features and functionalities. Here are three notable AI tokens worth
exploring:

### Bittensor (TAO)

[Bittensor (TAO)](https://trustwallet.com/bittensor-wallet) is a decentralized
machine learning platform focused on reshaping AI development by creating a
peer-to-peer marketplace for machine intelligence. It facilitates
collaboration among AI models, forming a digital hive mind that rapidly
expands knowledge. TAO tokens represent the collective intelligence within the
network, incentivizing contributions from developers globally.

The Bittensor Protocol establishes a marketplace where machine intelligence
becomes a tradable commodity, fostering innovation from a diverse community.
It operates through registration, subnet creation, and validation processes,
ensuring integrity and quality within the network. Miners provide machine
learning services, while validators ensure the accuracy of predictions,
maintaining network stability.

Bittensor uses a Proof of Intelligence (POI) consensus mechanism to reward
nodes that contribute valuable machine-learning models and outputs to the
network. POI is a variation of the Proof of Work (PoW) and Proof of Stake
(PoS) mechanisms used in blockchain networks. The difference is that instead
of solving complex mathematical problems, nodes are required to perform
machine learning tasks to demonstrate their intelligence.

The goal of Bittensor is to create an economy where producers sell machine
intelligence, and consumers enhance their AI models. TAO tokens facilitate
transactions within this ecosystem, providing incentives for participation.
The network's architectural design mirrors biological neural networks,
fostering intelligent collaboration among computational units called Neurons.

With a fixed total supply of 21 million tokens, TAO maintains scarcity and
value over time. Compatible wallets, like Trust Wallet, support TAO storage
and management.

### Fetch.ai (FET)

[Fetch.ai (FET)](https://trustwallet.com/fetchai-wallet) is a blockchain
platform that merges artificial intelligence (AI) and decentralized ledger
technology to create an ecosystem where users can automate tasks.

The platform operates on the premise of autonomous agents, which are
intelligent AI agents capable of independent decision-making and executing
tasks. Fetch.ai utilizes AI, blockchain, and multi-agent systems to create a
decentralized network where AI agents can perform tasks. These agents can make
decisions independently on behalf of people, organizations, and even devices.

Agents can range from simple data collectors to sophisticated financial
traders, each with the ability to interact with other agents and digital or
physical assets. This decentralized approach enables Fetch.ai to create a
dynamic ecosystem where agents collaborate and compete to achieve desired
outcomes without the need for centralized control.

Fetch.ai's AI capabilities are bolstered by its use of machine learning (ML)
algorithms, which allow agents to learn from experiences and adapt their
strategies over time. This adaptive behavior enables Fetch.ai's ecosystem to
evolve and improve continuously, ensuring that it remains resilient and
responsive to changing market conditions and user needs.

By combining AI with blockchain, Fetch.ai seeks to optimize resource
allocation, improve efficiency, and unlock new opportunities for automation
and collaboration across various sectors.

FET, the native cryptocurrency of Fetch.ai, enables users to pay for various
services and transactions, such as deploying autonomous agents, accessing
data, and participating in decentralized applications (dApps). Compatible
wallets, like Trust Wallet, support FET storage and management.

### SingularityNET (AGI)

SingularityNET (AGI) is a decentralized artificial intelligence (AI) platform
and marketplace that aims to democratize access to AI technologies. The
project’s main focus is the creation of an Artificial General Intelligence
(AGI) system that can serve multiple purposes.

The platform's mission is to democratize access to AI technologies, making
them more accessible and affordable to a wider audience. SingularityNET
provides a marketplace where AI developers can offer their services, and users
can easily access them. This approach fosters competition and innovation among
developers, driving the creation of more advanced AI solutions.

SingularityNET encourages collaboration among developers, creating a community
where AI agents can learn from each other and improve their capabilities over
time. By leveraging collective intelligence, the platform aims to address
complex real-world problems more effectively.

A key feature of SingularityNET is its focus on transparency and fairness.
Blockchain technology ensures that all transactions and interactions within
the platform are verifiable and secure. This not only instills trust in the
ecosystem but also promotes accountability among participants.

The platform has its own native token, AGIX, which is used for transactions
within the ecosystem. AGIX has a max supply of 2 billion tokens. Compatible
wallets, like [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download), support AGIX
storage and management.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

