[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vaW50cm9kdWNpbmctdGhlLWZjLXNoYWtodGFyLWZhbnZlcnNlLTUxNDQyNzI2MzkxMDE2MDgwNzg%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mYW4tdG9rZW4vaW50cm9kdWNpbmctdGhlLWZjLXNoYWtodGFyLWZhbnZlcnNlLTUxNDQyNzI2MzkxMDE2MDgwNzg%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Introducing the FC Shakhtar Fanverse

2023-04-04

## Main Takeaways

  * April 4 sees the launch of the [FC Shakhtar Fanverse](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) — a partnership between Binance and one of Ukraine’s most successful football clubs.

  * The [Match Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse/prediction?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) Challenge allows fans to show off their knowledge and make informed judgements on the outcome of FC Shakhtar’s games.

  * For 12 of the team’s matches from April to June 2023, we’ll be providing up to $36,000 in rewards to be shared amongst those taking part, as well as unique fan experiences such as VIP match tickets and meetings with FC Shakhtar players.

  * FC Shakhtar is the first partner to be working with Binance Web3 Services (BWS) — a new initiative we’re making accessible to any organization or brand seeking assistance in making the leap from Web2 to Web3.

_Read on to find out everything you need to know about Binance’s new
partnership with one of Ukraine’s top football teams.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230404/37a81894-4b8e-4cb2-af5a-509098e4d91a)  
Binance is proud to be partnering with Shakhtar, one of Ukrainian football’s
most prestigious clubs. Founded in 1936, FC Shakhtar has won the Ukrainian
Premier League and the Ukrainian Cup 13 times each.

The club has also had success in Europe, reaching the Champions League
quarter-finals and winning the UEFA Cup in 2009 — making it the first club in
independent Ukraine to do so.

Now, thanks to Binance Fan Token and Binance Web3 Services, the club is ready
to take on its next challenge — connecting with its fans across the world
through Web3 and the[ FC Shakhtar Fanverse](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar).

## What Is The FC Shakhtar Fanverse?

April 4 sees the launch of the FC Shakhtar Fanverse — a new partnership
between Binance Fan Token and one of Ukraine’s most successful football clubs.
Together, we’ll be inviting fans to enter the [FC Shakhtar
Fanverse](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) on Binance,
where users will be able to take part in a variety of exciting activities and
receive a share of the rewards on offer.

Those taking part will have the chance to earn fan rewards and experiences,
such as match tickets, signed shirts, and even meetings with FC Shakhtar
players. If you want to take part in these activities and earn rewards, the
first thing you need to do is claim a [Fanverse
Passport](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse/rewards?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-
fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar).

You can claim either an Experience Passport or a Super Passport, depending on
criteria such as whether you’re a new user, ID verification, and friend
referrals. See our
[announcement](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/622cef2d60da48299d7824e0415b32e6?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-
fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) for further details.

However, bear in mind that anyone who levels up to a Super Passport will be
able to unlock the full range of features and activities in the [FC Shakhtar
Fanverse](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-token&utm_medium=ft-
blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar), such as the
[Match Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse/prediction?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-
fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) Challenge and its associated awards —
including a total prize pool of $36,000.

## Fanverse Rewards: Up to $36,000 to Be Shared

The [Match Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-
token/BWS/FCShakhtarFanverse/prediction?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-
fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) Challenge is one of the main activities
currently planned for the FC Shakhtar Fanverse. It allows Passport holders to
show off their sporting knowledge and make informed judgements on the outcome
of FC Shakhtar’s games.

For 12 of the team’s matches from April to June 2023, we’ll be providing up to
$36,000 in rewards to be shared amongst those taking part. The more often you
predict the correct score, the more rewards you’ll receive! Please see our
[announcement](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/622cef2d60da48299d7824e0415b32e6?ref=NO5BA53I&utm_source=fan-
token&utm_medium=ft-blog-body&utm_campaign=ft-sd-
fanverse&registerChannel=fcshakhtar) for further details, including the exact
mechanics of the reward distribution.

We’ll also be maintaining a leaderboard to show the total points accumulated
by different users throughout the Match Prediction Challenge. During the
challenge, the top 100 users will earn a variety of rewards, depending on
their final position.

These include:

  * VIP tickets to FC Shakhtar home matches in European competitions.

  * Meet-and-greet opportunities with the FC Shakhtar team at their stadium.

  * Football shirts signed by FC Shakhtar’s star players.

  * Behind-the-scenes tour of the Legia Training Center in Warsaw. 

  * Autograph sessions or digital meetings with star players.

  * FC Shakhtar merchandise, including shirts, scarves, and club flags.

Other exciting ideas for the future of the FC Shakhtar Fanverse include voting
polls to give fans a greater voice, digital collectibles, exclusive
merchandise, and more.

## FC Shakhtar: Another Elite Partner For Binance Fan Token

The Binance Fan Token Platform is the premier crypto hub for fans and their
favorite teams. Aside from FC Shakhtar, we already work with sporting giants,
such as Lazio in Italy, Porto in Portugal, Santos in Brazil, and BWT Alpine.

In order to heighten the Web3 fan experience, we’re constantly adding top-tier
clubs to Binance Fan Token’s roster – as well as some of the most exciting
brands in gaming, e-sports and entertainment.

Using the power of crypto, we’re here to unlock a range of exciting benefits,
including unique rewards, signed merchandise, special team and brand
experiences, limited-edition NFTs, and exclusive votes on club-related
decisions.

Ultimately, the goal is to help fans engage with their favorite teams in new
and inspiring ways. It’s just one aspect of what we offer via Binance Web3
Services (BWS).

## Introducing Binance Web3 Services

We are pleased to announce FC Shakhtar as the first partner to be working with
Binance Web3 Services (BWS) — a new initiative we’re making accessible to any
organization or brand seeking assistance in making the leap from Web2 to Web3.

BWS’s offerings include the support of Binance Fan Token, as well as a wide
range of Web3 consulting services. Think Web3 business plans, NFT and token
strategies, gaming and metaverse partnerships, Web3 membership systems,
operational guidance, and more.

Another feature of the BWS package is a customized Progressive Web App (PWA).
PWAs create app-like experiences that can be accessed through a web browser,
without the need to download or install an app — thereby providing a more
seamless and integrated user experience. PWAs are becoming increasingly
popular as they offer greater reach and improved discoverability.

Whichever way you look at it, Binance has a wealth of experience in all
aspects of Web3 and BWS is here to help Web2 partners build successful
partnerships as they transition to Web3. Whether it’s legal preparation, data
gathering, trouble-shooting, financial and risk analysis, product launches,
strategy set-up, or overall business strategy — we do it all.

In addition, we have proven platforms to help support your goals, from the
largest centralized NFT marketplace to one of the fastest and most secure
blockchain ecosystems. We know how to connect teams and brands to fans
worldwide. Ready to take the leap into Web3? BWS is here to help. For anyone
interested, please contact us via [bws@binance.com](mailto:bws@binance.com).

## Further Reading

  * [Binance Fan Token Platform](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token?utm_source=fan-token)

  * [Introducing the Binance Fan Token Platform](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d7b9cad2afbb47208921beb52d1ccd01)

  * [What Are Binance Fan Tokens?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-binance-fan-tokens)

_**Risk warning:**_ _Binance Fan Tokens may fluctuate in value and you should
conduct your own due diligence of the suitability of tokens and the risks
involved before you enter into any transaction. To access and use the Binance
Fan Token Platform you must go through our mandatory KYC and Identity
Verification process and agree to the Binance Fan Tokens Terms and Conditions
and the general Binance Terms of Use. Binance has the right to modify and
terminate tokens, utility features, and the entire Binance Fan Token Platform
with all its related content without notice or liability to users. It is your
responsibility to determine whether you are permitted to use the services of
the Binance Fan Token Platform based on the legal requirements in your country
of residence._

195,057,478 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Introducing the FC Shakhtar Fanverse

Main Takeaways

What Is The FC Shakhtar Fanverse?

Fanverse Rewards: Up to $36,000 to Be Shared

FC Shakhtar: Another Elite Partner For Binance Fan Token

Introducing Binance Web3 Services

Further Reading

195,057,478 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

Theme

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

