Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Blog](/blog/)

#  Crypto Basics

[ ![Bitcoin GPU mining](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/shutterstock-765744223-800x533.jpg) Crypto Basics
Crypto Mining Pools Overview: How They Work, Benefits, and Risks May 21, 2024
In proof-of-work (PoW) blockchains like Bitcoin, mining is the method by which
consensus is achieved. The mining process commits transactions,…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-mining-pools/) [ ![A vault with the
words "Proof of Stake" written over its entrance and Ether tokens stacked
outside and inside.](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/proof-of-stake-800x450.jpg) Crypto Basics  Crypto
Staking Overview: How It Works, Benefits, Risks, and Future April 22, 2024  In
2012, Sunny King and Scott Nadal shared the Proof of Stake (PoS) concept in a
paper as a solution… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-staking/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/03/asset-
tokenization-800x450.jpg) Crypto Basics  Asset Tokenization Explained:
Benefits, Risks, and How It Can Work March 22, 2024  The growth of
cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin, Ether, and a wide array of stablecoins has
proven that investors see unique benefits…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/asset-tokenization-explained/) [
![Graphical interpretation of blockchain
gaming](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/blockchain-
gaming-pic-800x465.jpg) Crypto Basics  What Is Blockchain Gaming? November 15,
2023  While the concept of the blockchain was introduced over a decade ago, it
took some time for blockchain gaming to…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/blockchain-gaming/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/yield-
farming-01-800x347.png) Crypto Basics  All About Yield Farming in DeFi
November 2, 2023  When the Ethereum blockchain was released in 2015, it
pioneered an ecosystem powered by smart contracts on top of which…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/introduction-to-defi-yield-farming/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/blockchainsecurity-
chainalysis-800x450.png) Crypto Basics  The Importance of Blockchain Security
October 5, 2023  As the value of assets on the blockchain surpasses $1
trillion in 2023, staying ahead of blockchain-specific cyber threats is…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/blockchain-security/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/erc-20-blog-header-
scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Crypto Basics  Introduction to ERC-20 Tokens June 27,
2023  A transformative aspect of public blockchains is their openness,
allowing anyone to participate in and influence the activities of an…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/introduction-to-erc-20-tokens/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/monero-blog-header-
scaled-1-800x448.jpg) Crypto Basics  Monero: All About the Top Privacy Coin
May 4, 2023  In 2013, developer Nicholas van Saberhagen – most likely a
pseudonym – published the CryptoNote white paper in which he…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/all-about-monero/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/privacy-coins-min-
scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Crypto Basics  Privacy Coins 101: Anonymity-Enhanced
Cryptocurrencies April 18, 2023  Blockchain technology has introduced a new
era of financial transparency. In a cryptocurrency ecosystem where
transactions and wallet balances are…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/privacy-coins-anonymity-enhanced-
cryptocurrencies/) [ ![Abstract graphical representation of a flat world map
with brightly colored boxes \(indicating organizations\) connected by lines
across the world](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/worldmap-800x509.jpg) Crypto Basics  Introduction to
Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs) April 7, 2023  What is a DAO?
Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs) are blockchain-based communities
that are designed to bring a new, more open…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/introduction-to-decentralized-autonomous-
organizations-daos/) [ ![man sitting at desk looking at a monitor with a woman
standing on his right and leaning her hands on the
desk](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/man-sitting-at-
desk-with-woman-standing-scaled-1-800x534.jpg) Crypto Basics  How to Evaluate
Blockchain Analysis Tools February 17, 2023  Successfully operating a crypto
business requires tools that help your organization monitor transactions,
identify potentially suspicious activity, and address it…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/how-to-evaluate-blockchain-analysis-tools/)
[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/shutterstock-2176242673-scaled-1-800x517.jpg) Crypto
Basics  What is Solana? August 30, 2022  Solana is a low-fee, high-speed
public blockchain designed to overcome the scalability problems of Bitcoin and
Ethereum. It currently processes… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/what-is-
solana/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/mixers-
aml-artwork-01-800x400.png) Crypto Basics  Crypto Mixers and AML Compliance
August 23, 2022  In this article, we explain: what crypto mixers are, how they
work, and whether they're compliant with anti-money laundering regulations.
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-mixers/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/layer-1-min-
scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Crypto Basics  New Layer 1 Blockchains Are Expanding the
DeFi Ecosystem, But No Eth Killers Yet June 17, 2022  This blog is a preview
of our State of Web3 Report. Sign up here to download your copy! Nearly all
cryptocurrency… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/web3-layer-1-blockchains/)
[ ![asset-freeze-seize-and-judgment](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/04/shutterstock-1823539730-6-800x358.png) Crypto Basics
Cryptoasset Realization: How Cryptocurrencies Are Frozen, Seized, and
Forfeited April 29, 2022  Investigators have seized billions since Bitcoin’s
creation. Learn how these cryptoassets are frozen, seized, sold and
distributed. ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/cryptoasset-realization-
explained/)

## Posts navigation

1 [2](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crypto-basics/page/2/)
[3](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crypto-basics/page/3/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/crypto-basics/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/blog/category/crypto-basics/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/blog/category/crypto-basics/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/blog/category/crypto-basics/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/blog/category/crypto-basics/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=d270d00e-c4dc-4e5a-93e3-30ecd5d893c8&sid=bdd5af501cfe11ef88bb49496fd12bd0&vid=bdd5b1801cfe11ef8b04bbf91f8379bc&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Crypto%20Basics%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrypto-
basics%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=801757)

![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=e448a979189748929f35d175eb6bb23e&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrypto-
basics%2F&_biz_t=1716906590551&_biz_i=Crypto%20Basics%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=22269&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906590551)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=e448a979189748929f35d175eb6bb23e&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrypto-
basics%2F&_biz_t=1716906590552&_biz_i=Crypto%20Basics%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=543727&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906590552)![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=9627eee4-5dc4-4652-a4d6-2d733eebed54&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c4b0dadd-d2da-4fbc-9ae9-0ec7b9b83ea9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrypto-
basics%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=9627eee4-5dc4-4652-a4d6-2d733eebed54&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c4b0dadd-d2da-4fbc-9ae9-0ec7b9b83ea9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fcrypto-
basics%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

