[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/blog)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/blog)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/blog)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/blog)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/blog)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/blog)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/blog)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/blog)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/blog)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/blog)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Our New Developer Portal Is Here!

Things to know:– We’re thrilled to announce a new version of Ledger Developer
Portal, offering a more developer-friendly UX and revamped branding, tailored
to meet your requirements.– In...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/our-new-developer-portal-is-here "Our
New Developer Portal Is Here!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 12/06/2023 

* * *

  * [All](https://www.ledger.com/blog)
  * [ Company ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/company-news)
  * [ Product ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news)
  * [ Enterprise ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/enterprise)
  * [ Thought leadership ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/thought-leadership)
  * [ Tech ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/tech)
  * [ Donjon ](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/donjon)

Search an article...

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-solana-mobile-announce-enhanced-
security-features "Ledger & Solana Mobile Announce Enhanced Security
Features")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 11/07/2022 

Ledger & Solana Mobile Announce Enhanced Security Features...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-solana-mobile-announce-
enhanced-security-features "Ledger & Solana Mobile Announce Enhanced Security
Features")

[](https://www.ledger.com/binance-joins-ledger-live-securely-buy-80-crypto-
with-credit-card "Binance Joins Ledger Live: Securely Buy 80+ Crypto With
Credit…")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 11/02/2022 

Binance Joins Ledger Live: Securely Buy 80+ Crypto With Credit Ca...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/binance-joins-ledger-live-securely-
buy-80-crypto-with-credit-card "Binance Joins Ledger Live: Securely Buy 80+
Crypto With Credit Card")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/staking-is-now-available-on-ledger-enterprises-
all-in-one-platform "Staking is Now Available on Ledger Enterprise’s All-In-
One Platform")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 10/12/2022 

Staking is Now Available on Ledger Enterprise’s All-In-One Platfo...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/staking-is-now-available-on-ledger-
enterprises-all-in-one-platform "Staking is Now Available on Ledger
Enterprise’s All-In-One Platform")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/secure-staking-with-ledger-enterprise-
mitigating-risks-and-overcoming-challenges "Secure staking with Ledger
Enterprise: mitigating risks and overcoming challenges")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 10/05/2022 

Secure staking with Ledger Enterprise: mitigating risks and overc...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/secure-staking-with-ledger-enterprise-
mitigating-risks-and-overcoming-challenges "Secure staking with Ledger
Enterprise: mitigating risks and overcoming challenges")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/stake-with-ledger-enterprise-put-your-assets-
to-work-and-generate-rewards "Stake With Ledger Enterprise: Put Your Assets to
Work and…")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Enterprise](https://www.ledger.com/category/enterprise "Enterprise") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 09/28/2022 

Stake With Ledger Enterprise: Put Your Assets to Work and Generat...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/stake-with-ledger-enterprise-put-your-
assets-to-work-and-generate-rewards "Stake With Ledger Enterprise: Put Your
Assets to Work and Generate Rewards")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-stake-your-osmosis-through-ledger-live
"Manage & Stake Your Osmosis Through Ledger Live")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 09/09/2022 

Manage & Stake Your Osmosis Through Ledger Live...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/manage-stake-your-osmosis-through-
ledger-live "Manage & Stake Your Osmosis Through Ledger Live")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-nano-x-and-nano-s-plus-now-available-in-
all-best-buy-stores-nationwide "Ledger Nano X And Nano S Plus Now Available
In…")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 09/02/2022 

Ledger Nano X And Nano S Plus Now Available In All Best Buy Store...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-nano-x-and-nano-s-plus-now-
available-in-all-best-buy-stores-nationwide "Ledger Nano X And Nano S Plus Now
Available In All Best Buy Stores Nationwide")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/gain-full-sovereignty-run-your-own-bitcoin-
node-with-ledger-satstack "Gain Full Sovereignty: Run Your Own Bitcoin Node
With Ledger…")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 08/25/2022 

Gain Full Sovereignty: Run Your Own Bitcoin Node With Ledger Sats...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/gain-full-sovereignty-run-your-own-
bitcoin-node-with-ledger-satstack "Gain Full Sovereignty: Run Your Own Bitcoin
Node With Ledger Satstack")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/filecoin-makes-its-way-to-ledger-live-manage-
fil-with-ease-and-security "Filecoin Makes its Way to Ledger Live: Manage Your
FIL…")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts") , [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 08/24/2022 

Filecoin Makes its Way to Ledger Live: Manage Your FIL Tokens Wit...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/filecoin-makes-its-way-to-ledger-live-
manage-fil-with-ease-and-security "Filecoin Makes its Way to Ledger Live:
Manage Your FIL Tokens With Ease & Security")

  * [](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/4)
  * [1](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news)
  * [2](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/2)
  * [3](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/3)
  * [4](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/4)
  * 5
  * [6](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/6)
  * [7](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/7)
  * [8](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/8)
  * [9](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/9)
  * …
  * [26](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/26)
  * [](https://www.ledger.com/blog/category/product-news/page/6)

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/blog)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/blog)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/blog)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/blog)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/blog)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/blog)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/blog)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/blog)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/blog)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/blog)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=bb86698f-3611-489b-9e4c-067e031908c2&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fdd6a587-d48b-4075-bc3b-827388564b63&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fproduct-
news%2Fpage%2F5&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=bb86698f-3611-489b-9e4c-067e031908c2&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=fdd6a587-d48b-4075-bc3b-827388564b63&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fproduct-
news%2Fpage%2F5&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=c7767765-83bd-41b7-95e1-817a17e7656f&sid=aa5177f01cfd11ef816d51f73bd77b7a&vid=aa5189c01cfd11efb89e1b4d13203a50&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Blog%20%7C%20Product%20%7C%20Page%205%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fproduct-
news%2Fpage%2F5&r=&lt=2230&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=67863)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A22%3A08%20GMT&n=0&b=Blog%20%7C%20Product%20%7C%20Page%205%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fproduct-
news%2Fpage%2F5&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

