Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 8

# The Crypto Business Case for a Bank

  *  __ March 19, 2021
  *  __38 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fthe-crypto-business-case-for-a-bank-w-alexander-bechtel%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fthe-crypto-business-case-for-a-bank-w-alexander-bechtel%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Welcome to  **[METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/)**  –
Live conversations with the people operating at the frontier of crypto
innovation: entrepreneurs, bankers, investors, fund administrators, traders,
analysts and other crypto and digital asset market participants. Our objective
is to help the broader ecosystem navigate this complex environment and unlock
the market opportunity.

This podcast is hosted by **[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/)**  – the leading
provider of security-critical infrastructure enabling financial institutions
to enter the digital asset ecosystem.

Our guest is [Alexander
Bechtel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/alexanderbechtel/) – Head of DLT and
Digital Asset Strategy at [Deutsche Bank](https://www.deutsche-bank.de/)
(Corporate Bank). Alex visited Stanford University as a student researcher and
worked as an external consultant at the European Central Bank in Frankfurt.
Since June 2019, he is the host of the German-speaking podcast “[Bitcoin, Fiat
& Rock’n’Roll](https://alexanderbechtel.com/podcast/)“. For this episode,
among others, we discussed: tokenization as a main driver for banks to adopt
crypto; cryptocurrencies in the context of monetary policies; using adaptors
between DLT and payments systems; CBDC’s and digital euro use cases.



**Topics guide:**

[00:11:00] Tokenization as a main driver for banks to adopt crypto;

[00:14:11] CBDC’s and digital euro use cases;

[00:23:01] Cryptocurrencies in the context of monetary policies;

[00:24:30] Using adaptors between DLT and payments systems.



![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/03/mt-speaker_ep-08_dark-
blue_640x371px-e1675443232958.png?x88149)

Disclaimer: This is not investment advice.

### Full transcript

**Seamus:  **Hi, welcome to [METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/metaco-
talks/). I’m Seamus Donoghue, VP Strategic Alliances at METACO.

METACO TALKS is a bi-weekly discussion of topical issues and thought
leadership in the digital asset space and cryptocurrencies. It’s a live-stream
conversation, it’s meant to be interactive. We do have the chat lines open, so
please feel free to ask questions. The recordings afterwards can be found on
our website and will also be available on
[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow), [Apple
Podcasts](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-
future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076), and
[Spotify](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT). Please
subscribe so you can join our future events and if you like what you hear,
please leave a review.

Now, today’s discussion. Very happy to have Alexander Bechtel who will discuss
the crypto business case for a bank. Alexander is the head of DLT and Digital
Asset Strategy at Deutsche Bank. Until last August, Alex was studying and
teaching at the University of St. Gallen. He’s been an external consultant to
the ECB and a visiting researcher at Stanford University. He has given up his
life of academia to steer one of the largest banks towards its digital asset
future. Welcome, Alex.



**Alex:  **[00:00:56] Thanks a lot for having me, Seamus.



**Seamus:  **[00:00:59] I would love to hear your journey from academic – and
I’ve probably mentioned here also that you’re on the opposite side of the mic
this time, you also have your own podcast called Bitcoin, Fiat & Rock’n’Roll –
how you’ve gone from those roles to now a senior banker, focused on crypto and
DLT.



**Alex:**  [00:01:16] My plan was always to stay in academia and become a
professor and I invested a lot of time into my PhD in order to make this
happen. My PhD took me at least five years. Usually, if you plan to go back to
business after your PhD, you do this in three years, so it was not the most
intelligent thing to stay in academia and invest five years and then go back
to business anyway. I started working on these topics also from an academic
side, digital currencies, blockchain etc. two or three years ago. I realized
that there is so much happening in the business currently and I think my
impact can be way bigger on the business side than on the academic side,
because academia unfortunately is always four to five years behind the
business side. That was one main reason for me, why I decided to drop the
academic career, start a career in banking and try to steer a big ship like
Deutsche Bank into the digital asset and currency world.



**Seamus:  **[00:02:20] How is that transition, moving from academia to one of
the world’s largest banks? You now are effectively steering the supertanker.
Is it a bit of a culture shock?



**Alex:  **[00:02:29] Yeah. My day-to-day work has changed massively. Before,
I was most of the day sitting in front of my laptop and thinking basically,
doing data analysis, coding, and now most of my day is sitting in calls, which
I don’t like that much, to be honest. I always try to block enough time
because the actual work is still the thinking, I believe. I always try to keep
the calls as short as possible, but that is something that has changed – way
more managing and talking, and less thinking. I’m trying to come back a bit
more towards the thinking part.



**Seamus:  **[00:03:04] Of course. How difficult would you say it is to do
something truly innovative in a large organization or a large bank as you’re
at now?



**Alex:  **[00:03:13] What I’ve realized is that this massively depends on the
leaders in the bank. I’m very happy that I have someone like Stefan Hoops
within the corporate bank of Deutsche Bank, who is really becoming a thought
leader currently when it comes to blockchain and crypto. He’s brave enough to
say: “I have understood that there is something serious going on and it’s time
to react or maybe even act as a bank, and we need to get active and dive into
that space.”



**Seamus:  **[00:03:44] As a company, we talk to a lot of banks and one of the
things we always struggle with is building the business case to get in this
space. Obviously, that’s one of the topics we had in the title. How is
Deutsche Bank going over some of the hurdles we always hear about, the
reputational risk of Bitcoin is too speculative, it’s not a store of wealth.
There are many arguments, there’s a lot of FUD, and obviously we’ve seen a lot
of your peers come to market. How has Deutsche Bank addressed them?



**Alex:  **[00:04:12] I wouldn’t say that we have already completely overcome
this, we are still struggling and fighting with these problems. These are
still hurdles for us, in particular since we are such a huge institution. Our
long-term plan as always, we think beyond crypto, right? We want to play a
part in this general tokenized assets and currency world. I believe that there
will be a bigger role to play in this world than the pure crypto world for
banks, but still there is for sure, also a role in the crypto world. But, when
we talk about Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, it’s less the problem that
we need to get used to the technology, it’s more that we need to get around
these AML CFT issues. Where does the coin come from? Who is holding? What do
we need to know in order to accept the token? These are really things we are
working hard on at the moment.



**Seamus:  **[00:05:06] Yeah, we’ve heard there are some great tools out there
for chain forensics, but the question is how to assess the risks based on that
information, which is still a learning phase for all the banks.



**Alex:  **[00:05:17] I have to be honest. At Deutsche, we are really at the
start of this journey. We have started working with this last August and we
are still in this learning phase. We have decided that this is an important
topic and we have started the learning phase, but we are still in the midst of
it, I would say.



**Seamus:  **[00:05:35] Just interrupted with a question here. How do you
manage innovative projects within a larger organization so that they’re not
killed off by what he describes as the corporate immune system?



**Alex:  **[00:05:45] That kind of goes into the direction of what I’ve said
earlier. What’s necessary in such a big institution as Deutsche Bank is that
the leaders of the bank are in. It’s really tough if you work against your
upper management and that’s something, by the way, I made clear before I
started here. The deal was I joined Deutsche and I said, let’s maybe wait for
three to four months before we talk about my contract. So, I started working
there three to four months without talking about any contract or pay because I
wanted to make sure that exactly this does not happen, that I run against
walls for years. So I said, let’s get to know each other for three to four
months. I want to make sure that you are serious about going into blockchain
and cryptocurrencies and digital assets. I’m still there, as you can see, so
I’m convinced that the top management in the corporate bank is serious about
it and that I won’t run against walls. I can tell you, a lot has happened
within Deutsche Bank over the last months already, so I’m happy with how it’s
going.



**Seamus:  **[00:06:55] Maybe start talking about it more specifically, what
was the catalyst? To what degree is getting involved driven by peers moving
client demand, or as you said, just having a vision of a future opportunity?
What is driving the media business plan and the catalyst to get moving?



**Alex:  **[00:07:15] I always like to joke that it’s only me who kind of made
this all possible within Deutsche that so much has happened over the last
months, but to be honest, I think 95% is just the market sentiment and the
clients. Starting with a Bitcoin prize which went through the roof over the
last few months, and it’s not a secret if I tell you that, also our clients
get in touch with us and ask us whether they can store their Bitcoins with us.
We have many companies now starting to think about tokenizing assets, which
contact us and say let’s do something together. So, there is so much happening
in this space and not only externally, but also internally. People are
realizing we need to get active and this helps me a lot in driving these
topics internally.



**Seamus:  **[00:08:05] That makes a lot of sense. I imagine we’ve seen a lot
of banks look at Bitcoin specifically as a bolt on asset, another product they
can offer. But looking at tokenization, I imagine the core proposition of the
banks has really been around trust, intermediation, balance sheet. How do you
look at that and what’s happened in this new space? Moving from what the
financial system is really based on (trust, intermediation), we have all these
exchanges, because we didn’t have no way to trade with each other. And now
with the whole sort of DeFi Stack, still early, but maturing, potentially
introducing a stack that’s trustless, that you can have peer-to-peer trading,
peer-to-peer lending, peer-to-peer deposits, many of the functions the banks
do. How does the bank look at that business model potentially evolving?



**Alex:  **[00:08:52] That’s a good question because, in the end, blockchain
is a direct attack to any intermediary, or mainly financial intermediaries.
The question is:  is there a role to play for financial intermediaries in the
future and in the future of financial system? I believe there is an important
role, otherwise I would not have joined Deutsche Bank recently. I’m also
convinced that the role financial intermediaries, not only banks, but
financial intermediaries in general, is going to change, the role of these
institutions play. It’s one of the most important questions banks have to ask
themselves, which role do I want to play in such a system? Because if a
certain fraction of borrowing lending will be decentralized, clearing and
settlement will be decentralized. On the other hand, I do not believe that we
will wake up tomorrow and financial intermediaries will be gone. So this whole
space is very experimental. It’s super exciting. If DeFi enables us to make
our financial system more democratic and efficient, I’m all in for it. It does
not make sense to endlessly improve the carriage if the car is around the
corner. The question I’m always asking myself, is it really that DeFi is the
car and the current more centralized financial system is the carriage, or is
this maybe a bit too simplistic? And there are good reasons for both of them
coexisting. This is where I’m going, but I believe, at least for quite some
time, DeFi might have a role in the system, but also CeFi, so Centralized
Finance might have a role in the system. You see this already today. The main
means of payment that’s used in the DeFi world are centralized stable coins.
There are also decentralized stable coins around the corner, but currently we
are using Tether, we’re using USDC etc. I’m convinced that many DeFi users in
the future will use trusted third parties to store their tokens, for instance.
There are good reasons for CeFi and DeFi to coexist.



#### Using adaptors between DLT and payment systems

**Seamus:  **[00:11:00] I have very much the same view around the coexistence
and the need for trusted counterparties. Not everybody wants to manage their
own keys as much as that’s the theme, not your coin, not your keys, it’s a lot
of responsibility and it’s not trivial. It’s still a fairly complicated
exercise. Always having the option to manage your own keys is also a way to
keep the system a bit more honest. You mentioned stable coins. How do you look
at that space evolving from the banking perspective? Because, when I look at
the McKinsey banking study last year about payments and they talked about
globally and Europe in specific, about 40% of bank earnings comes from
payments. I would imagine looking at stable coins, that could be fairly
disruptive there. How do you think that’s going to play?



**Alex:  **[00:11:44] Yeah, absolutely. That’s exactly how we look at it. When
we talk about stable coins, we mainly look through the payment glasses on this
topic and stable coins are a nice way of bringing our current fiat monetary
system into the DeFi or blockchain world. We believe that this might be a role
banks will be playing in the future as well, either by issuing their own
stable coin or by at least offering payment solutions for existing stable
coins. This might even be a CBDC in the end. For instance, I wouldn’t say that
we have a lot of customers coming to us with this topic, but this is something
the industry is communicating that parts of their business processes might be
running via blockchain in the future.

There’s a business process and at some point in this process, there is a smart
contract which triggers the payment. I usually use an example by Bosch. When
there is an autonomous driving car driving to a charging station, recharging,
and at the end of the charging process, the car pays the charging station. A
classical machine to machine payment, maybe this is going to run via
blockchain or DLT in the future. The problem is – today it’s not possible to
make the car, pay this payment with a Euro or US dollar. We have two solutions
to make this happen. One thing we can do is to build a technical bridge or an
adaptor between the smart contract and our current payment rates, such that
the smart contract can communicate with say Par Tips, Target, whichever
service they use in the end. That’s something we are working on and I think
this is a very interesting solution because it addresses most of the use cases
we have in mind currently. The more elegant and frictionless solution to this
problem would be to say: the smart contract sits on a blockchain. What the
smart contract can do – it can move around tokens. So, why can’t we also bring
the Euro and the US dollar as a token onto this blockchain to make it
frictionless and to let the smart contract settle this payment? Then, I
believe we’re in this stable coin world where we somehow need to repackage our
Euro, which we as banks are already issuing, and make it available as a token
on chain.



**Seamus:  **[00:14:07] It’s kind of the view of a programmable money in many
ways.



**Alex:  **[00:14:09] Absolutely, yeah.

** **

#### CBDC’s and digital euro use cases

**Seamus:  **[00:14:11] There are many theses around how the stable coin
market will evolve. We’ve got things like Tether – obviously the largest, has
a lot of traction in particularly in Asia, although there’s some concerns
about the credibility of it. Then we have things like Circle’s USDC, JP
Morgan’s coin, so there are a lot of different ways. And then we have Asia or
the DSF project out of China’s, which is very much about surveillance and
control. Across the spectrum of options, it is potentially a stable coin
that’s privately backed by US dollars a way to sustain the kind of US dollar
or basically the Western fiat system, or is that the way we’re going to go, or
is it going to be something more centrally sort of surveillance, sort of
dystopic, sort of a potential of a Chinese solution?



**Alex:  **[00:15:02] I always like to distinguish between, when I talk about
digital currencies, three versions or forms of digital currencies. They can be
nicely distinguished when you look at the issuer. Currently, we have digital
currencies that are issued by the state or by central banks, this would be
CBDC. We have digital currencies that are issued by the private sector. This
includes the stable coins you’ve mentioned, Tether etc., something like DM,
and maybe in the future also bank issued stable coins. Then, the third version
is a form of digital currency without an issuer, which would be the
decentralized cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin. Coming back to the theme of
coexistence, I believe that all three are going to co-exist in the future,
hopefully solving different use cases.

We have Bitcoin, you can debate about what Bitcoin exactly is, but it could be
something like digital gold or a decentralized form of a payment. You have the
private stable coins where for sure, Tether is going to play a role, maybe
also banks are going to play a role in the future. And then you have the
CBDCs, which are issued by the state. And I’m always an opponent of saying
it’s really important that when we talk about CBDC, that we think about which
issues are CBDCs trying to solve. It makes no sense if CBDC becomes another
digital means of payment that gives us maybe the seventh checkout option on
Amazon. Just to have another option to pay digitally, this is not interesting,
right? I think CBDC should try to solve problems that are not being solved by
the private sector or public sector today. I always think of mainly two
things, which is we cannot pay offline digitally, that’s one thing, that’s
just not possible today. And we cannot pay anonymously digitally, currently.

Whenever someone asks me why we need a CBDC, I usually bring up these two
points because this is something the private sector is not offering today. I
also do not believe that the private sector is going to offer anonymity and
offline payments in the future, because you cannot earn money with it. It’s
not something you can monetize. That’s a classical market failure. The private
sector has no incentive to offer offline payments or anonymous payments, and
that’s a classical task of the central bank in the end.



**Seamus:  **[00:17:26] That’ll be interesting to see how they address that
anonymous payments. As much as it’s a market failure, it’s also a technical
hurdle, those offline payments, from a digital perspective, as well.



**Alex:  **[00:17:35] Absolutely. I’m working with some colleagues on a paper
where we try to propose a way to enable anonymous payments and at the same
time, and that’s the difficult part because digital anonymous payments are
possible already today. Look at C-Cash for instance. What’s not possible is
digital anonymous payments that are regulatory compliant in the sense that you
need a certain threshold probably, and if you cross that threshold the
anonymity is gone. And that’s the difficult part; make it anonymous until a
certain threshold, let’s say 10,000 Euro, and you’re across 10,000, it’s not
anonymous anymore.



**Seamus:  **[00:18:19] One question here. Why haven’t we mentioned DAI?
Anything about programmatic decentralized stable coins?



**Alex:  **[00:18:25] Currently, mainly Tether used the CI use in the DeFi
world. But if you’re consequential and say I’m in for DeFi, you should use DAI
and not Tether, so I totally agree.



**Seamus:  **[00:18:42] We talked about tokenization of payments, but
someone’s also asked us here, do you see an opportunity for offering new asset
classes to tokenization? And how do you identify these opportunities?



**Alex:  **[00:18:54] That’s exactly what we are looking for as a bank. We
believe that this is going to be the most interesting thing happening in
banking, or I believe that this is going to be the most interesting thing
happening in banking over the next 10 to 15 years, that we will start to
tokenize everything, maybe. We are not talking only about tangible assets, but
you could also think about intangible assets, future earnings, I believe there
have been NBA players in the US, tokenizing their future expected income,
selling it immediately. You could think about students, tokenizing their
future earnings, and financing their studies. Almost anything is possible.

How do we identify the possibilities? On the one hand, we have customers and
partners that are approaching us with ideas, of course, and on the other hand
we are brainstorming here in house and think about what’s the most interesting
thing for us. I believe this market is extremely nascent there is not much
going on, we are in a testing phase currently, but we definitely plan to be
part of this testing phase and get prepared for when the market flies at some
point.



**Seamus:  **[00:20:01] That makes a lot of sense. We have very similar
visions about what you can do longer-term with tokenization. We see a lot of
publicity around tokenizing security markets. I would think for most of the
Western world, security markets work pretty well. Is that one of the end
games? Tokenizing the corporate structures that we know, or is it really about
potentially using the whole concept of Dows and how you could reinvent the
corporate structure altogether, through the space?



**Alex:  **[00:20:33] That’s a difficult question. First, I believe that
classical equity or stocks will be the last assets we are tokenizing, because
this market is working very smoothly. A lot of liquidity, it’s fast, it’s
cheap. There is very little incentive to tokenize this market. I think we will
begin with less liquid assets, maybe things that are not even tradable today.
That’s definitely something that is going to happen. Now, the question is, how
does the market infrastructure look like in the future? Will it be completely
decentralized? Will it be centralized and maybe still organized by exchanges
with permission, maybe environments where certain banks and actors can join to
trade? That’s for me an open question. If any one of the listeners has a good
answer, please get in touch with me because this is also something I’m
wrapping my head around. I believe for quite some time, both are going to
develop in parallel and I’m not sure if any of the two, like a more
centralized trading venues and completely decentralized venues, are becoming
the winner or if this is also coexisting in the future.



**Seamus:  **[00:21:39] One of the questions was exactly that, how will DB
work with DeFi? One of the things I’ve often wondered is if you have this
trusted infrastructure, but you have the ability, there still will be a need
for trusted counterparties. Is that a bridge for your clients into that space?
You can move, you can shift your model that isn’t so much balance sheet
focused, but much more fee-based. Is that not a potentially a better model in
the future?



**Alex:  **[00:22:02] Yeah, and something that’s important to understand is
that our clients…I’m coming from the corporate bank, so when I talk about
clients, it’s mainly corporates, right? And corporates are not interested in
doing all these financial, like borrowing, lending on their own. We’re not
only talking about very simple loans, we are talking about way more complex
stuff in the end. A bank is more than only a gateway into the financial
system. It’s also a consultant, it’s a partner, you do things together. This
may not be underestimated, this is a very, very important reason why our
customers like to work together with us, because they appreciate our
consultancy services around financial issues. This is something that will also
remain in existence in the future.



#### Cryptocurrencies in the context of monetary policies

**Seamus:  **[00:23:01] That makes a lot of sense. You say the last thing you
look at are things like securities markets, looking at these other assets that
you described, basically making the unbankable assets bankable. What’s the
regulatory environment for a bank to get involved with those types of
activities? How do you read that market? How do you read the regulatory
environment for that?



**Alex:  **[00:23:21] I mainly am observing what’s going on in Germany and we
have electronic securities in Germany, which are made possible, then we have
the BaFin license which allows us to offer a digital asset custody. For us, as
a regulated financial institution, it’s the prerequisite to doing anything,
that needs to be regulation. This is also why we cannot become a big player in
the DeFi space now, because it’s pretty unregulated currently. Regulation
always has to come first and then Deutsch Bank and also other big banks can
follow. The regulatory space is something we are observing very closely. Also,
for instance, the MiCA regulation, the markets and crypto assets proposed by
the European commission. We also give feedback to regulators, what we believe
makes sense and does not make sense. That’s currently, also for me personally,
seeing what’s happening within the bank, one of the most important topics: how
do we square this world and our business in this world with existing
regulation?

** **

#### Tokenization as a main driver for banks to adopt crypto

**Seamus:  **[00:24:30] Around the tokenization mark, how long do you think
this takes to become a reality? And to what degree is that part of the current
business base? Do you look at crypto and eventually the other one comes for
free later on? How are you looking at that?



**Alex:  **[00:24:41 I’d say we are looking at both currently. The big
advantage of the crypto market is the market exists, it’s growing quickly, and
you have a business case there. It’s very difficult to come up with a business
case on tokenized art or tokenized real estate at the moment. I’m not talking
about Deutsche Bank now, but in general, for financial institutions, what
makes most sense and what I can observe, most of them are doing this, start
with crypto, get used to the technology, maybe start earning money, in order
to be then ready to go as soon as this wider tokenized assets and currency
market kicks in, because the big advantage is that the IT infrastructure, the
underlying technology for classic cryptocurrencies and tokenized real estate
is similar, if not identical to a certain extent.

We can already start making or gaining experience in the crypto market, which
will then be very valuable for this wider tokenized asset market. That’s also
something we need to understand in order to understand who our competitors in
the future will be. When I say we, I mean the whole banking sector, because I
believe that firms like Coinbase will be a huge competitor for classical banks
because they are already in the crypto space for seven or eight years. They
know this technology, it’s their business already, and they are trying to move
into classical banking services. So I see them as one of the major competitors
for the banking industry in the future.



**Seamus:  **[00:26:21] That’s an interesting point. Just earlier, around your
description of the evolution of the market, starting with crypto, moving into
tokenization is exactly what we preach very much because that’s what we see
our clients do as well. Interesting comment on Coinbase. Coinbase, it’s
rumored to have, or we’ll see when it actually goes for the direct market
listing, potentially a hundred billion dollar market cap that would put it in
the top 15 largest banks in the world. We’re talking about them as
competition, but their M&A is heating up in the crypto space. Any risk
Coinbase buys a bank? Or is that just buying too much legacy baggage and they
can reinvent that space?



**Alex:  **[00:26:58] Interesting point. I’m not sure if Coinbase has a
banking license already. I think they do, I’m not sure, I don’t want to say
anything. This is something that is going to happen if they don’t already have
one. I’m not sure if they have to buy a bank, because they are coming from the
crypto side. They can slowly extend their product suite towards classical
banking products, but still in the DLT and crypto space. I can’t speak for
Coinbase, but I do not think that they want to go in the really classical
legacy banking. It’s way more exciting for them to think about products in the
crypto space. Since we are also thinking about products in the crypto space,
this is how we become direct competitors then.

**Seamus:  **[00:27:42] The valuation has definitely told them that they’re
doing the right thing so far.



**Alex:  **[00:27:47] Absolutely, it’s impressive. I think it’s Goldman Sachs
size roundabout, and that’s impressive. It shows that they are doing a good
job. Congrats to them, it’s good to see that their business model is working.



**Seamus:  **[00:28:01] We don’t have time for too many questions. One last
here: how can the identification problem with crypto tokens and assets outside
the blockchain can be solved when you have several tokens pointing towards the
same asset? Is it a technological solution or guaranteed by contract in the
traditional space or regulation? I think this is really about tokenizing real
world assets and ensuring they’re not done in multiple times, where we’ve seen
the commodity lending market, for example.



**Alex:  **[00:28:29] This is probably where the trusted third parties come
in. I’ll make a general point because I believe this is important. When we
talk about Bitcoin, Bitcoin can exist and work completely decentrally and
without any trusted third party. This is where most of the people come from, I
believe. But as soon as you connect the blockchain with the real world, it’s
almost impossible to make this work without any trusted third party. It can be
an Oracle, but in a lot of cases, and tokenizing assets is one of the cases,
you will have institutions standing behind this. You have someone who
tokenizes this asset, and as soon as real world comes into play and they want
to connect real world with blockchain, there are trusted third partners which
take over certain roles.



**Seamus:  **[00:29:14] There is a bridge of trust to the untrusted, that
makes a lot of sense. Well, Alex, that’s all the time we have today. It’s been
a pleasure talking to you. Thanks for coming on the show today. Given you have
a podcast is there a way people can find out about your podcast and how can
they reach out?



**Alex:  **[00:29:31] I have a website or you can simply google Alexander
Bechtel. I have a website with some information. The podcast unfortunately is
only available in German, so at least for the German speaking listeners. You
will also find that on my website and otherwise feel free to get in touch with
me via LinkedIn. I usually try to respond as quickly as possible.



**Seamus:  **[00:29:50] Thanks, Alex. It’s been great having you on here.



**Alex:  **[00:29:52] Thanks for having me, Seamus.



**Seamus:  **[00:29:56] Thanks for joining. The next Metaco Talks will be on
April 16th. Because of the Easter holiday, we’re delayed a week. Our guest
will be Alexander Lipton. He is the co-founder and CIO of Sila. Sila is aiming
to overhaul the financial service world by using advanced APIs and distributed
ledger technology. That’ll be a one-hour special episode or special event at
Metaco Talks, hosted by our CEO, Adrien Treccani. So, until then, thanks very
much for joining.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

