Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Navigating the Asia Pacific Digital Asset Regulatory Landscape

  *  __ October 11, 2023
  *  __6 min
  *  __by Richard Swainston, Market Director APAC

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-apac-regulatory-landscape%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-apac-regulatory-landscape%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

The state of digital asset regulation across Asia Pacific can be neatly
summarized by the title of a speech by Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS)
Managing Director Ravi Menon on the subject:

> Yes to Digital Asset Innovation, No to Cryptocurrency Speculation.

In sharp contrast to the muddy water of digital asset regulation in the US,
emerging regulations in key APAC markets such as Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan,
South Korea and Australia are clear and supportive.

> The overarching tone, and not just in digital assets, but more generally, is
> very collaborative, where regulators recognize the need to balance risk
> management, consumer protection, and innovation and growth,

observed Angela Ang, who leads Asia Pacific public policy and regulatory
affairs at blockchain intelligence company TRM Labs, and who previously served
as a Deputy Director at the MAS.

Speaking on a recent episode of the [Metaco
Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/) podcast, [Navigating APAC: the
Risk Landscape in Institutional Digital Asset
Management](https://www.metaco.com/talks/navigating-apac-risk-digital-assets-
trmlabs-eventus/), Ang pointed out that while regulators, including the MAS,
are intent on preventing retail investors from engaging in excessively
speculative trading activity, they are “considerably more laissez-faire” when
it comes to institutions.

For example, licensed digital asset businesses in Singapore are only
prohibited from offering lending and staking services to retail clients and
not institutional ones.

“MAS’s approach is based on the assumption that if you’re an institution, you
have the capabilities to make your own assessment on whether this is the right
thing to include in your portfolio,” said Ang.

### TradFi convergence

Singapore and Hong Kong are the two focus markets for digital asset businesses
seeking to set up shop in the region.

Both have “done everything they can to co-opt digital assets into the same
regulatory architecture that existed for other asset classes,” explained Vince
Turcotte, then Director of Digital Assets APAC at trade surveillance and
market risk solutions provider Eventus Systems and now a distributed ledger
and digital assets consultant.  
Turcotte argued that the defining theme of regulations in the region “is that
crypto is being brought into the tent.” Given that most major financial
institutions have started engaging with digital assets, it makes sense to
regulate them in the same way as other assets.

With financial institutions adopting the technology pioneered in the world of
digital assets and applying it to other markets to reduce friction in the back
office, the two worlds are converging. In two years’ time, TradFi and digital
assets will no longer be considered separate, Turcotte argued.

### Nuances of note

Across the region’s markets, regulators have been very supportive towards the
digital asset industry and have been proactive in engaging with it – but there
are important nuances.

Singapore perhaps stands out with its government sponsorship of projects, and
support for innovation and thought leadership, said Turcotte.

Although the Hong Kong government does sponsor projects and offers sandboxes,
“Singapore is the world’s famous petri dish experiment. It is wonderful at
growing new things and trying new things, and it has been that way throughout
its history,” he added.

Hong Kong is adopting a stricter regulatory approach in some regards,
according to Ang, such as in its requirement that digital asset trading
platforms maintain at least [98% of customer deposits in cold
storage](https://www.hk-lawyer.org/content/recent-updates-regulatory-
requirements-virtual-asset-trading-platform-operators), compared to 90% in
Singapore.

Japan sits in the middle, requiring 95%. With a view to positioning Japan as
digital asset leader, the country’s government has released a whitepaper
calling for domestic policies to promote Web3 development.

The [whitepaper’s opening line](https://medium.com/tokyo-fintech/japan-is-
back-again-ldp-web3-white-paper-79d564d7bf2) is “Japan is back, again. As a
first mover in the early days of crypto, Japan learnt valuable lessons from
the devastating hacks suffered by Mt. Gox and Coincheck, prompting it to adopt
stringent consumer safeguards well before the FTX debacle.

South Korea, too, is seeking to support growth in the metaverse and Web3 now
that it is finally pressing ahead with digital asset regulation, added Ang.
Meanwhile, Australia [appears to be moving towards handling digital assets
under the existing
umbrella](https://treasury.gov.au/sites/default/files/2022-12/c2022-259046-financial_services_council.pdf)
Australian Financial Services Licensing Regime.

### Different strengths

Which market offers the best home for a digital asset business with regional
aspirations depends on its offerings and objectives, agreed Ang and Turcotte.

Those seeking to take advantage of the trend towards tokenization might be
better served by Singapore, said Turcotte, while Hong Kong provides a better
base for a digital asset exchanges.

But that distinction may no longer stand by year’s end because “regulators in
both are continuing to move forward in a very progressive way,” he added.

Specifically, regulators in both Singapore and Hong Kong are collaborating
closely with the industry in setting policy, noted Ang.

> There’s a real desire to understand practical issues in terms of
> implementation. They may not always agree with or take the industry
> feedback, but they are listening.

## Access the full **podcast and transcript**

Click on the link below to access the full podcast and transcript.

[Access the podcast](https://www.metaco.com/talks/navigating-apac-risk-
digital-assets-trmlabs-eventus/ "Access the podcast")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

