[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

### Wormhole Ecosystem Fund Application

The Wormhole Foundation is working with Borderless Capital to support teams
building with Wormhole.

Project Name*

Team Name*

Main contact*

Main contact email*

Main contact Telegram handle?*

Please provide an overview of your project including: 1) A brief description
of the project 2) How your project will integrate with Wormhole and utilize
the Wormhole network

Please provide details of the project and demonstrate feasibility of the
development. 1) Provide design, technical specification, technology stack,
documentation on core components, protocols and architecture. 2) Provide
proof-of-Concepts of deployed prototypes (preferred)

Unique value proposition: 1) Are there other projects similar to yours? How do
you differentiate? 2) What specific benefits, once this project is deployed,
can the project bring to the Wormhole ecosystem and/or connected chains/apps?

Project/Team Website*

Project/Team Github Repository*

Team Members' Experience 1) List all core team members and their relevant
experience. 2) Provide reference (Github, website etc) for past development
and deployment of products and services. 3) Please provide past experience for
mainnet deployment and operation of relevant products and services.

Project scope & Architecture (you can link to other documents)

Drag and drop your files here or browse files

Provide supplementary documents if applicable

Drag and drop your files here or browse files

Please provide your operational and deployment plan. Elaborate on critical
success factors for deployment and operation of your product such as
liquidity, risk management, incentives, continuous operation and improvement.
Please provide enough financial and economic detail so we can evaluate
soundness.

Drag and drop your files here or browse files

Please provide details of mainnet deployment plan, plan to acquire users, and
go-to-market strategy:

Current Valuation (USD)

Raise Amount (USD)

Legal Entity

Address of Legal Entity

Jurisdiction & Registration # of Legal Entity

Please provide the web URL to the Registry site

Additional Information: Please supply any other useful information: resources
and teams contributed to this project, other grants received etc.

Additional Information: Please supply any useful and complimentary information
required.

Drag and drop your files here or browse files

Submit

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 â’¸ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

