Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

ON-DEMAND WEBINAR

# Uniting digital assets with traditional financial services **to create the
most trusted banking platform**

In this Metaco Webinar, we discussed the story of [LevelField
Financial](https://www.levelfield.us/), a U.S.-based financial services firm
who is building a banking platform for digital and traditional assets that
leverages the strengths of the U.S. banking system, relies on a solid
foundation of security and regulatory compliance, and draws on its management
team’s expertise across traditional banking.

Access webinar

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/michael-clayton-7.png?x88149)

Speaker

Michael has a 35-year career in capital markets technology spanning four
continents and institutions such as Deutsche Bank, Credit Suisse, JP Morgan,
AIG, ING, BBVA, and Standard Bank. He has managed large global teams both for
custom software development and the integration of vendor packages for a
variety of trading and risk management solutions. More than once he was called
on to lead teams through difficult circumstances, overcoming substantial
obstacles to deliver innovative systems. Despite holding senior roles, Michael
maintains hands-on involvement in the technology and mathematics of cutting-
edge finance.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/levelfield.png?x88149)

Michael Clayton

Chief Technology Officer

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/peter-demeo-webinar.png?x88149)

Speaker

Peter is Global Head of Digital Asset Infrastructure Solutions at IBM, which
focuses on confidential computing technology solutions that further secures
institutional custody, exchange wallets, and tokenization use cases, which
require advanced the most secure private key management. Peter is responsible
for market development, technology roadmaps, and building sales and services
infrastructure. As a certified design thinking facilitator, Peter also helps
clients enhance their solution’s capabilities by leveraging IBM’s Hyper
Protect Services on premise and on the IBM Cloud. Peter is a regular speaker
at blockchain, crypto and enterprise architecture conferences.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/ibm-logo.png?x88149)

Peter DeMeo

Head of Digital Asset Infrastructure

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/seamus-donoghue-webinar.png?x88149)

Speaker

Seamus has extensive domain expertise in investment banking, wealth
management, commodities and crypto markets that spans market structure,
regulations and technology. He spent 20 years building and managing trading
operations across all the global financial centres with JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, Barclays and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Seamus Donoghue

Chief Growth Officer

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/04-leading-the-digital-asset-revolution-from-the-frontlines-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

November 30, 2023

### [Navigating the Legal Terrain around Staking Services in
Switzerland](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/navigating-the-legal-terrain-
around-staking-services-in-switzerland/ "Navigating the Legal Terrain around
Staking Services in Switzerland")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/18-cryptos-in-banking_-what-does-it-take-to-build-a-secure-and-resilient-digital-asset-management-platform_-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

April 28, 2023

### [Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco
Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/tokenized-securities-german-market-
epwg-dfine/ "Tokenized bond issuance with d-fine and Metaco Harmonize™")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/16-information-security-and-digital-assets_-priorities-and-challenges-640x379.png?x88149)

[Webinar](https://www.metaco.com/category/webinar/)

January 17, 2023### [Best practices around security, governance and
compliance](https://www.metaco.com/webinar/best-practices-security-governance-
compliance/ "Best practices around security, governance and compliance")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

## **Access on-demand webinar**

First Name

Last Name

Company

Email

Select a value Afghanistan Albania Algeria Andorra Angola Antigua & Deps
Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh
Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia Herzegovina
Botswana Brazil Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape
Verde Central African Rep Chad Chile China Colombia Comoros Congo Congo
{Democratic Rep} Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark
Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Fiji Finland France Gabon Gambia
Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guatemala Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana
Haiti Honduras Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy
Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati North Korea South
Korea Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya
Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia
Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia
Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Myanmar, {Burma} Namibia
Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman
Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland
Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda St Kitts & Nevis St Lucia Saint Vincent &
the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome & Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal
Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands
Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Swaziland
Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga
Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United
Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican
City Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Hong Kong Aland Islands British
Virgin Islands Gibraltar Bermuda Cayman Islands Jersey Your Country

Select a value Asset Manager Bank Broker Consultancy Corporate Crypto
Custodian Exchange/Trading FinTech Fund Gaming None Other What best describes
your company

Select a value Digital Assets Securities Services Custody Institutional
Banking Transactional Banking IT Product Risk/Compliance Treasury Business
strategy Other Your function

Select a value Consultant C-suite/Founder Director/VP Head of Department
Junior level/Assistant Manager Seniority

I allow Metaco to store and process my personal data according to its [Privacy
Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/), and to provide me relevant
communication related to their products, services or insights.

Comments

Access webinar

