[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vaG93LXRvLWJ1eS9ibmI%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=SEO_page&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vaG93LXRvLWJ1eS9ibmI%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

[Home](https://www.binance.com/en)

[How to buy crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/all-coins)

Buy BNB

![BNB logo](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/128x128/1839.png)

# Where & How to Buy BNB (BNB) Guide

Page last updated: 2024-05-28 13:58 (UTC+0)

Get up to 100 USDT in trading fee rebate vouchers (for verified users)!

[Register
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

Want to buy crypto but don't know where to buy BNB? No worries! Binance offers
many options where you can easily buy several cryptocurrencies including BNB,
with the lowest fees and highest security.

  1. 1

Create a free account on the Binance website or the app.

Binance is a centralized exchange where you can buy several cryptocurrencies
including BNB. Before you can use the Binance platform, you'll need to open an
account and verify your identification.

     * Register via the Binance App
     * Register via the website using your email and mobile number
  2. 2

Choose how you want to buy the BNB asset.

Click on the "Buy Crypto" link on the top of the Binance website navigation to
know about the available options to buy BNB in your country.

For better coin compatibility, you can consider buying a stablecoin like USDT
first, and then use that coin to buy BNB.

    1. A. Buy BNB with Debit / Credit Card

If you are a new user, this is the easiest option to purchase BNB.

      1. Navigate to [buy BNB with USD](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/USD/BNB) page on Binance.
      2. Select BNB and USD from the dropdown menu.
      3. Choose "Card" as the payment method, and click "Confirm".
      4. "Add New Card" will appear if you have not purchased crypto in Binance using debit or credit card before. Click "Add New Card", enter card details and click "Confirm."
      5. On the payment confirmation page, verify details and confirm the order within the time limit. Use 'Refresh' for a new quote.
      6. Click "Confirm" to place your order.
      7. You will be redirected to your bank's OTP transaction page. Follow the instructions to verify the payment.
      8. Once verified, the coin will appear in your Spot Wallet.
    2. B. Buy BNB with Google Pay or Apple Pay

      1. Navigate to [buy BNB with USD](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy/USD/BNB) page on Binance.
      2. Select BNB and USD from the dropdown menu.
      3. Choose either "Google Pay" or "Apple Pay" as your payment method and press "Confirm".
      4. Click the "Buy " button.
      5. On the payment confirmation page, verify details and confirm the order within the time limit. Use 'Refresh' for a new quote.
      6. Click "Confirm" to place your order.
      7. The coin will appear in your Spot Wallet.
    3. C. P2P Trading

Buy BNB directly from other users with Binance’s peer-to-peer service.

      1. Navigate to the Binance P2P page to buy BNB.
      2. Choose your preferred local currency, click on the "BNB" trading pairs, and select from a wide range of supported payment methods.
      3. Start trading as directed on the page. For more details on how to buy on Binance P2P, [click here](https://p2p.binance.com/en).
    4. D. Third Party Payment

There are multiple options for third-party payment channels. Please, visit the
Binance FAQ to check which ones are available in your region.

  3. 3

Check the payment details and fees.

You have 1 minute to confirm your order at the current price. After 1 minute,
your order will be recalculated based on the current market price. You can
click Refresh to see the new order amount.

  4. 4

Store or use your BNB in Binance.

Now that you bought your crypto, you can store it in your personal crypto
wallet or simply hold it in your Binance account. You can also trade for other
crypto or stake it on [Binance Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn) for
passive income. If you would like to trade your BNB to a decentralized
exchange you may want to check [Trust Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/) which
supports millions of assets and blockchains.

Want to keep tabs on coin prices? Visit our [coin price directory](/en/price)
to add to bookmark

![BNB price](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1839.png)

## [BNB price](/en/price/bnb)

$ 597.03 USD

-1.13%

(24H)

The live price of BNB is $ 597.03 per (BNB / USD) today with a current market
cap of $ 88.11B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 1.94B USD. BNB to USD price
is updated in real-time. BNB is -1.13% in the last 24 hours. It has a
circulating supply of 147.59M.

[Buy
BNB](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1CTkImZmlhdD1VU0Q=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[🚀 Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

[Coinpedia](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

2 hours ago

[BNB Chain Loses 80K in a Possible White Hat ActionThe post BNB Chain Loses
80K In A Possible White Hat Action appeared first on Coinpedia Fintech News  
  
BNB Chain lost bitcoin worth $80K in a potential exploit involving multiple
suspicious transactions. The attacker could be a white-hat hacker or an
ethical hacker who finds security vulnerabilities. The attacker received
funding via TornadoCash and also interacted with Binance, indicating a
possible white-hat action. Meanwhile, sophisticated hackers with malicious
intent avoid interacting with large CEXs like Binance, which could discover
their identities.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8709216480554)

[](/en/square/profile/Desmond-Nwabuobi)

[White Island](/en/square/profile/Desmond-Nwabuobi)

2 hours ago

[12 Basic Crypto Tools to Master and Level Up Your Binance TradingIntroduction  
  
Binance is a dominant force in the crypto exchange landscape, but to truly
optimize your trading experience within its ecosystem, you'll need a well-
rounded toolkit. Here are some essential crypto tools specifically geared
towards enhancing your Binance trading.  
  
1\. Binance Spot and Margin Trading Interface: Mastering the core
functionalities of Binance's trading interface is crucial. This includes
understanding order types (market, limit, stop-loss), order book depth,
trading fees, and margin trading mechanics (if applicable).  
  
2\. Binance Earn: Explore Binance Earn's suite of products like Flexible
Savings, Locked Staking, and DeFi Staking. This allows you to passively earn
interest on your crypto holdings without actively trading.  
  
3\. Binance Launchpool: This platform enables you to discover and potentially
earn rewards from promising new crypto projects by committing your existing
holdings to liquidity pools. However, thoroughly research these projects
before participating.  
  
4\. Binance Research & Analysis Reports: Dive into the in-depth research
reports and market analyses provided by Binance Research. This can offer
valuable insights into specific projects and broader market trends.  
  
5\. Binance Academy: This comprehensive educational platform offers courses
and articles tailored to various crypto topics and experience levels. Utilize
them to learn about fundamental and technical analysis, trading strategies,
and navigating the Binance ecosystem.  
  
6\. Binance Live Webinars and Events: Attend live webinars and events hosted
by Binance to learn from industry experts, analysts, and project teams. This
can provide valuable real-time insights and perspectives on the crypto market.  
  
7\. Binance Launchpool: Be among the first to discover promising new crypto
projects. By committing your existing holdings to liquidity pools, you can
potentially earn rewards in the form of the new project's tokens.  
  
8\. Binance P2P Trading: Trade crypto directly with other users on Binance's
peer-to-peer platform. This can offer greater flexibility in payment methods
and potentially lower fees compared to traditional exchange trading.  
  
9\. Binance Savings: Park your idle crypto in flexible or fixed-term savings
products and generate interest. This is a low-risk way to earn some additional
crypto while waiting for opportune trading moments.  
  
10\. Binance Margin Trading (For experienced users only): This advanced
feature allows you to leverage your holdings to potentially amplify your gains
(and losses). Use this tool with extreme caution and only if you fully
understand the risks involved.  
  
11\. Binance Futures & Options Trading (For experienced users only): These
advanced derivatives allow you to speculate on future price movements of
cryptocurrencies. Master risk management techniques before venturing into
futures and options trading.  
  
12\. Binance Blog & Social Media: Stay informed about the latest updates,
promotions, and features offered by Binance by following their official blog
and social media channels.  
  
Conclusion  
  
Mastering these tools takes dedication and practice. Start with a few that
complement your trading style and gradually incorporate others as you gain
experience. Responsible risk management and thorough research are paramount
before making any investment decisions. By combining these tools with
Binance's functionalities, you can elevate your trading experience and
potentially navigate the crypto market with more confidence. Always prioritize
responsible risk management and conduct thorough research before making any
trades. [#EarnFreeCrypto2024](/en/square/hashtag?q=EarnFreeCrypto2024)
[#Write2Earn](/en/square/hashtag?q=Write2Earn)! $BNB  
$VITE ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708118077793)

[](/en/square/profile/BNB_Chain)

[BNB Chain](/en/square/profile/BNB_Chain)

2 hours ago

[1/ We aim to build a fast, cost-effective, scalable, developer-friendly, and
secure multi-chain strategy for the Web3 economy.  
  
We’re dedicated to enhancing the developer experience and pushing for mass
Web3 adoption.  
  
Let’s explore the diversity of BNB Chain’s AI ecosystem!
🧵](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708001965521)

[](/en/square/profile/Cryptoknowmics)

[Cryptoknowmics](/en/square/profile/Cryptoknowmics)

3 hours ago

[Bitcoin Exploit on BNB Chain Causes $80K Loss; White Hat SuspectedRecent
attacks on the BNB Chain led to the loss of approximately $80,000 worth of
Bitcoin through multiple suspicious transactions, sparking important questions
regarding their attacker’s intent and methods. Suspicious Transactions and
Potential White Hat Hacking On May 28, on-chain security firm Cyvers reported
the exploit and noted that an attacker obtained funding via TornadoCash …  
  
Continue reading "Bitcoin Exploit on BNB Chain Causes $80K Loss; White Hat
Suspected"  
  
The post Bitcoin Exploit on BNB Chain Causes $80K Loss; White Hat Suspected
appeared first on Cryptoknowmics-Crypto News and Media
Platform.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8706756729130)

[](/en/square/profile/Square-Creator-4d9133535)

[Crypto_Kathy](/en/square/profile/Square-Creator-4d9133535)

4 hours ago

[🕵️‍♂️ A sneaky $80K Bitcoin exploit on BNB Chain has left the crypto
community scratching their heads. Was it a white hat hacker testing the
waters? Or a black hat hacker with a change of heart? 🤔 The mystery deepens as
the culprit interacted with Binance, a big no-no for the usual crypto baddies.
This comes after a heartwarming tale of a hacker returning $22.3M worth of
Ether to Gala Games. Who said hackers don't have a soft side? Share your
thoughts below! 💭 [#CryptoMystery](/en/square/hashtag?q=CryptoMystery)
[#HackerHeartstrings](/en/square/hashtag?q=HackerHeartstrings)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8705281309193)

How to Buy Other Coins

## Binance: Where The World Trades BNB

### Fast

Binance’s world-class matching engine ensures that your crypto trading
experience is quick and reliable.

### Simple

Trading crypto on Binance is easy and intuitive. You only need a few steps to
buy BNB.

### Secure & Trusted

Millions of global crypto users trust us. Our multi-tier & multi-cluster
system architecture and SAFU (Secure Assets Fund for Users) insurance fund
protect your account.

### Liquid

Binance is the world’s most liquid cryptocurrency exchange, with the biggest
volumes across multiple crypto pairs.

## Start buying BNB

If you’re ready to take the next step and want to buy some BNB, take the next
step with Binance!

[Start
now](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1CTkImZmlhdD1VU0Q=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and price volatility.
You should only invest in products that you are familiar with and where you
understand the associated risks. The content expressed on this page is not
intended to be and shall not be construed as an endorsement by Binance about
the reliability or accuracy of such content. You should carefully consider
your investment experience, financial situation, investment objectives and
risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser prior to making
any investment. This material should not be construed as financial advice.
Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future performance. The value
of your investment can go down as well as up, and you may not get back the
amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your investment decisions.
Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur. For more information,
please refer to our [Terms of Use](/en/terms) and [Risk Warning](/en/risk-
warning).

Please also note that data relating to the above-mentioned cryptocurrency
presented here (such as its current live price) are based on third party
sources. They are presented to you on an “as is” basis and for informational
purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind. Links provided
to third-party sites are also not under Binance’s control. Binance is not
responsible for the reliability and accuracy of such third-party sites and
their contents.

![BNB price](https://s2.coinmarketcap.com/static/img/coins/64x64/1839.png)

## [BNB price](/en/price/bnb)

$ 597.03 USD

-1.13%

(24H)

The live price of BNB is $ 597.03 per (BNB / USD) today with a current market
cap of $ 88.11B USD. 24-hour trading volume is $ 1.94B USD. BNB to USD price
is updated in real-time. BNB is -1.13% in the last 24 hours. It has a
circulating supply of 147.59M.

[Buy
BNB](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYnV5LXNlbGwtY3J5cHRvP2NyeXB0bz1CTkImZmlhdD1VU0Q=&registerChannel=SEO_page)

## Binance Square

[](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

[Binance Square Official](/en/square/profile/Binance_Square_Official)

8 days ago

[🚀 Launch Alert: Write to Earn!  
  
You can now earn rewards for posting content on Binance Square! [Register
now](https://www.binance.com/en/square/WritetoEarn) and let your words
generate a 5% commission on your readers' trading fees for you.  
  
Full details about the Write to Earn campaign
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8333112571634).  
  
Additionally, you can level up to unlock higher commissions and gain access to
more exclusive benefits on Binance Square. Learn more about the tiered rewards
benefits
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8126594816465)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8347792556329)

[](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

[Coinpedia](/en/square/profile/coinpedianews)

2 hours ago

[BNB Chain Loses 80K in a Possible White Hat ActionThe post BNB Chain Loses
80K In A Possible White Hat Action appeared first on Coinpedia Fintech News  
  
BNB Chain lost bitcoin worth $80K in a potential exploit involving multiple
suspicious transactions. The attacker could be a white-hat hacker or an
ethical hacker who finds security vulnerabilities. The attacker received
funding via TornadoCash and also interacted with Binance, indicating a
possible white-hat action. Meanwhile, sophisticated hackers with malicious
intent avoid interacting with large CEXs like Binance, which could discover
their identities.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8709216480554)

[](/en/square/profile/Desmond-Nwabuobi)

[White Island](/en/square/profile/Desmond-Nwabuobi)

2 hours ago

[12 Basic Crypto Tools to Master and Level Up Your Binance TradingIntroduction  
  
Binance is a dominant force in the crypto exchange landscape, but to truly
optimize your trading experience within its ecosystem, you'll need a well-
rounded toolkit. Here are some essential crypto tools specifically geared
towards enhancing your Binance trading.  
  
1\. Binance Spot and Margin Trading Interface: Mastering the core
functionalities of Binance's trading interface is crucial. This includes
understanding order types (market, limit, stop-loss), order book depth,
trading fees, and margin trading mechanics (if applicable).  
  
2\. Binance Earn: Explore Binance Earn's suite of products like Flexible
Savings, Locked Staking, and DeFi Staking. This allows you to passively earn
interest on your crypto holdings without actively trading.  
  
3\. Binance Launchpool: This platform enables you to discover and potentially
earn rewards from promising new crypto projects by committing your existing
holdings to liquidity pools. However, thoroughly research these projects
before participating.  
  
4\. Binance Research & Analysis Reports: Dive into the in-depth research
reports and market analyses provided by Binance Research. This can offer
valuable insights into specific projects and broader market trends.  
  
5\. Binance Academy: This comprehensive educational platform offers courses
and articles tailored to various crypto topics and experience levels. Utilize
them to learn about fundamental and technical analysis, trading strategies,
and navigating the Binance ecosystem.  
  
6\. Binance Live Webinars and Events: Attend live webinars and events hosted
by Binance to learn from industry experts, analysts, and project teams. This
can provide valuable real-time insights and perspectives on the crypto market.  
  
7\. Binance Launchpool: Be among the first to discover promising new crypto
projects. By committing your existing holdings to liquidity pools, you can
potentially earn rewards in the form of the new project's tokens.  
  
8\. Binance P2P Trading: Trade crypto directly with other users on Binance's
peer-to-peer platform. This can offer greater flexibility in payment methods
and potentially lower fees compared to traditional exchange trading.  
  
9\. Binance Savings: Park your idle crypto in flexible or fixed-term savings
products and generate interest. This is a low-risk way to earn some additional
crypto while waiting for opportune trading moments.  
  
10\. Binance Margin Trading (For experienced users only): This advanced
feature allows you to leverage your holdings to potentially amplify your gains
(and losses). Use this tool with extreme caution and only if you fully
understand the risks involved.  
  
11\. Binance Futures & Options Trading (For experienced users only): These
advanced derivatives allow you to speculate on future price movements of
cryptocurrencies. Master risk management techniques before venturing into
futures and options trading.  
  
12\. Binance Blog & Social Media: Stay informed about the latest updates,
promotions, and features offered by Binance by following their official blog
and social media channels.  
  
Conclusion  
  
Mastering these tools takes dedication and practice. Start with a few that
complement your trading style and gradually incorporate others as you gain
experience. Responsible risk management and thorough research are paramount
before making any investment decisions. By combining these tools with
Binance's functionalities, you can elevate your trading experience and
potentially navigate the crypto market with more confidence. Always prioritize
responsible risk management and conduct thorough research before making any
trades. [#EarnFreeCrypto2024](/en/square/hashtag?q=EarnFreeCrypto2024)
[#Write2Earn](/en/square/hashtag?q=Write2Earn)! $BNB  
$VITE ](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708118077793)

[](/en/square/profile/BNB_Chain)

[BNB Chain](/en/square/profile/BNB_Chain)

2 hours ago

[1/ We aim to build a fast, cost-effective, scalable, developer-friendly, and
secure multi-chain strategy for the Web3 economy.  
  
We’re dedicated to enhancing the developer experience and pushing for mass
Web3 adoption.  
  
Let’s explore the diversity of BNB Chain’s AI ecosystem!
🧵](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8708001965521)

[](/en/square/profile/Cryptoknowmics)

[Cryptoknowmics](/en/square/profile/Cryptoknowmics)

3 hours ago

[Bitcoin Exploit on BNB Chain Causes $80K Loss; White Hat SuspectedRecent
attacks on the BNB Chain led to the loss of approximately $80,000 worth of
Bitcoin through multiple suspicious transactions, sparking important questions
regarding their attacker’s intent and methods. Suspicious Transactions and
Potential White Hat Hacking On May 28, on-chain security firm Cyvers reported
the exploit and noted that an attacker obtained funding via TornadoCash …  
  
Continue reading "Bitcoin Exploit on BNB Chain Causes $80K Loss; White Hat
Suspected"  
  
The post Bitcoin Exploit on BNB Chain Causes $80K Loss; White Hat Suspected
appeared first on Cryptoknowmics-Crypto News and Media
Platform.](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8706756729130)

[](/en/square/profile/Square-Creator-4d9133535)

[Crypto_Kathy](/en/square/profile/Square-Creator-4d9133535)

4 hours ago

[🕵️‍♂️ A sneaky $80K Bitcoin exploit on BNB Chain has left the crypto
community scratching their heads. Was it a white hat hacker testing the
waters? Or a black hat hacker with a change of heart? 🤔 The mystery deepens as
the culprit interacted with Binance, a big no-no for the usual crypto baddies.
This comes after a heartwarming tale of a hacker returning $22.3M worth of
Ether to Gala Games. Who said hackers don't have a soft side? Share your
thoughts below! 💭 [#CryptoMystery](/en/square/hashtag?q=CryptoMystery)
[#HackerHeartstrings](/en/square/hashtag?q=HackerHeartstrings)](https://www.binance.com/en/square/post/8705281309193)

How to Buy Other Coins

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

