Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

[Network](/blog/?interval=3&category=Network)

12 min read

# Ethereum: The Dencun Discussion

Proto-Danksharding and more!

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='675'%20width='1200'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Cover
Image](/static/e3fbd7475760cb995fdca5fd1fa41c29/bb8ee/Eth_Cover_ec28f2021d.png)![Cover
Image](/static/e3fbd7475760cb995fdca5fd1fa41c29/bb8ee/Eth_Cover_ec28f2021d.png)

Published on

7 Apr, 2024

Copy
Link[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22Ethereum%3A%20The%20Dencun%20Discussion%22&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.luganodes.com%2Fblog%2Fethereum-
dencun%2F)[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.luganodes.com%2Fblog%2Fethereum-
dencun%2F&title=Ethereum%3A%20The%20Dencun%20Discussion&summary=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22Ethereum%3A%20The%20Dencun%20Discussion%22)

## Introduction

On March 13, we observed the launch of the much anticipated Dencun Upgrade
(Cancun-Deneb), which was slated to greatly decrease gas fees across the
board. And that, it certainly did. The gas fees on major L2 plummeted to near-
zero levels.

As more L2s welcome the upgrade, we will see further drops across L2s, leading
to an inevitable increase in transaction volume. Pulling users away from the
expenses of the mainnet, and boosting L2s will certainly affect the market
drastically. Behind all of this scalability is one specific technology -
Proto-danksharding. A discussion on this, and all the other EIPs, and ERCs
that come along with this upgrade - will be our focus in this article.

## Ethereum Roadmap

The famous Ethereum roadmap, a long term vision of where this grand project is
actually heading has always been a point of reference when discussing any
Ethereum upgrade. A quick re-cap:

The Merge: This was the transition of Ethereum from a Proof of Work (PoW) to a
Proof of Stake (PoS) consensus mechanism, significantly reducing the network's
energy consumption. [The Merge marked a pivotal
shift](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/ETHPoSAnniv/) in Ethereum's
architecture​​.

The Surge: This phase aims to significantly increase Ethereum's scalability
and transaction throughput via sharding and improvements in data handling. The
Surge involves enhancements such as proto-danksharding, which makes the
network more efficient in processing transactions and scaling up to handle
more activities​​.

The Scourge: The focus here is on ensuring the decentralisation and security
of Ethereum's transaction inclusion process, addressing the issues around
Maximal Extractable Value (MEV) and proposing solutions to minimise its impact
on network fairness and security​​.

The Verge: This phase is centred on improving Ethereum's efficiency and
accessibility by implementing Verkle trees and SNARK proofs. These
technologies aim to streamline block verification, making the network more
scalable and user-friendly​​.

The Purge: Aiming to simplify the Ethereum network by reducing its historical
data and thereby lowering the costs of operation and participation. This
involves measures like EIP-4444, which proposes pruning data older than one
year to lighten the load on the network​​.

The Splurge: This component is more about fine-tuning and optimising the
network following the major upgrades in the previous phases. It focuses on
ensuring that the network runs smoothly and efficiently after significant
changes have been implemented​​.

While working towards different parts of the roadmap is more of a concurrent
process and not a linear one, the Dencun Upgrade kicks off the Surge, with
EIP-4844.

![eth 2.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/eth_2_9b807b2d5c.png)

We will be going through the entire update on a per EIP basis to get a quick
understanding of changes, with a special focus on the Surge-enabling proto-
danksharding.

> EIPs (Ethereum Improvement Proposals) are documents proposing new features
> or changes to the Ethereum blockchain, released periodically to guide the
> network's updates and improvements.

## EIP - 4844: Proto-danksharding

Proto-danksharding is arguably one of the most awaited additions to Ethereum
since the Merge on September 15, 2022. This development is part of Ethereum's
broader objective to enhance scalability and reduce gas prices, which have
consistently restricted the adaptability of the larger Ethereum ecosystem.

For effective scaling, it is crucial that every node in the Ethereum network
downloads and processes every single transaction. The necessity for numerous
nodes, each maintaining a copy of Ethereum data, is vital to decentralisation,
since it forms the essence of the entire crypto industry.

Balancing scalability while maintaining the feasibility for each validator to
run nodes presents a significant challenge. This has led to various solutions,
one of which is a fundamental concept in computer science known as sharding.
At its core, sharding involves dividing a database into smaller, more
manageable databases for easier processing. In the context of Ethereum, this
refers to blockchains and mini-blockchains running parallel to the main
Ethereum network, the Beacon chain.

However, in this iteration, there is not much actual "sharding" occurring.
Thanks to the efforts of Dankrad Feist, a much more simplified implementation
was conceived, distinct from traditional sharding. This approach involves a
unique entity known as the Binary Large Object, affectionately referred to as
“Blob”. This implementation is known as Danksharding.

![eth 3.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/eth_3_fd8af8197e.png)

Before we get ahead of ourselves, let's look at the current reality to know
where Blobs fit in. Currently, our solutions to scalability are Layer 2s such
as Arbitrum and Optimism. As an entirely different chain, built on top of
Ethereum - L2s greatly increase transaction speeds while deriving their
security from Ethereum, since Ethereum still validates the transactions
(assuming the consensus role).
[Rollups](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/ZKRollupsExplained/) will carry the
greater load of providing scalability to Ethereum, as we look towards a
[Rollup-centric future](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/a-rollup-centric-
ethereum-roadmap/4698).

"Over the last few years, we have seen Ethereum slowly shift over to becoming
an L2-centric ecosystem. Major applications have started to move over from L1
to L2, payments are starting to be L2-based by default, and wallets are
starting to build their user experience around the new multi-L2 environment."

![testimonial image](https://i.imgur.com/qUs9IzO.png)

Vitalik Buterin

Founder, Ethereum

Earlier, we discussed how Ethereum transaction data must be present on all its
nodes. This persistent data, known as Calldata, is expensive to store because
its presence on nodes is permanent. Currently, rollups utilise Calldata for
their operations. However, Blobs introduce a new form of persistent data with
an expiration date.

Implementing Danksharding to its fullest extent demands significant complex
work and multiple updates. To establish a simpler, working prototype, in a
quicker time frame, developer ProtoLambda showcased a practical approach -
Proto-danksharding.

This novel method introduced a new transaction type called Blob-carrying
transactions. Alongside regular Ethereum transaction blocks, some blocks will
carry a "motorcycle side-car" - the Blob.

The genius behind Blobs lies in their design, which allows individual nodes to
perform minimal work to verify data availability. Unlike the conventional
method of downloading all transaction Calldata, Blobs provide a quicker and
more straightforward solution.

Blobs are designed to delete themselves after a certain timeframe which
decreases the storage overhead. Blobs also remain inaccessible to the
Execution Layer (EL)/EVM, which means they are not executed on the EVM and do
not affect the state of the blockchain directly. Therefore Blob data is
smaller, temporary and much cheaper.

The efficiency of Blobs has led to reduced gas prices on Layer 2s.
Consequently, this leads to rollups being supercharged, since they are no
longer bogged down by expensive transaction fees.

Since Blobs do not interact with the Execution side, they will have their own
separate fee market. Therefore, even if Layer 1 experiences congestion and
high gas fees, Blob prices will remain stable.

In summary, Blobs represent a new, smaller, temporary, and more cost-effective
form of persistent data. They come with their own transaction type and fee
market. The introduction of Blobs offers rollups an improved method for data
verification, contributing to lower gas prices on Layer 2s, an effect that is
currently underway.

Proto-danksharding is already a game changer, but is still an early version of
the complete implementation of dank-sharding, when the blob sizes will become
bigger. There is a lot to look forward to when full fledged dank-sharding is
implemented.

Other EIPs

### EIP-1153: Transient Storage

A developer favourite, EIP-1153 achieves a major development with considerably
lesser effort. By introducing the concept of Transient storage, it creates
much cleaner smart contract designs, saves gas fees and significantly
simplifies EVM design. These words are right out of dev mouths, and this EIP
even has its [own fanpage](https://www.eip1153.com/)!

In the current system, regular storage is used for transient use, leading to
unnecessary writes on permanent EVM storage - and expensive gas spent.
Transient storage on the other hand is cleared after each transaction.
Basically, it's like RAM, cleared when not needed anymore.

### EIP-4788: Beacon Block Root in the EVM

During the Merge, the Ethereum Mainnet was merged with the Beacon chain,
ushering Ethereum to an era of Proof of Stake transactions. However, we should
note that behind the scenes, these two chains are coupled 1:1, yet separate.
The Ethereum Mainnet works as the Execution Layer (EL) and the Beacon chain
works as the Consensus Layer (CL). The EL processes the transactions and
broadcasts them, and the CL handles the PoS part, verifying the transaction
with validators.

With this separation, there are issues regarding how these layers communicate.
A lack of built-in communication requires the need for trusted oracle
services. For example, for a Liquid Staking provider, oracles are needed to
update the daily earnings for users. EIP-4788 eliminates the need for such
oracles by making the consensus state available to the EVM, and hence all
contracts and providers.

EIP-4788 uses a method in which the parent Beacon Block is forced to be
present on the corresponding EL block’s header. This creates an in-built
oracle by which the consensus state is available to the EL, without relying on
another oracle solution.

This ingenious solution creates a more secure environment as trust is
minimised and no external oracle needs to be paid. This increases efficiency
for Liquid Staking and Re-staking, the biggest protocols of our time.

### EIP-5656: MCOPY

This one is a straightforward addition of a new opcode. Memory copying
involves moving data from one location to another. The current provisions for
this process are not efficient.

MCOPY combines the MSTORE and MLOAD opcodes to create a more efficient method.
This is just an add-on feature, but it significantly reduces gas consumption.

### EIP-6780: SELFDESTRUCT only in same transaction

This EIP limits the usage of SELFDESTRUCT, an older and controversial opcode
designed for cleaning up old code. Its functionality, however, has been
erratic, which opened doors for hackers to exploit its implementation.
Moreover, the upcoming introduction of Verge (Verkle trees), renders the
current implementation of this opcode impossible.

Instead of being removed entirely, the use of this opcode is now restricted;
it can only be called within the same transaction that created the contract.

In summary, this EIP mitigates risks of malicious attacks and enhances smart
contract security by constraining an outdated opcode. It also facilitates
future developments.

### EIP-7044: Perpetually Valid Signed Voluntary Exits

The goal of this EIP is to empower stakers by simplifying the process of
exiting a stake. Typically, a non-custodial validator handles all staking
operations using a signing key, while the staker possesses the withdrawal key
to prove ownership.

Currently, if a staker decides to leave, the validator's cooperation is needed
to use the signing key for the exit process. Although it's rare, there's a
chance a validator might refuse to assist. To circumvent this potential issue,
Pre-signed Voluntary Exits were introduced, enabling stakers to independently
manage their exit. Originally, these voluntary exits were only valid for the
duration of the current and previous blockchain forks. EIP-7044 now proposes
to extend the validity of these exits indefinitely, ensuring stakers have
lasting control over their exit process.

![image \(129\).png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/image_129_0e502d09a0.png)

### EIP-7045: Increase Max Attestation Inclusion Slot

The purpose of this EIP is to decrease confirmation times. Each Ethereum Epoch
consists of 32 slots, where validators are required to attest to blocks. This
EIP permits validator attestation over two rolling epochs, effectively
providing validators with 64 slots for attestation.

This process is necessary because the underlying algorithms depend on the
validators' attestations, and increasing the number of attestations
accelerates the confirmation process. Although the actual details are much
more complex, the essence is that it reduces block confirmation times and
decreases latency for users.

### EIP-7514: Add Max Epoch Churn Limit

Ethereum has a certain churn rate. Churn rate being the number of validators
that can be added per epoch. This metric increases with the increase in the
number of validators and vice-versa. This EIP manages this influx, capping it
at 8 and eliminating any variability.

This may sound counterintuitive, since more validators equals more ETH, which
leads to greater security as per PoS consensus. However, the constantly
increasing number of validators can pose challenges in the future, especially
when implementing Single Slot Finality.

> Single Slot Finality(SSF) aims to drastically reduce time to finality -
> basically finalising an Ethereum block, which is currently 15 minutes.

The community has hence decided to slow the influx of validators, which will
give them time to work on SSF - which is impractical at larger validator sets.

This EIP is hence more of a cautionary measure for now to make sure the parts
are functioning well before taking on a greater load.

![image \(131\).png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/image_131_e37de46649.png)

### EIP-7516: BLOBBASEFEE opcode

We mentioned earlier in EIP-4844 that Blobs offer a new form of persistent
storage, with their own fee market. This EIP proposes the BLOBBASEFEE opcode,
to be utilised by Rollups and L2s to query the current blob-base fee.

## Goodbye Goerli

The Dencun Upgrade also marks the end of the lifecycle for the Goerli testnet.
As Ethereum’s first multi-client testnet Goerli was monumental in Ethereum’s
development. With the launch of Dencun on March 13, 2024, Goerli officially
shuts down on April 13, 2024.

This marks the shift, when developers are now advised to move to Sepolia,
which is the current default testnet for smart contract development. Holesky
meanwhile will be the infrastructure and protocol-developer testnet.

## Conclusion

This was another episode of the Ethereum ecosystem, pushing some really
interesting updates, and carving the path ahead for all of us. While we read
the theory, it is exciting to see the practical reflection, the gas prices
falling. The far-reaching consequences are even more exciting, since a lower
gas fee makes the network much more accessible. Opening doors to decentralised
finance for more people and creating opportunities for more interesting
implementations of Ethereum. Vitalik, with Dencun, has already signed a focus
on L2 DApps and solutions, and this marks the unfolding of a new phase.

"For a long time, the Ethereum ecosystem has been content to develop
applications for a relatively small bubble, and high fees were a good reason
why we could not go further. Today, no longer. And so, we no longer have an
excuse."

![testimonial image](https://i.imgur.com/qUs9IzO.png)

Vitalik Buterin

Founder, Ethereum

## About Luganodes

Luganodes is a world-class, Swiss-operated, non-custodial blockchain
infrastructure provider that has rapidly gained recognition in the industry
for offering institutional-grade services. It was born out of the Lugano Plan
B Program, an initiative driven by Tether and the City of Lugano. Luganodes
maintains an exceptional 99.9% uptime with round-the-clock monitoring by SRE
experts. With support for 40+ PoS networks, it ranks among the top validators
on Polygon, Polkadot, Sui, and Tron. Luganodes prioritizes security and
compliance, holding the distinction of being one of the first staking
providers to adhere to all SOC 2 Type II, GDPR, and ISO 27001 standards as
well as offering Chainproof insurance to institutional clients.

Staking Guides

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='281'%20width='500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/22b8ef4af783d1be013027de0af704eb/86bab/EIGEN_b3006e7c3b.png)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/22b8ef4af783d1be013027de0af704eb/86bab/EIGEN_b3006e7c3b.png)[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)EigenLayer
— How to Claim & Stake $EIGEN Tokens with LuganodesThis guide outlines the
procedures for claiming and staking $EIGEN tokens with Luganodes, following
EigenLayer's new token launch. It provides step-by-step instructions for users
to participate in the staking process effectively.15 May, 20244 min
read](/blog/eigenSG/)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='281'%20width='500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/9a20e544cf2d9d7882987abf3b31fede/86bab/stacking_9d77bef22c.png)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/9a20e544cf2d9d7882987abf3b31fede/86bab/stacking_9d77bef22c.png)[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)
Stacks — How to Stack $STX with LuganodesExplore the benefits of Stacking on
Stacks L2 with this guide, detailing how to securely stack STX tokens using
Luganodes, and maximize returns on the Stacks blockchain. Perfect for
enhancing your crypto investments.5 May, 20244 min read](/blog/StacksSG/)

[View all posts](/blog)

Subscribe to get our latest updates!

New products & networks supported, staking research, blog updates, and
exclusive offers directly in your inbox.

Email

Staker Type

Type of Staker

By subscribing, I accept the [privacy policy](/privacypolicy).Subscribe

## Suggested  
articles

### Stay up to date

[Read All](/blog/?category=Network)

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='843.75'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/webp;base64,UklGRqwAAABXRUJQVlA4WAoAAAAQAAAAEwAACgAAQUxQSCUAAAABD9D/iAioim0luoDLp5WNRhSauJshov8TwKcLYUQ93OgCjNEAAFZQOCBgAAAAEAQAnQEqFAALAD7RVqNLqCSjIbAIAQAaCWQAnTKAA0MW4blQJnCgtgAA/vGBdwShLJ1bBMzVkNa2XIT8SJ5DFqPEmFLgQXZdvLMKkotIzHBXZuo8h04PRXcIm2HfgAAA)![Blog
image](/static/419471c69036c85ed51649c8ec954c71/110ca/1_8_QVO_4_Jy_YE_Zqko_Jj_Dw_Qufg_3bc6f70e26.webp)![Blog
image](/static/419471c69036c85ed51649c8ec954c71/110ca/1_8_QVO_4_Jy_YE_Zqko_Jj_Dw_Qufg_3bc6f70e26.webp)NetworkPioneering
a Decentralised Web: The TRON EcosystemWe take a look at how TRON is not just
here to create a superior blockchain, but infact trying to transform the very
fabric of the internet. We explore the history, the inner workings, its token
and its impressive ecosystem - which defines
TRON.](/blog/TronEcosystem)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844.2857142857143'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/webp;base64,UklGRqoAAABXRUJQVlA4WAoAAAAQAAAAEwAACgAAQUxQSBUAAAABF9D/iAgQZNtcspJDPUFE/7OqfQEAVlA4IG4AAADQAwCdASoUAAsAPtFWpEuoJKOhsAgBABoJZgAAW/Am0SCZcfWHzAAA/vPOyAaO4giJBENzQpDydeQtnn5dr+yZunfYQ7hiChXhyv8U6h3roPuF/d4BaHDszv8+5A0zWqUISynd38/8fftpQMKgAA==)![Blog
image](/static/d1ce9b1b927c428c55e51660a2533146/2c2d0/1_l_n_A_Zi_Yd_LG_To_Pc6g_HE_81_Hg_f45e2fbef1.webp)![Blog
image](/static/d1ce9b1b927c428c55e51660a2533146/2c2d0/1_l_n_A_Zi_Yd_LG_To_Pc6g_HE_81_Hg_f45e2fbef1.webp)NetworkPowering
a Digital Renaissance: LUKSOWe explore how LUKSO is bringing Web3 to the art
and fashion universe, and creating a robust new creative
economy.](/blog/LUKSOHighlight)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='845'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/dffcf9ec5490ded2690fc663ab383825/2edc6/image_78_6d796f4bfe.png)![Blog
image](/static/dffcf9ec5490ded2690fc663ab383825/2edc6/image_78_6d796f4bfe.png)NetworkConnecting
the Two Realms: KavaIn this article, we explore the growth and evolution of
Kava, a pioneering Cosmos Layer-1 blockchain. It highlights Kava's unique co-
chain architecture, integrating Ethereum and Cosmos ecosystems for enhanced
interoperability. The piece also delves into Kava's significant milestones,
including its partnership with Tether (USD₮) and its impact on the blockchain
and DeFi
space.](/blog/KavaHighlight)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAALCAIAAADwazoUAAAACXBIWXMAAAsTAAALEwEAmpwYAAACTUlEQVR42iWS204aURiF9xzYh9l7zwnEExo1aIoKwsAcgAERtIgwFIVaCCqosYkXNu0rNN406YXpRds0fY0mveyjdcRk5b/7slbW+oEhiC8yBTEuSIuCtCxIq2JkXYJJGb2SUQaSPKYFTG3MCogWoGJBxWVqSTNBiOmCEBWleVFeEuXEDNsQ5E0JpmS0B0nIeJgVES0h6mPuY7ZPtYYWraozOCZHdCDEAIgDYRmIK4K0o/A0VnIKy8vYh7RG1BpmB4g1mXGixTpqtMXNuqKCBYSbtnO4l31TLLetQs/xgozV27Meuqe3ldrH4/bp8tqBTFqKFlC9jXgLsQ7VA2a0uQkSEHfcYjvvBJbdy9ut1O7IK+/PLw1S6auMNU3n+osrLcj6avT3/Ycf07vHVvcqsT6g+oCZYFWGXbfYL/mjWn3aOBr71ft2cOmWPp0EN5ZTF1Eb81NFO0P822jy5/HLv++/Pjc751gdKwbYgHhYq3etQpDODix7WHAbCwmf6Ydq9DXTW5h3MO9h9Qyy96vJv1+ffl7fTZfWJlp8gnWQhPi8XB351aFXGtreIJPzCC9CpQKVOqTHiAWInSH1HdHH2tzT6OphO3uhxm9pbEoMkJTgOhC3RCklyjuSnI0glzCf8Aqiz/XO4D5Wh0S7pOYFMaZ87oZGr4k5ISbYlNEB4s3E2lvbHTped2vbDVfFrDLb5ijsNnTG6jnRxkQP3cK04Z0+wwbYktFuBOcU7uqmzTSH6+EzOZiVMathXkcsTN5F/MV8RPTLkA+lmBeK8R8tn2UlG6heCAAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)![Blog
image](/static/3286a0486b39bb731312894dff1903e6/64737/TRON_COVER_414e364c7b.png)![Blog
image](/static/3286a0486b39bb731312894dff1903e6/64737/TRON_COVER_414e364c7b.png)NetworkTRON:
Roadmap and BeyondIn this TRON revisit, the blog outlines the platform's
mission to decentralize the internet and empower content creators,
highlighting its growth, Bitcoin integration, and a roadmap for enhancing
blockchain interoperability and user experience.](/blog/tron-
roadmap)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844.2857142857143'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/6f844bea6e94b8cddfd55fa8ebdec1a9/87926/0_Ei_Q_Yz_QU_9_E_Qv2_I_Yeb_6209ea4801.png)![Blog
image](/static/6f844bea6e94b8cddfd55fa8ebdec1a9/87926/0_Ei_Q_Yz_QU_9_E_Qv2_I_Yeb_6209ea4801.png)NetworkExploring
Liquid Staking: A Look at LidoWe take a look at what Liquid Staking is,
through Lido's lens and also learn how Lido is making an
impact.](/blog/LidoHighlight)

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

