Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

This page is incomplete and we'd love your help. Edit this page and add
anything that you think might be useful to others.

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Smart contract composability

m

Last edit: [@minimalsm(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/minimalsm),
March 4, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * A brief introduction
  * What is composability?
  * How does composability work?
  * Benefits of composability
    * Shorter development cycle
    * Greater innovation
    * Better user experience
  * Examples of composability in Ethereum
    * Token swaps
    * Governance
    * Identity management
  * Related tutorials
  * Further reading

## A brief introduction

Smart contracts are public on Ethereum and can be thought of as open APIs. You
don't need to write your own smart contract to become a dapp developer, you
just need to know how to interact with them. For example, you can use the
existing smart contracts of [Uniswap(opens in a new
tab)](https://uniswap.exchange/swap), a decentralized exchange, to handle all
the token swap logic in your app – you don't need to start from scratch. Check
out some of their [v2(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v2-core/tree/master/contracts) and
[v3(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/Uniswap/uniswap-v3-core/tree/main/contracts)
contracts.

## What is composability?

Composability is combining distinct components to create new systems or
outputs. In software development, composability means developers can reuse
existing software components to build new applications. A good way to
understand composability is to think of composable elements as Lego blocks.
Each Lego can be combined with another, allowing you to build complex
structures by combining different Legos.

In Ethereum, every smart contract is a Lego of sorts—you can use smart
contracts from other projects as building blocks for your project. This means
you don't have to spend time reinventing the wheel or building from scratch.

## How does composability work?

Ethereum smart contracts are like public APIs, so anyone can interact with the
contract or integrate them into dapps for added functionality. Smart contract
composability generally works off three principles: modularity, autonomy, and
discoverability:

**1\. Modularity** : This is the ability of individual components to perform a
specific task. In Ethereum, every smart contract has a specific use case (as
shown in the Uniswap example).

**2\. Autonomy** : Composable components must be able to operate
independently. Each smart contract in Ethereum is self-executing and can
function without relying on other parts of the system.

**3\. Discoverability** : Developers cannot call external contracts or
integrate software libraries into applications if the former are not publicly
available. By design, smart contracts are open-source; anyone can call a smart
contract or fork a codebase.

## Benefits of composability

### Shorter development cycle

Composability reduces the work that developers have to do when creating
[dapps](/en/dapps/#what-are-dapps). [As Naval Ravikant puts it:(opens in a new
tab)](https://twitter.com/naval/status/1444366754650656770) "Open source means
every problem has to be solved once."

If there is a smart contract that solves one problem, other developers can
reuse it, so they don’t have to solve the same problem. This way, developers
can take existing software libraries and add extra functionality to create new
dapps.

### Greater innovation

Composability encourages innovation and experimentation because developers are
free to reuse, modify, duplicate, or integrate open-source code to create
desired results. As a result, development teams spend less time on basic
functionality and can allocate more time experimenting with new features.

### Better user experience

Interoperability between components of the Ethereum ecosystem improves the
user experience. Users can access greater functionality when dapps integrate
external smart contracts than in a fragmented ecosystem where applications
cannot communicate.

We'll use an example from arbitrage trading to illustrate the benefits of
interoperability:

If a token is trading higher on `exchange A` than `exchange B`, you can take
advantage of the price difference to make profit. However, you can only do
that if you have enough capital to fund the transaction (i.e., buying the
token from `exchange B` and selling it on `exchange A`).

In a scenario where you don't have enough funds to cover the trade, a flash
loan might be ideal. [Flash loans](/en/defi/#flash-loans) are highly
technical, but the basic idea is that you can borrow assets (without
collateral) and return same within _one_ transaction.

Going back to our initial example, an arbitrage trader can take out a large
flash loan, buy tokens from `exchange B`, sell them on `exchange A`, pay back
the capital + interest, and keep the profit, within the same transaction. This
complex logic requires combining calls to multiple contracts, which wouldn't
be possible if smart contracts lacked interoperability.

## Examples of composability in Ethereum

### Token swaps

If you create a dapp that requires transactions to be paid in ETH, you can
allow users to pay in other ERC-20 tokens by integrating token swap logic. The
code will automatically convert the user’s token to ETH before the contract
executes the called function.

### Governance

Building bespoke governance systems for a [DAO](/en/dao/) can be expensive and
time-consuming. Instead, you could use an open-source governance toolkit, such
as [Aragon Client(opens in a new tab)](https://client.aragon.org/), to
bootstrap your DAO to quickly create a governance framework.

### Identity management

Instead of building a custom authentication system or relying on centralized
providers, you can integrate decentralized identity (DID) tools to manage
authentication for users. An example is [SpruceID(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.spruceid.com/), an open-source toolkit which offers a "Sign
in with Ethereum" functionality that lets users authenticate identities with
an Ethereum wallet.

## Related tutorials

  * [Kickstart your dapp frontend development with create-eth-app](/en/developers/tutorials/kickstart-your-dapp-frontend-development-with-create-eth-app/) _– An overview of how to use create-eth-app to create apps with popular smart contracts out the box._

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

  * [Composability is Innovation(opens in a new tab)](https://future.a16z.com/how-composability-unlocks-crypto-and-everything-else/)
  * [Why Composability Matters For Web3(opens in a new tab)](https://hackernoon.com/why-composability-matters-for-web3)
  * [What is Composability?(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.aragon.org/what-is-composability/#:~:text=Aragon,connect%20to%20every%20other%20piece.)

## Help us with this page

If you're an expert on the topic and want to contribute, edit this page and
sprinkle it with your wisdom.

You'll be credited and you'll be helping the Ethereum community!

Use this flexible [documentation template(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.notion.so/efdn/Writer-
template-4b40d196cde7422ca6a2091de33550bd)

Questions? Ask us in the #content channel on our [Discord server(opens in a
new tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

[Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/composability/index.md)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/index.md)
  * On this page

    * A brief introduction
    * What is composability?
    * How does composability work?
    * Benefits of composability
      * Shorter development cycle
      * Greater innovation
      * Better user experience
    * Examples of composability in Ethereum
      * Token swaps
      * Governance
      * Identity management
    * Related tutorials
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

