[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs") __
  * ... __
  * Ledger and Samsung on Security Where Web2 and Web3 Hardware…

# Ledger and Samsung on Security Where Web2 and Web3 Hardware Meet

By **Linda Orenes-Lerma**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Mar 2, 2023 | **Updated May 29, 2023**

__Read 6 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-meet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20on%20Security%20Where%20Web2%20and%20Web3%20Hardware%20Meet%C2%A0&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-meet
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-and-samsung-on-security-
where-web2-and-web3-hardware-meet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-
meet&title=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20on%20Security%20Where%20Web2%20and%20Web3%20Hardware%20Meet%C2%A0
"Reddit")

![NFT computer screen on a black background](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/07_NFT_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
— Web2 hardware, such as your smartphone, provides a way to share information
with ease, but it’s not designed to protect value.  
  
—Web3 hardware, such as a hardware wallet, is designed to protect your
information- and its value – away from the internet.  
  
— Web2 and Web3 hardware must work together to help connect and protect us in
the digital realm and thus Samsung and Ledger have partnered to do just that.  
  
The internet is evolving; as are the tools we use to interact with it. You may
be familiar with web2 hardware- in fact, you’re likely using a smartphone or
laptop to read this right now – but not many people question what it’s for.

To explain, Web2 is all about sharing information. Your web2 hardware, such as
your smartphone, connects to the internet. This gives you access to your
favorite apps and websites, which exist purely to send and receive – or share
– information.

But what do you know about web3 hardware? Your web3 hardware is the key to a
different network, giving you access to cryptocurrency, decentralized apps,
and much more. Most importantly, it can protect you from exposing critical
data via the internet.

With the new opportunities the digital age brings, it also poses new risks.
With that in mind, it’s important to understand how web2 and web3 hardware
must work together. As a result, Samsung and Ledger have partnered to help
pave the way.

## What is Web2? A Recap

[Web2](https://www.ledger.com/academy/web-3-from-information-to-value) is the
internet of information. It provided the underlying infrastructure for anyone
to become a publisher of information: Youtube, Instagram, and Facebook are all
great examples of how a simple internet connection and a well-designed
interface can generate an entire economy based on creating and consuming
content.

You might not own the content you publish there – but that hasn’t stopped
those platforms from exploding in popularity, becoming some of the most
powerful companies in the world and coming to define a whole generation.

## Web2 Hardware: How the Smartphone Evolved To Work with the Internet

As one of the champions of web2 hardware, the smartphone evolved along with
the digital sphere. As web2 progressed from simple websites to so much more,
smartphones incorporated web2 functionality to support the tech’s advancement.

For example, smartphones gave us access to a camera and a notepad, then the
internet allowed us to share those photos and messages. Together they helped
us build meaningful connections in the digital realm. Connections aside, their
synergy also gave regular people the knowledge of a thousand libraries at
their fingertips.

All of the interconnectivity brought many opportunities for almost every
industry. And it’s a perfect relationship between web2 and the smartphone that
made that possible.

Today, smartphones and other web2 capable devices are no longer a luxury, but
an essential tool for millions around the world. From humble recipe apps to
mighty social media apps; sharing information is now just a part of our daily
lives.

## Why Web3 is Different

Let’s go back to the start for a second. As you’ll remember, Web3’s defining
feature is that it can own and manage value, not just data.

In the same way you currently send an email directly to a friend, Web3 lets
you send and receive anything with digital value including; coins, tokens and
even digital artworks via NFTs. This value transfer is possible at the click
of a button.

The reason these digital assets are so valuable is the concept of ownership &
provenance. Since they live on a decentralized digital ledger, they are almost
immutable – hardly anyone can tamper with them. Not only that, access to this
ledger is permissionless: almost anyone can use it no matter their social
status or location.

The use cases for blockchain technology seem to be endless. Decentralized
finance platforms and apps allow money management without banks. Decentralized
autonomous organizations (DAOs) offer ways to govern groups without leaders.
But it’s also impacting creators too. The metaverse allows us to build and
personalize virtual worlds, and then NFTs allow us to tokenize art and receive
royalties. These are just a few examples of the sheer variety of use cases for
this technology.

## Crypto Wallets: Where Private Keys Are Stored

However, to take part in the web3 ecosystem, you’ll need a crypto wallet. To
explain, a crypto wallet allows you to generate multiple blockchain accounts.
Each one of these accounts has a corresponding public and private key.

Public keys are like your email address for the blockchain – you can share
them with anyone you wish to receive value from.

Your private key, however, is more like the key to your home. Anyone with
access to that private key can access your address and everything stored
there. It represents your on-chain identity: proving to the blockchain that
you are who you say you are. This means keeping it secure is absolutely
imperative to protect your valuable blockchain assets, such as crypto and
NFTs.In short, your private key is one of the most important pieces of data to
protect.

Primarily, Crypto wallets come in two main types: Software or Hardware. At
first glance, a software crypto wallet might seem the better option. You can
start using crypto from the smartphone you already have and all of your
important information is centralized on one device. But unfortunately, web2
hardware is not designed to protect web3 value.

So let’s find out why.

The main difference between software and hardware wallets is where they keep
your private keys.

Software-based wallets are essentially programs you install on a web2 device,
such as a smartphone. These wallets store your keys on the host device,
leaving them vulnerable to attack. On the other hand, a hardware wallet is a
physical device purpose-built for securing your private key. It never connects
to the internet – which helps to keep your keys safe.

## Connected Devices Can Always be Hacked

If you’re like most people, you probably think that your smartphone is safe
from hackers.

But it’s not – a very sophisticated mobile device can be hacked invisibly, via
your internet connection. This leaves your passwords, financial information,
and other sensitive data at risk – and also means any private keys you’ve
stored in a software wallet could be accessed remotely.

**So how do you protect your keys, and therefore your precious crypto
assets?**

One way to keep your keys safe is by securing them in an environment that is
completely offline at all times – something fundamentally at odds with the
design of your phone.

In order to fully take advantage of the freedom that Web3 offers, we need to
use hardware that is specifically designed for Web3 security. That’s where
Web3-specific hardware like Ledger comes in.

A hardware wallet is a physical device that exists in complete isolation from
your internet connection. Private keys generated here are protected from
remote hacks.

Ledger devices are among the world’s leading hardware wallets, with each
designed to secure your digital assets. Each device generates and secures your
private keys offline, and also acts as an isolated venue where you’ll be able
to digitally sign transactions in safety.

## How to Use a Crypto Hardware Wallet with your Smartphone

If web3 devices stay offline, then how do we interact with the wonderful world
of web3?

This is where your web3 device relies on its web2 counterpart to establish the
connection. To explain, every Ledger hardware device pairs with Ledger Live –
a bespoke interface that connects to your web2 hardware such as your phone.
This means you can use Ledger Live on your smartphone to; interact with a
number of dApps, send coins and tokens, and even visualize your unique NFT
collection – as long as you can validate the action with your ledger device.

This symbiotic relationship gives users the best of both worlds: A smartphone
is built for connectivity, and a Ledger Device protects you while connected.
These two devices work together, offering the other the functionality it
lacks.

## Samsung and Ledger: Always-On Connectivity meets Web3 Security

Understanding the importance of both web2 and web3 hardware, Ledger and
Samsung have partnered to demonstrate how both generations of devices can grow
together. The partnership of these two modern hardware companies puts a focus
on providing security, ease of crypto asset management, and education to new
web3 users. To ease the transition, they present the Web3 Starter Bundle – a
perfect package to help anyone embrace web3 technology.

As your web2 and web3 hardware must work together, this Web3 Starter Bundle
includes a new Samsung S23 series smartphone and a Ledger Nano X hardware
wallet.

The Samsung S23 series smartphone offers you a seamless way to create and
connect. For instance, its 200MP camera easily portrays depth and dimension at
night. Plus, you can even use it to record high-quality time lapses with ease.

Using the Ledger Live App, these two pieces of hardware can connect via
Bluetooth, or via a cable. From there, you have the web3 ecosystem at your
fingertips. With these devices, you could start your own NFT collection or
participate in a DAO.

In the spirit of showcasing what this technology offers, the web3 starter
bundle also includes some NFTs by internationally renowned digital artists,
such as Jaiden Stipp, Plastic Pen, Specter, and Thomas Fleck. Plus, those with
a web3 starter bundle will also get the chance to mint artwork (for free) from
acclaimed artists such as; NFT-OG” Antoni Tudisco, Charlotte Taylor, Anthony
Authié, and prodigy of NFT photography 18-year-old Bruno Urli.

## Knowledge is power

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/YT_THUMBNAILS_09-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/even-more-security)

**Linda Orenes-Lerma**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Content creator and copywriter. Mum to a toddler who is already creating and
collecting NFTs and then storing them on her own Ledger Nano! Ex-teacher still
putting education first and writing about all things crypto because education
is key to making the space safe!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-meet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20on%20Security%20Where%20Web2%20and%20Web3%20Hardware%20Meet%C2%A0&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-meet
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-and-samsung-on-security-
where-web2-and-web3-hardware-meet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-
meet&title=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20on%20Security%20Where%20Web2%20and%20Web3%20Hardware%20Meet%C2%A0
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Staking: Your Different Options, and What They Mean
](https://www.ledger.com/?post_type=academy&p=255427 "Staking: Your Different
Options, and What They Mean")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work)

[How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-
crypto-wallet-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-embedded-
software)

[What is Ledger Embedded
Software?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-
embedded-software)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-the-entropy)

[What Is The Entropy in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-the-entropy)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/is-ledger-open-
source)

[Is Ledger Open
Source?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/is-ledger-open-
source)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-
wallet-for-you)

[How To Choose a Crypto
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-
wallet-for-you)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet)

[What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-
wallet)

__Read

6 min Medium

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=319c7a6b-4a80-48a9-b5de-2cad8e5c8cd9&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7991e6d4-8f1e-4684-b50f-61a57164fde0&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-
meet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=319c7a6b-4a80-48a9-b5de-2cad8e5c8cd9&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=7991e6d4-8f1e-4684-b50f-61a57164fde0&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-
meet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=038d3548-9e93-4384-ada0-6ac6af6974ee&sid=4b9a80d01cfe11ef91c2d180d4a0dece&vid=4b9a80d01cfe11ef914289e4fc7605d6&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20on%20Security%20Where%20Web2%20and%20Web3%20Hardware%20Meet%C2%A0&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-
meet&r=&lt=1751&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=12930)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A26%3A39%20GMT&n=0&b=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20on%20Security%20Where%20Web2%20and%20Web3%20Hardware%20Meet%C2%A0&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-on-security-where-web2-and-web3-hardware-
meet&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

