Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 10

# Injecting some realism into the Token Economy discussion

  *  __ April 23, 2021
  *  __33 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Finjecting-some-realism-into-the-token-economy-discussion-w-katharina-gehra%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Finjecting-some-realism-into-the-token-economy-discussion-w-katharina-gehra%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Welcome to  **[METACO TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/metaco-talks/)**  – Live
conversations with the people operating at the frontier of crypto innovation:
entrepreneurs, bankers, investors, fund administrators, traders, analysts and
other crypto and digital asset market participants. Our objective is to help
the broader ecosystem navigate this complex environment and unlock the market
opportunity.

This podcast is hosted by **[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/)**  – the leading
provider of security-critical infrastructure enabling financial institutions
to enter the digital asset ecosystem.

Our guest is Katharina Gehra, CEO & Co-Founder of Immutable Insight. Katharina
is one of the leading personalities on the German and European blockchain
scene. Previously, she has been CEO at Interritus Limited, a project leader at
the Boston Consulting Group and worked at Commerzbank. She’s been named as Top
40 under 40 for three times in a row. Her podcast Block52 is one of the most
prestigious blockchain podcasts and has more than 85,000 listeners.

Among other topics, we discussed: What is the token economy?; What are the
hurdles to making it a reality? (legal, regulatory, skills); Where is Europe
vs the Rest of the World?; Where are we on the technology cycle vs the hype
cycle?

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/mt-speaker_ep-10_dark-
blue_640x371px-e1675442995581.png?x88149)

Disclaimer: This is not investment advice.

### Full transcript

**Seamus:  **[00:00:00] Welcome to METACO Talks. I’m Seamus Donoghue, the VP
of Strategic Alliances at METACO. METACO Talks was a bi-weekly event, and now
given the lineup of speakers and with what’s happening in the market, we’ve
decided to shift this to a weekly event. It’s a discussion of topical issues
and thought leadership related to cryptocurrency and digital assets. It’s a
live stream conversation. It’s meant to be interactive, so please comment and
ask questions on the chat.

The recording after this call can be found on our website. It will able be
available on YouTube, Apple Podcasts, and Spotify. Please subscribe and leave
a review; that would be great.

Today’s topic is “Without the rose-tinted glasses, injecting some realism into
the token economy discussion”. To discuss this, I’m very happy to have our
guest today, Katharina Gehra, the CEO and co-founder of Immutable Insight.
Welcome.



**Katharina:  **[00:00:59] Thank you very much for having on the show. I’m
looking forward to the discussion.



**Seamus:  **[00:01:03] Great to have you. So why don’t we kick off? I looked
at your career path and how you’re in this crypto space, I think to a degree
what you’ve done is really a validation of institutionalization of this space.
I’d love to just hear a bit about your background and what Immutable Insight
is all about.



**Katharina:  **[00:01:19] Sure. I think the first part of my career can be
described as a very classical, probably from a crypto space, old school career
path. A prestigious university, top tier consultancy, big bank, private equity
– the steps that you take. But eventually, I looked at the blockchain
potential and I’ve decided that for the later and second part of my career,
that’d be the better place to be. Three years ago, I decided to leave the big
institutions and embark on the journey to the future.



**Seamus:  **[00:01:54] That journey of the future is Immutable Insight now,
right? What does that do?



**Katharina:  **[00:01:59] The whole idea of Immutable Insight three years ago
started on the idea that I had a physicist, who’s now my co-founder and a very
dear friend, pitch me three algorithms that allow us to evaluate blockchain
data in real time and extract just more information and more value out of this
information. Back then, I thought if only half of what he’s trying to tell me
here is true, then this really is one of the greatest tools for the new
technology to build a business upon.

We’ve decided to start a company, and we started first in the whole forensic
and anti-money laundering and compliance space; and then gradually made our
way to trading, sold our signals at first then decided they were too good to
be sold; and eventually also started industrial analytics as a third segment
of our business. Industrial analytics in short is blockchain potential without
crypto. Actual, real life business applications that have nothing to do with
either Bitcoin or Ethereum as, but with a distributed ledger technology.



#### What is the token economy?

**Seamus:  **[00:03:04] Interesting. One of my next questions was to ask you,
there’s a quote on your website where you talk investment in blockchain
application insights on the blockchain based on complex physics, innovative
scientific methods. I think that early partnership answers some of that. What
insights would you normally derive, that eventually led to you to start
consuming your own signals and want to fund?



**Katharina:  **[00:03:25] I think one of our signature analyses is to derive
to an actual growth indicator and the dynamic of that growth from the
different tokens, but also the blockchains as such. I think in a space where
price really is something that is very prone to hypes, and very prone to also
pump and dumps, and very prone to an Elon Musk tweet, I think there’s one
truth and one truth only, and that’s the chain. To us what matters is how and
how often people (or wallets, to be more precise) use it.

There’s an actual value hypothesis behind everything that we do also in the
asset management spaces. We believe in the token economy eventually, but it
will only be there and get there if we start using it and using it as an
infrastructure in pretty much every part of our life. This is where our focus
is. Most of the hypes and the spikes are something that we watch with a big
smile on our face. We somewhat acknowledge that it also helps us in our
fundraise and our public awareness, but in the end we believe that the hypes
will go away, but the blockchain and the rollout and the adoption are the
important underlying factors for the future growth.



**Seamus:  **[00:04:55] Part of the adoption, is it a network theory
evaluation, or is it just a combination of that with usage?



**Katharina:  **[00:05:02] When you translate our results of the analysis into
a price model, then that’s exactly what we do. But I think good the question
is – and that’s the innovative part of it – is: what is growth and what drives
growth and how can you predict growth better? It’s everything about that
pattern. It’s all about the question: when does it start to be better or same
growth path as the internet has at some point?

The whole glass bowl, when is retail adoption – all these questions is
something where we just take a fresh look and found a new way of approaching
it.



**Seamus:  **[00:05:44] If we look practically, Bitcoin and Ethereum, where
would you put those in terms of the cycle of adoption you’re describing?



**Katharina:  **[00:05:52] Most of our analyses find that Ethereum from a path
as the trajectory in terms of growth and usability is the leading blockchain
right now. But there are other blockchains that obviously have fundamental
growth parameters, that given they start on a lower base, are in its relative
dynamic also interesting. But just the absolute number of users and
transactions is already something right now where Ethereum is probably ahead
of the curve.

I’m not saying that I think or that we see Ethereum as being the one. It’s
certainly in a very good competitive position, but it’s an extremely dynamic
industry. I think we all know that as soon as you think you’re certain of
something, you’re proven to be wrong. For us, the whole real time approach
also means we’re extremely adaptive and just try to focus strictly on the
numbers and what we see.



**Seamus:  **[00:06:48] Do you parametrize these in a way of the use case? For
example, what’s being built on Ethereum is quite a bit different than what
people would describe as the store value for Bitcoin. Pristine collateral, as
someone like Raul Paul calls it.



**Katharina:**[00:07:03] To us, the whole idea of the ultimate value isn’t a
narrative, it’s a question of actual measurable transactions. It’s a little
bit like a faith thing, where you can believe in whatever you want. I’m a
truly liberal person. I just really like to stick with science, and I just
really like to stick with what we can measure and therefore then build a
rigorous and reliable model around.



**Seamus:  **[00:07:37] Sounds like a consistent approach. We spoke earlier,
you mentioned that you have one fund, you recently launched a second fund.
What is the investment thesis of this? Is this what you’ve described, you
apply this to the universe of cryptos, or is it a token, or is there a
narrower remit?



**Katharina:**[00:07:56] No. There’s a quite broad angle. That’s also one of
our unique selling propositions. We called the fund ‘ _blockchain fund_ ’ for
a reason. We didn’t call it a ‘bit’ or ‘coin’ or ‘eth’ or ‘DLT’. I think the
whole idea is also because it’s a fund that has a tenure of 10 years, that we
believe that the token economy will be the underlying fundamental value
driver. Roughly half of our portfolio we do token applications, and the other
half then are a bit more of the bigger native coins that you would be seeing.

But this shifting the portfolio in itself of course has also risk parameters
and liquidity parameters that go into consideration. But the key point is:
where’s the growth? It’s a little bit like investing in the NASDAQ in the
later part of the ‘90s, you get an exposure to token economy. We’re a real-
time value investor, we aren’t a quandary strategy as people most often think,
and we also don’t do AI with a deterministic model. We don’t look for
patterns, we don’t look for arbitrage, we don’t look for trends, we don’t look
for momentum.

For us, as I said before, it’s a scientific exercise that then is applied with
professional risk management in order to execute a trade.  But in the end, the
whole token economy and blockchain adoption as the underlying big theme.



**Seamus:  **[00:09:24] This is not common that you have a value approach in
what’s effectively an exponential growth sector. You’ve mentioned a couple of
times a reference to eventually, when the token economy becomes what it is
promised to be. How would you describe what the token economy is now versus
where you think it’s going? You’ve had an analogy there that it’s comparable
to invest in NASDAQ in 1990s; is that a similar framework that you would apply
to crypto?



**Katharina:**[00:09:56] It’s seminar, but I think it’s a little bit nuanced.
First of all, I think that tokens are like emails. In the beginning they’re a
bit awkward, and it took my mom a while to know what the strange app was for,
but eventually she figured it out and she uses it on a daily basis as so many
others, including myself.

I think tokens is a little bit like we now have a framework. It’s similar,
like, there’s something like a webpage, there’s an HTML thing and you can do
something with it. It’s almost like a blank canvas. What can you do with it?
What does the global competitive scene come up with great ideas and what will
users think? Will they like it? Will they not like it? What’s going to be on
the forefront?

I think that’s where we are. We have a conceptually new framework, and now the
big question is what people come up with as an idea to monetize that, to drive
that, to create engagement. I think that’s really where we are. That’s what’s
so intriguing, because I’m inherently curious and I love to adopt and try new
things. I’m passionate about just the endless opportunities that can be
created. But we’re not there yet. We’re not even at a stage where people have
understood how big that potential is.

That’s exactly most of the times the missing part. Token economy is not just
going to be a thing. It’s an evolving thing, and we see rapid speed at some
and still big skepticism in others. That’s the area of the corridor that we
need to navigate at this point. We also need to make sure that maybe we learn
from what we’ve seen on the internet in the mobile adoption, to ask some
fundamental questions first this time, and maybe have a window of opportunity
now to set an agenda and create governance structures and others like that to
implement the value.

It’s a tricky part of that trajectory where we are. We’re just very outspoken,
heavy advocates of ‘Let’s try to think first this time until it’s there, and
then we’ll have big tech and try to work with them after the fact’.



#### What are the hurdles to making it a reality? (legal, regulatory, skills)

**Seamus:  **[00:12:16] The comment of when it’s there, it strikes me as
interesting situation the blank canvas analogy and how that meets regulatory
initiatives or regulatory response. How do you view the whole regulatory
landscape is going to evolve, facing this still early blank canvas?



**Katharina:  **[00:12:42] Wow, you really put me on the spot here! That is
probably the trickiest question to answer at this point in time.  We’ll take
this around and I’ll just pretend to be the leader of the world for whatever
country, state, or global, and let’s just be idealistic and naive for once,
okay? Can you bear with me for that?

To me, the big question is: how do we combine the way of life and our values
with a technology that once it sets a standard, it’s probably the most
effective also in terms of policymaking and policy creation? Because if the
user growth is what we think it will be, and if it adopts, we’ll be able to
make changes that in the current institutions we’d never dream of doing.

I’m often quoted for saying it’s a little bit like somebody has translated the
Bible and all of the sudden people are understanding what they’re actually
being taught and told to do. If you look at the Declaration of Independence
and you think of people that went through enlightenment and tried to shut off
that narrative of the Catholic Church, and now they’re there, and they’re
like, “Wow, what are we doing now that we’ve enabled them in this way?”

I wouldn’t shy away from claiming that we’re at a point in time that if we had
a new enlightenment phase, we probably would reconsider lots of the
institutions that we’ve done and maybe be able to also upgrade them to a level
of efficiency and effectiveness that would both save us costs and resources
and maybe one or two political games. But of course, we’re not there. We’re
still in the real world. That I think is a better left to a different place to
discuss.



#### Where is Europe vs the Rest of the World?

**Seamus:  **[00:14:37] Fair enough. Why don’t we take this back from the
philosophical to more, let’s say, the practical? You’ve also been involved in
from inside the regulated space – a supervisory board for a bank. How do you
see that they are looking at this space now? If they’re looking at it, how do
they come to that point? How is the regulatory space, in your experience,
speaking to Germany and Austria, where’s that going from? From the
participant’s perspective, not from the regulator’s.



**Katharina:  **[00:15:13] Now you’ve taken me from the future back to the
reality. The bank, I’m advising there, it’s the oldest Bavarian bank. It’s got
a 250 years traditional, privately owned still. Very independent in its
stance, which I appreciate because we do try to step aside and think about the
whole landscape also from a little bit more of a bird’s eye view.

What we see here is that the regulatory landscape, particularly in German
banking (I don’t know if that really applies across Europe, but particularly
in Germany) it’s been one of: let me think what the regulator say and then I
do what I think matches whatever the framework is. It needs to be a bit more
balanced again. Where do you see the market and where do you see the client
need? Where’s your ambition? Where do you see opportunities for your business?
Let’s try to get that and then align with the regulator in how we do that in a
way that works for both.

That’s what we’re trying to push for at the bank. We’ve just hired a
completely new executive team. We’ve turned the strategy one 180. We’ve
completely tried to also incorporate the whole idea of how clients will be
served in the future, but how technology can play a part in that. Not in the
FinTech space, I think that narrative has been overstretched for too long now.
We’re at a point where we can give more smart answers than what we may have
seen over the last three, four, five years. I think that’s the way with that.

But I also learn, of course, I consider myself more of a bridge builder. I’m
trying to come from the most traditional Bavarian bank there is, to cutting
edge and driving the space and trying to set an agenda in a whole new dynamic
industry. But we need both. We need to have a dialogue and we need people that
fully understand and appreciate how regulatory works and what you need to do
and what the rules of the games. But then you need to be able to push, to
adapt, and to find new answers, because you can’t expect the regulator to find
an answer for your business. That’s on us; we’re the ones to drive it. We
can’t ignore it, and we can’t be ignorant to the fact that we do live in an
institutionalized regulated industry most of the times when we do asset
management. It’s on us to come up with new ideas and find solutions that work.



**Seamus:  **[00:17:50] Absolutely. I think the banking sector is waiting for
the regulators to tell them what to do. Hopefully, that’s not the case,
because I look at basically what’s happening. With Coinbase in the US, it has
had a very regulated approach to the digital asset space or token space. Their
listing at plus or minus 70 billion in a $2 trillion industry, I think is a
wake-up call to the space. Although other firms that have been skeptical, and
the European banking sector has really struggled since the global credit
crisis in 2008, the European economy is typically the bank’s role here is
balance sheet lending and that’s really been pretty anemic. US is much more
about the capital markets side of the business.

I’ve seen two approaches in European banks around DLT creating efficiencies.
But if your underlying business is missing this whole token economy, is
efficiency what you’re after or do they need to embrace eventually being a
bridge into the DeFi space? That’s decentralized finance. How do you think
their firms are thinking about this?



**Katharina:**[00:18:58] Back in 2008 and 2009 when the crisis hit, I was at
the heart of the storm. I was at Commerce Bank; the bank that needed the most
capitalization, who got 20% equity stake from the German government. To me,
crisis is a very real thing. It socialized me very early in my career.

I think in the two years that I stayed after that, I came to the conclusion
that I don’t think that universal banks in Europe will be a profitable
business for a long time; and they haven’t been, and they won’t be. If you
look at the current profitability levels, you have return on equity ratios
that are barely above 2. With a handful of exceptions, and there it’s not
really driven by the banking business as such, more smart investments on
venture sides as well. You do have a certain structural profitability level.
The IT costs, every euro you’re making, roughly 60 to 70% of that are IT
costs. Most of that is to run the bank, not change the bank. Structurally
they’re illiquid. They’re not insolvent, but they’re illiquid. There is no
free cash flow to invest, and you have structural burdens and legacy IT
systems that effectively almost no bank has managed to upgrade and bring to a
level of efficiency that would even allow you to act from a position of
strength or make also commercial decisions to grow. We have a lot of walking
dead banks in Europe, and that is a big problem.

Two years ago, at the biggest German finance conference, I was on a panel and
I was quoted that the blockchain technology could either be the last savior or
the end of the journey for a lot of European banks, and I got smashed. There
was an outrage. Everybody thought that that was inacceptable and a horrific
thing to say.

Now for 10 years, you’ve had management who was thinking cost management
restructuring, cost management restructuring, cost management restructuring.
The whole idea of a growth narrative, of a changing narrative, of a
commercially strong narrative – that’s a management group that hasn’t learned
that skill. They’ve learned to restructure and manage regulatory requirements
and implementing those, and managing a tight budget. There’s also really a
lack of creativity and spark and edge and commercial drive. That’s something
that I think is underlying the whole idea that I don’t really have a lot of
hope for European banks.

There’s maybe BNP, maybe ING, maybe a Santander, maybe on the wild side a UBS,
not sure, but I really do think that we also see talent drain. We see that not
just in terms of grown scale, but also when you look at the overall employer
branding scores and everything, banks are just not really a career option
anymore.



#### Where are we on the technology cycle vs the hype cycle?

**Seamus:  **[00:22:24] It’s very insightful. We had a similar set of
experiences when I was at Barkley to same period. I remember during the credit
crisis, trying to calculate our exposure to Lehman on a Sunday, basically
before the whole thing came tumbling down and we went through a similar
experience. I think that view is something that very much aligned with.

How do you see that versus other regions? Let’s say North America versus Asia?
Is that a gap though? What’s your view on this?



**Katharina:  **[00:22:53] It’s not a gap. If you look at the overall
structural profitability levels, you have an Asian banking scene obviously
driven by the growth as well and driven by consumer spending. But do you have
well above 10, 12% in terms of profitability. If you look at the Middle East,
and obviously that’s always a bit skewed because the treasury can be quite
skewed in those countries, but you do also see anywhere between 10, 12, maybe
sometimes even a 50% range of profitability levels.

The US, they’ve gone through the cycle. They did what they needed to do. As
you said, they’ve put a different commercial focus back to capital markets. JP
Morgan, as the stellar example, has risen from the ashes and turned itself
into not only a profitable leader, but also somebody who’s accepting and
willing to invest into the change. Of course, we’ll always have elite banks
like Goldman. They’ll create their own market. There will always be a market
for quality. Not forever, but they’ll have a different niche for some time.

If you look at the international league tables; if you look at a DSP in
Singapore, if you look at the top five commercial banks in China, it’s an
abyss. They’re aiming to be a global power and they’re getting close to their
aim. I think now when you look at the digital Yuan, the cost efficiencies that
the blockchain service network will give Chinese banks to expand on a global
level, they’re full-on attack on Swift.

If you just think of the big eight banks that do most of the international
correspondence banking now, take half of their transaction banking fees away.
Look at their balance sheet and see what that’ll do to their profitability
levels, to the leverage ratios. You’ll find that the Chinese attack, so to
speak well, will just move the forces towards it. If you look at the profit
pools of HSBC, 80% of the profit is done in Asia with a third of the turnover.



**Seamus:  **[00:25:17] We often cite similar stats around banks globally. The
same numbers in Europe, 40% of earnings come from payments, that transaction
side of the business – which is under significant attack from fintechs, from
payment companies. PayPal is getting to the space, with stable coins. You
mentioned the DSF with the Chinese project, I think it was over the last
point. Is the model or the response to that a Western version, or is it a more
of a public-private partnership like you are seeing stable coins? Tokenized
dollar, tokenized Euro?



**Katharina:  **[00:25:51] On the stable coin issue in particular, I think
that European regulators were really driven too much by fear and not too much
by the position of strength. Trying to take ‘we forbid stable coins’ approach
with the ‘me car’ regulation is most of the times the weakest, and eventually
the most suicidal approach to take. You cannot forbid the internet. You cannot
forbid blockchain technology. You won’t stop adoption. In the end, on a global
perspective, we’re 350-400 million out of a roughly 8 billion people group.
We’re not in a position to make the calls. We’re in a position to hope that we
can get a piece of the future pie.

I do think there were not well advised to take the ‘me car’ approach. I think
stable coins will find their way. The use case is too compelling. Adoption is
already way too strong, and you can’t turn back time and they won’t be.



**Seamus:  **[00:27:03] Great insights. Reminds me of when Facebook or DM came
out; exactly as you described, the fear was the big driver, and we can see
where we are. I’ve got one last question here, which from the first question
from the audience: when do you expect to see a first cross border Yuan
transaction?



**Katharina:**[00:27:22] Let me just maybe read it up again to make sure I’ve
understood it.

Now we need to define between a non-Chinese person, because there have been
cross border transactions already. So, it’s the question: when will non-
Chinese accept it as a more convenient way to pay?

When looking around, even pre-COVID, when I was walking around downtown, high
street Munich, Maximilian, TASA, you could pay with WeChat in every store.
What we checked, the business case is simple. Digital Yuan will not charge you
cross border transaction fees, and Swift does. It’s a mobile application and
the client won’t notice. For the client it doesn’t make a difference, but for
the business running it it’s paying transaction costs or not paying
transaction costs.



**Seamus:  **[00:28:21] Pretty simple decision. Katharina, I think we’re out
of time, unfortunately. I think we could talk for quite a while; it’s been an
interesting conversation. I appreciate you coming on today.  Thanks for
joining us.



**Katharina:  **[00:28:31] Thank you and thank you for such a broad coverage
of almost the whole space in such a short time. It was intriguing. Thank you
for having me.



**Seamus:  **[00:28:40] Sorry to put you on the spot with the big
philosophical question at one point there.



**Katharina:  **[00:28:43] I loved the challenge. I loved the challenge,
straight on.



**Seamus:  **[00:28:48] Great. Well, thanks for joining.

I said we’re moving now to a weekly schedule. Next week we have Benjamin Duve,
who’s the head of custodian digital assets at Commerce Bank. Look forward to
seeing you then. Thanks for joining us. Goodbye.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

