Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)

Page last updated: August 15, 2023

On this page

  * Cookie Policy

# Cookie Policy

Our Websites may use cookies to distinguish you from other users of our
Websites. This may help us to provide you with a good experience when you
browse our Websites and may also allow us to improve our Websites. By
continuing to browse the Websites, you are agreeing to our use of cookies as
well as the terms of this policy (the “Cookie Policy”). A cookie is a small
file of letters and numbers that we may store on your browser or the hard
drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is
transferred to your computer's hard drive. We may use the following cookies:

  * **Strictly necessary cookies.** These are cookies that are required for the operation of our websites. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our websites, use a shopping cart or make use of e-commerce payment processing services.
  * **Analytical/performance cookies.** They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our websites when they are using it. This may help us to improve the way our websites work, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
  * **Functionality cookies.** These cookies are used to recognise you when you return to our websites. They may enable us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name, or remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).
  * **Targeting cookies.** These cookies record your visit to our websites, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed.

You can opt out of being tracked by Matomo Analytics and prevent the website
from analysing the actions you take using the website. This will prevent us
from learning from your actions and creating a better website experience for
you and other users.

You are not opted out. Uncheck this box to opt-out.

You can find more information about the individual cookies we may use and the
purposes for which we may use them in the table below:

Cookie| Name| Purpose  
---|---|---  
Matomo| _pk_id| Used to distinguish users. Enables us to identify which pages
are popular, estimate our audience size and usage pattern, and better
understand how the website is used.  
Matomo| _pk_ses| Used to store temporary session data. This a short-lived
cookie, only lasting for a few minutes.  
  
You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows
you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your
browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies), you may
not be able to access all or parts of our sites.

Except for essential cookies, all cookies will expire after two years.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * On this page

    * Cookie Policy

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

