Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# NFTs: the future of ownership, or a passing fad?

  * __ April 9, 2021
  *  __10 min
  *  __Adrien Treccani (Founder and CEO at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnfts-the-future-of-ownership-or-a-passing-fad%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fnfts-the-future-of-ownership-or-a-passing-fad%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

While NFTs — non-fungible tokens — have  [been around in some shape or
form](https://www.metaco.com/non-fungible-token-nft/) since 2012, they’ve
exploded over the past year. In 2020, the market grew by
[229%](https://news.bitcoin.com/blockchain-backed-nft-market-value-
grew-299-in-2020/), reaching $250 million in value. And, in February 2021,
[more NFTs were traded in 24 hours](https://cointelegraph.com/news/new-report-
predicts-nfts-will-explode-in-popularity-during-2021) than in the entirety of
2020.

In the crypto space, hype is par for the course.

But this feels different.

The mainstream hasn’t just taken notice. They have skin in the game. The media
have been abuzz with news of high-profile NFT adopters — from
[Nike](https://cointelegraph.com/news/nike-patents-a-system-for-tokenizing-
shoes-on-ethereums-blockchain) and the
[NBA](https://www.cnbc.com/2021/02/28/230-million-dollars-spent-on-nba-top-
shot.html), to [Kings of
Leon](https://cointelegraph.com/magazine/2021/03/13/beeple-millions-banksy-
profits-kingsofleon-problems-030713),
[Grimes](https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/1/22308075/grimes-nft-6-million-
sales-nifty-gateway-warnymph), and [Linkin Park singer / guitarist /
keyboardist Mike Shinoda](https://news.bitcoin.com/linkin-parks-mike-shinoda-
auctions-his-first-non-fungible-token/).

So could this be a glimpse of what the future will look like? Or are we
witnessing the making of one of the biggest bubbles of all time?

### What are NFTs?

Like other types of cryptographic tokens, NFTs are digital representations of
value that live on the blockchain. They have three distinguishing
characteristics:

  * They’re unique. Every single NFT represents a specific asset and is tracked on the blockchain separately, even if the asset is one of a series
  * They’re hard to copy, but easy to verify. To get recorded on the blockchain, an NFT has to be validated using mathematical proof.  At the same time, their full history is publicly available. Anyone can see it and confirm an NFT’s authenticity
  * They’re tradeable, but not interchangeable. Because every NFT is unique, you can’t exchange one for another, as you would Bitcoin or Ether. That said, you can buy, sell, and resell them

It’s helpful to think of NFTs as special, one-of-a-kind items. A rare stamp,
for example. Or a piece of digital art. The difference is that literally
anything can be converted into an NFT — [even a screenshot of a
tweet](https://www.theverge.com/2021/3/22/22344937/jack-dorsey-nft-sold-first-
tweet-ethereum-cryptocurrency-twitter).

Once the asset is tokenized, it’s assigned a unique ID and metadata, so the
blockchain can identify it. This allows those who are interested in acquiring
it to track it, bid for it, and own it.

###

### The evolution of NFTs

NFTs as we know them today became technically possible in 2018, when William
Entriken, Dieter Shirley, Jacob Evans, and Nastassia Sachs created the
[ERC-721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721) protocol for the Ethereum
blockchain. But the concept dates back to 2012, when
[eToro](https://www.etoro.com/) CEO Yoni Assia [proposed ‘colored
Bitcoin’](https://yoniassia.com/coloredbitcoin/) —
[Bitcoin](https://www.metaco.com/bitcoin/) embedded with code that linked them
to real world assets.

In many ways, colored Bitcoin are the precursors of NFTs. They proved it was
possible to tokenize real world assets. And they even inspired us. When we
originally conceived the idea for METACO in 2014, we wanted to provide
infrastructure that would facilitate tokenization, which led us to become [one
of the first businesses](https://github.com/MetacoSA/NBitcoin) to promote
colored Bitcoin.

Unfortunately, because Bitcoin was only ever intended to be used as an
alternative currency, colored Bitcoin had many limitations. Case in point,
valid tokens could be invalidated at a later stage, for example in the event
of a [fork](https://www.metaco.com/fork/).

By contrast, because [Ethereum](https://www.metaco.com/ethereum/) is a
multipurpose platform, ERC-721’s creators were able to resolve many of the
issues inherent in colored Bitcoin.

In particular, the protocol enables the blockchain to identify individual
NFTs, track their movements, and keep tabs on ownership. NFTs can also be tied
to smart contracts, so ownership can pass automatically when an obligation is
fulfilled.

###

### Untapped potential

To date, much of the mainstream coverage of NFTs has focused on the silly
crazes that have come out of them, because that’s what attracts clicks. But
beyond [memes](https://techcrunch.com/2017/12/03/people-have-spent-
over-1m-buying-virtual-cats-on-the-ethereum-blockchain/), selfies, or [live
videos of art being burned](https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-56335948),
NFTs have practical use cases with far-reaching implications.

This is most evident when it comes to intellectual property rights.

Where the likes of Britney Spears or Taylor Swift have emerged from the
digital revolution — and the new business models it has created — relatively
unscathed, for instance, ‘middle class’ artists have been [short-
changed](https://prospect.org/power/islands-in-the-stream-spotify-youtube-
music-monopoly/).

The characteristics of NFTs enable these artists to recreate scarcity, control
who can use their work and how, and even generate revenue without involving
middlemen. For example, an artist could tie their work to smart contracts that
trigger royalty payments every time ownership transfers.

Linkin Park’s Mike Shinoda has [explained it this
way](https://loudwire.com/mike-shinoda-crypto-nft-
art/?utm_source=tsmclip&utm_medium=referral):

> “[Creators have been] commodified by platforms forever. Here, the value of
> your work/art/idea is defined by the market. This NFT started at $0.
> Apparently, people think this creation is worth a lot more…”

But the possibilities extend much further. Consider real estate.

At its core, buying and selling a house is a transaction between two parties.
Yet, it involves a web of middlemen — banks, estate agents, solicitors — that
makes things more complex and inflates the cost.

NFTs could greatly simplify the process, replacing middlemen with a smart
contract that allows the holder to open the front door once a number of pre-
agreed conditions are met.

Similarly, by converting into NFTs items that are illiquid or unbankable —
items, such as stamp or coin collections, which traditional banks wouldn’t
consider to be suitable collateral — individuals can raise financing and
realise value more quickly and easily. Again without resorting to middlemen.

###

### A looming threat

Of course, this begs an important question.

In the traditional financial system, banks are the suppliers and the
producers. They create products like loans and mortgages, sell them to
customers, and assess and manage risk.

But if individuals can go directly to the market to raise financing, complete
a commercial transaction, or realise value, doesn’t this mean it’s no longer
necessary for banks to fulfill these roles?

This has been the reality in other industries for decades. Globalisation and
digitalization have meant that, nine times out of ten, specialization is [more
efficient and cost-effective than vertical
integration](https://aperture.co/strategy-in-the-post-fixed-costs-economy/).

To date, the banking system has been the notable exception. But decentralised
finance promises to change this.

So what does this mean for banks’ future?

### From vendors to facilitators

Clearly, it’s time for banks to rethink their role.

The biggest benefit of NFTs — and, indeed, of the blockchain — is that you
don’t have to go through a bank if you don’t want to.

The flipside is that being able to directly access a service also comes with
responsibilities. You need to have the proper knowledge, understand the risks,
and have access to the right infrastructure.

And this is where the opportunity for banks lies.

As much as NFTs and blockchain technology have the potential to democratize
finance, the average customer will still need help navigating the technical
complexities, whether it’s tokenizing assets, accessing marketplaces, or
something as simple as secure storage.

Banks can create a new place for themselves in the value chain by bridging
this gap. Acting as expert advisors and facilitators, they can help customers
to reap the benefits of these new technologies without having to understand
what’s going on under the hood.

###

### Beyond the bubble: the future of NFTs

Back to runaway NFT trading, it’s clear that it’s early days.

So far, trade in NFTs has been largely speculative. And this means that there
still are many unknowns. Let’s say you want to resell your NFT of a meme. Will
you find a buyer who will pay enough for you to at least make your money back?

With this in mind, it would not be surprising if the market crashed. Indeed,
this seems likely to happen at some point.

But while it might well be that we’re witnessing a bubble, it doesn’t follow
that NFTs are a fad.

Bubbles are a normal, [even essential part of technological
development](https://www.cambridge.org/core/books/doing-capitalism-in-the-
innovation-economy/9A35DBEDAD92C3C3AE67DFAC77BAEE78). But the market
eventually corrects. And the money generated by the bubble provides essential
funding for the crucial phase in which the technology is improved, refined,
and matures.

What’s more important is that there’s much more to NFTs than meets the eye.

It’s estimated that there are currently around [$78 trillion worth of
unbankable assets](https://capitalmarketsblog.accenture.com/a-78-trillion-
growth-opportunity-for-wealth-managers) globally. NFTs are a fantastic
revolution that could replace many laws and practices with a simpler, more
transparent way of unlocking and interacting with these assets.

So the real question isn’t whether NFTs are here to stay.

It’s this. Will banks take steps to adapt, or will they continue believing
that the world can’t move on without them?

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

