[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL3BsYXlpbmctYnktdGhlLXJ1bGVzLXRoZS1jcnlwdG8tY29tcGxpYW5jZS1sYW5kc2NhcGUtdG9kYXktMjkxMTYwNjE5NjYxNDE3ODI5MD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL3BsYXlpbmctYnktdGhlLXJ1bGVzLXRoZS1jcnlwdG8tY29tcGxpYW5jZS1sYW5kc2NhcGUtdG9kYXktMjkxMTYwNjE5NjYxNDE3ODI5MD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Playing by the Rules: The Crypto Compliance Landscape Today

2023-06-19

[Playing by the Rules](/blog/tag/playing-by-the-rules-45)

## Main Takeaways

  * In recent years, the digital asset industry has made massive strides in the area of compliance. As an industry leader, Binance prioritizes maintaining a strong and comprehensive compliance program.

  * We are launching a new blog series, _Playing by the Rules_ , to raise awareness of the role of compliance in crypto and highlight the impressive work that our Compliance team does every day.

  * In the first article of the series, we look at the components of compliance, the differences between traditional and crypto financial organizations in terms of this function, and what today’s crypto compliance landscape looks like.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230619/e4f10b36-c364-4855-9579-7d35d05c1bdc)

Some people not yet familiar with the digital asset industry tend to think of
it as a place where rules and laws that govern other sectors of financial
activity don’t apply. Exposed to a mixture of anecdotes from the very early
days of cryptocurrency – back when many early adopters considered dealing in
digital tokens more akin to swapping baseball cards than trading financial
assets – and facts from a few high-profile cases of crypto-related fraud such
as FTX, these people can form an opinion that crypto firms are inherently
incapable of being regulated and compliant.

The reality of crypto compliance  is very different from this misinformed
picture. In just a few years that have passed since the emergence of the first
centralized crypto exchanges, the digital asset industry has improved its
compliance capabilities in leaps and bounds. Over the recent years, Binance
has invested tremendous resources in building out a state-of-the-art
compliance program whose complexity and technological robustness can match
those of the giants of traditional finance.

To shed light on the fascinating work that our compliance professionals do, we
launch _Playing by the Rules_ – a blog series exploring the state of
compliance in the crypto industry and zooming in on various domains that
Binance’s Compliance team is keeping tabs on. In this introductory piece, we
take a bird’s eye view of what we mean by compliance generally and how
compliance in crypto is different from traditional finance.

## Compliance in Financial Organizations

When people think of compliance in the context of finance, the terms KYC (Know
Your Customer) or AML (Anti-Money Laundering) are usually the first to come to
mind. Granted, these two are important components of any compliance program,
but areas of the compliance function’s impact in a mature financial services
company, traditional or crypto, are not limited to KYC and AML.

Simplifying for the sake of clarity, we could describe compliance as
comprising three main areas: AML, consumer protection, and regulatory
compliance (i.e., licensing). Under these overly broad, and oftentimes
complementary, categories fall a bevy of disciplines underlying financial
organizations’ compliance work that we will address in this blog series.

Take the AML category, which can be further divided into areas such as CIP
(customer identification programs), KYC, CDD (customer due diligence), EDD
(enhanced due diligence), customer screening (inclusive of being under
sanctions or being designated as politically exposed persons, or PEPs),
transaction monitoring, suspicious activity/transactions/matter reporting
(SAR/STR/SMR), risk assessments, audits, ABC (anti-bribery and corruption),
Travel Rule, and many more.

The consumer protection side of compliance, in addition to many of the aspects
mentioned above, incorporates data privacy measures, terms of use, customer
disclosures, segregation of assets, UDAAP (unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts
or practices – a US-specific term that has counterparts in most countries),
anti-scam and anti-fraud controls.

On the regulatory front, compliance officers work to ensure that their company
has implemented the necessary processes and controls to comply with the
regulations of the jurisdictions that they operate in. This also includes
licensing applications, maintaining relationships with regulatory bodies,
managing external auditors as required, managing regulatory examinations, and
fulfilling any remediation requirements subsequent to the exam or audit.

In many jurisdictions, it is the compliance officer who is primarily
responsible for a company’s operations being in line with the applicable
regulations, and who holds personal liability for any failures that occur
during their tenure. While other executives may share some level of liability,
it is expected that the compliance officer has the autonomy and authority to
act independently to ensure that the company meets its regulatory obligations.

A compliance program may manage these areas of responsibility directly, or it
may provide oversight, governance support, and quality assurance testing.

## Compliance in Crypto: Unique Challenges

Running a compliance program for a digital asset services company entails
covering all the same bases as in traditional finance – and also dealing with
a slew of novel challenges.

The biggest difference between TradFi and crypto has to do with the maturity
of the regulatory environment, the rules governing the industry, and the lack
of consistency across jurisdictions. For one, different countries have
materially different definitions of various crypto assets, which has enormous
implications for compliance work.

Another major difference is the very nature of digital assets. Most
cryptocurrencies were designed to run on decentralized, distributed,
permissionless networks that operate without any central governing body. It is
the embodiment of the “code is law” principle. In a permissionless network
such as Bitcoin, there is no central body that can prevent a transaction from
occurring. There are no “chargebacks.” No wire recalls. Transactions are
permanent with no recourse for the originator. This can create challenges for
centralized service providers like crypto exchanges that are fundamentally
different from the TradFi space.

Traditional finance is dominated by highly centralized payment networks where
transactions are slow (with typical processing times measured in days instead
of minutes or seconds), can be reversed, blocked by outside parties, or even
seized.  Consumer protection laws in many countries allow retail users to
dispute charges on their accounts, sometimes up to 6 months after the fact,
and the underlying service provider is obligated to make the user whole.

What this means is that many of the traditional controls that are in place in
TradFi won’t work well, if at all, in the crypto context. This warrants
thinking about consumer protection differently. For example, if a user shares
their password or private keys with someone and that third party liquidates a
wallet, there is no way to recuperate the assets that have been moved and no
centralized authority to “refund” the client's funds.  

For this reason, centralized exchanges often provide advanced account security
tools to their clients, perform more device fingerprinting and analysis,
provide notices for withdrawals that appear to be destined for risky wallet
addresses, and run client suitability tests to assess users’ level of
understanding of the risks associated with certain products or services.

## Transparency and Speed

In the world of distributed ledgers, transparency makes a key difference.
Today’s financial services industry is an opaque and secretive web of
different payment and settlement networks where only a select few may have
access to critical pieces of information.

Think about the SWIFT network. Only member banks and financial institutions
will have access to the SWIFT messaging system, and this access will be
limited to the transactions that the specific institution is processing. This
provides a level of financial privacy but also allows institutions to operate
surreptitiously.

Public blockchains, on the other hand, are highly transparent, sometimes
almost to a fault.  Every single transaction is published for the entire world
to see.  While the names of the individuals and companies that are the
originators and beneficiaries of these transactions are not readily available
to an outside observer, most blockchains are pseudonymous. This means that
there are key pieces of information that can be used by the public or
blockchain analytics providers to identify originators, beneficiaries,
transaction patterns, and wallet balances.  

Using social engineering techniques, often these wallet addresses can be
attributed to the real-world persons or companies who own or control the
wallets. Going back to the example of SWIFT above, this is as if every person
in the world had a front-row seat to every SWIFT transaction, and all of the
associated bank account details ever processed.

This level of transparency brings up numerous concerns around data privacy and
individual security that the crypto industry must address. On the other hand,
it also offers enormous opportunities for exchanges and other industry players
to build tools allowing for far greater insight into what is occurring within
blockchain networks globally, piercing the veil of transactions that could be
layered to avoid detection. This gives crime fighters all over the globe an
efficient way to investigate illicit activity while minimizing the need to
obtain court orders, subpoenas, or rely on mutual legal assistance treaties
(MLATs) to investigate the cross-border movement of funds.

Finally, a key value driver for the crypto industry is speed. Transactions in
the world of traditional finance typically take days to settle. One of the
promises of digital assets is the ability to settle in near real-time.
Applying the same regulatory expectations and similar compliance controls and
processes that TradFi platforms use to the crypto industry threatens to
destroy the value and efficiency achieved by crypto transactions.

## How Do Crypto Companies Approach Compliance?

Given the complexity of the task at hand, the level of compliance practices
and processes to which today’s digital asset industry has risen is impressive.
Furthermore, given the speed at which leading crypto companies continue
progressing in this domain, we can expect industry compliance standards to
become even stronger.

Anti-Money Laundering (AML) work has been the marquee headliner for crypto
over the last several years – and will continue to be going forward. Stringent
AML laws have been enacted in most developed countries over the past couple of
decades, and they are largely agnostic to technology. This means that the AML
rules for crypto companies (especially those that support fiat as well) are
well-established and understood by the industry.

Basic things such as obtaining identifying information on your customers (KYC)
or monitoring transactions for suspicious activity and complying with
international sanctions are nothing new for crypto firms as they represent the
staples of any compliance program.

The pace of adoption of a compliance ethos in the crypto industry has
accelerated in recent years with the emergence of more regulatory clarity and
a common acceptance that AML laws in most jurisdictions apply to the crypto
industry. Moreover, strategic partnerships with traditional banking and
payment networks have helped to accelerate the move to a more compliant
approach since having fiat rails is a clear differentiator in today’s digital
asset market. Traditional financial institutions require that the exchanges
that they support meet their standards for compliance, AML, sanctions, and
anti-fraud measures.

There is also a healthy amount of collaboration between compliance leaders
within the crypto industry. We accept the truth that having another major FTX-
style scandal can do the entire industry irreparable damage, and it is in
everyone’s best interest to be collaborative on emerging trends, risks, and
solutions to the problems and challenges that crypto compliance faces.

## Binance: At the Cutting Edge of Crypto Compliance

For Binance, compliance is the top strategic priority, and a compliance
mindset is baked into everything we do. We have gone a long way since our
early days in how we approach this key side of our operations and have come to
realize that advancing crypto adoption and the freedom of money is only
possible in close cooperation with regulators and strict adherence to all
applicable rules.

Binance has invested heavily in finding the best KYC vendors and data sources
in each of the jurisdictions that we support. This allows us to provide the
best user experience possible while remaining fully compliant with local and
international laws and regulations. The localization of our controls is also a
demonstration of our commitment to understanding our clients and tailoring our
solutions to their needs.

There remains a disparity in the industry when it comes to the level of
compliance that participants have. This is primarily due to the fact that
compliance is hard, expensive, and creates customer friction. The larger
crypto businesses, such as industry leader Binance, have more resources and
are therefore better equipped to implement the numerous vendor solutions and
build internal tools that a robust compliance program requires.

Over time, crypto compliance is becoming more structurally similar to how this
work is organized in a traditional financial services company. However, thanks
to dealing with numerous novel challenges every day, crypto firms will develop
– and in some cases already have – more sophisticated tools, better data, and
greater insight into how individual transactions fit into the big picture.

To take a deeper dive into various aspects of Binance’s compliance program,
stay tuned for the upcoming entries of our _Playing by the Rules_ series.

_Risk Warning: Digital assets are subject to high market risk and price
volatility. The value of your investment can go down or up, and you may not
get back the amount invested. You are solely responsible for your investment
decisions, and Binance is not liable for any losses you may incur. Past
performance is not a reliable predictor of future performance. You should only
invest in products you are familiar with and where you understand the risks.
You should carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation,
investment objectives, and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial
adviser prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed
as financial advice. For more information, see our_[ __Terms of
Use__](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[ __Risk
Warning__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,003,187 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Playing by the Rules: The Crypto Compliance Landscape Today

Main Takeaways

Compliance in Financial Organizations

Compliance in Crypto: Unique Challenges

Transparency and Speed

How Do Crypto Companies Approach Compliance?

Binance: At the Cutting Edge of Crypto Compliance

195,003,187 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

