We are now in Incentivized Beta! Join our
[discord](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN).

[![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flogo%2Fgrass-black-
logo.png&w=3840&q=75)](/)

[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)

[Download Grass](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)[Open
Dashboard](https://app.getgrass.io)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-
network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)

[](https://twitter.com/getgrass_io)[](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN)

# Earn a stake  
in the AI revolution.

Get paid for your unused internet

![Grass User 1](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fperson-1.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Grass User 2](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fperson-2.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Grass User 3](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fperson-3.png&w=3840&q=75)

2.0M+

Active users around the world

Get Access

[](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)

Available Now

Coming soon

![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fdashboard.png&w=3840&q=100)

Earn Constantly

Refer Friends  
& Grow Your  
Earnings

Keep Running in  
the Background  
to Earn

Keep Track  
of your Earnings

[](https://twitter.com/getgrass_io)[](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN)[](https://getgrass.medium.com/)

# Earn a Stake  
in the AI Revolution.

## Get Paid for your Unused Internet

[](https://twitter.com/getgrass_io)[](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN)[](https://getgrass.medium.com/)

Get Access

[](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)

Available Now

Coming soon

![Grass User 1](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fperson-1.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Grass User 2](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fperson-2.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Grass User 3](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fperson-3.png&w=3840&q=75)

2.0M+

Active users around the world

![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fdashboard.png&w=3840&q=75)

Earn Constantly

Refer Friends  
& Grow Your  
Earnings

Keep Running in  
the Background  
to Earn

Keep Track  
of your Earnings

### Learn About Grass

### What is Grass and How Does it Work?

Grass is the underlying infrastructure that powers AI models. By installing
the Grass web extension, the application will automatically sell your unused
internet to AI companies, who use it to scrape the internet and train their
models. The result? You share in the growth of AI, earning a stake in the
network for selling a resource you didn’t even know you had.

Ready to join the revolution?

[Get Started](https://app.getgrass.io)

![What Are Network Resources & How Are They
Used?](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fnetwork-sources.png&w=3840&q=75)

![Personal Data](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Fbackbone.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Backbone of the AI Revolution

By participating in Grass, you’re directly contributing to the  
growth of artificial intelligence. Networks like these are required to train
AI models,  
and AI labs are some of our biggest customers.

![Personal Data](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flock.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Protected Personal Data

Grass is a network for exchanging bandwidth and bandwidth only.  
There is no possible way for buyers to see your data or view your activity.  
Security and privacy are 100% guaranteed.

[Get Started](https://app.getgrass.io)

### Boost Your Rewards with Our Referral Program

Invite friends to join Grass & grow your Earnings.

![Boost Your Rewards with Our Referral Program](/images/referral-program.png)

### What our users say?

A very good project. Making a way to incentivize people with their unused
bandwith while maintaining data security at the same time. Hoping for more and
good updates to come.

Monmon Dante

I'm pleased with the effective utilization of unused bandwidth and my
willingness to contribute. The website and extension are functioning well and
are extremely user-friendly. All that remains is the release of the mobile
app, which I am eagerly awaiting. I appreciate the seamless experience
provided by all platforms and look forward to the upcoming mobile app

Read More

Dexter Basco

I've been using Grass since the beginning of the beta phase and have
consistently been impressed. The concept of monetizing unused bandwidth is
clever, and Grass stands out by rewarding users with its unique tokens,
ensuring payment and network ownership. I love tracking my earnings and
connecting with the vibrant Grass community on Discord. Jump in and touch
Grass, it's worth it!

Read More

Denmann

It’s reassuring to know that as companies profit from my data, I can capture
some of their profits through Grass via web scraping. Grass stands out,
offering higher payouts per GB than other proxy services, and additionally, I
get a stake in the network. It's a win-win.

Read More

Pingu Solidev

So far, my experiences with Grass have been great. The team on Discord is
polite and helpful and seem very interested in making the project successful.
The dashboard is clean and very professional-looking. Any issues that have
arisen have been taken care of in a timely manner. I look forward to the next
steps and expect them to be just as satisfying. I am an experienced user of
bandwidth-sharing apps, so I base my views on the comparison of those I've
been using to this project. I see a possibility of a very successful app here
for all involved.

Read More

Eric Andreasson

Grass is a revolutionary platform that empowers people to share their internet
resources and benefit from them. It's a win-win situation for everyone
involved. I highly recommend Grass to anyone who wants to make some extra
income, save money on their internet bills, or support a noble cause. Grass is
the future of internet access! Getting started with Grass.io is a breeze. The
process involves three simple steps: downloading the Grass web extension,
creating an account, and keeping the extension running in the background. Once
it's up and running, I can passively earn rewards without any hassle.

Read More

Jp De Vera

5 stars plus another 5 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ I've installed the app roughly one month ago
and I got to say I'm extremely impressed! The installation process is
intuitive, even for someone like me who isn't the most tech-savvy. The user
interface is clear and straightforward, ensuring a hassle-free setup and
operation. Being constantly on the hunt for passive income opportunities the
premise of monetizing idle network. resources had me intrigued from the
beginning, and GetGrass surely doesn't disappoint. It's like setting up once
and reaping the rewards without any additional effort. Earning passive income
has never been this effortless! Now, let's talk about their 'CRAZY' (in a good
way) commission structure : Invite Points: Every successful download through
my referral link boosts my Grass Points by 20% of my referred user's points-
forever! Secondary Points: It gets better! If someone I invite then shares an
invite, I get an additional 10% of the secondary referee's points—again,
perpetually. Tertiary Points: The icing on the cake. Every time a second-level
referral shares an invite, I get 5% of that 3rd degree invite's points. This
multi-tiered referral system amplifies the passive earning potential
significantly. Regarding security, after diving into the details and
understanding the workings of GetGrass, I found out that it doesn't compromise
my data or internet usage. While ISPs have been selling unused bandwidth all
along, GetGrass gives us a chance to reNaim if. It's like renting out parking
space without revealing anything inside your house. I'm pretty confident that
whatever is routed through my IP remains detached from my personal activities.
Plus, stringent measures are in place to ensure buyers cannot engage in
anything illegal, which adds another layer of trust. Most importantly, there's
no drop in my internet speed. GetGrass intelligently taps into my unused
resources without affecting my online experience. They've even capped proxy
activity at 0.3% of a user's bandwidth, ensuring no disruptions whatsoever. In
a nutshell, GetGrass empowers users to tap into the future of data
monetization, ensuring passive income without trading off privacy, safety, or
the quality of your connection. If you're looking for a safe, secure, and
efficient way to make the most out of your idle resources, look no further.
GetGrass is the answer！

Read More

Alessandro

Great app! What I love about this project for having such a big potential to
become successful. This project provides quality utility which gives the users
to a passive income by only just selling your unused internet bandwidth in
exchange of grass points and by registering your email, downloading the
extension, let it run then you are good to go! Their website is user-friendly
and they are transparent when it comes to your points.

Read More

Olivia Emma

The app works seamlessly and integrates with my internet connection easily. I
was able to start using Grass pretty quickly once I downloaded the chrome
extension and created a login. Pretty happy with this app and interested to
see more transparency in terms of use of bandwidth in the future.

Read More

Yousuf Huda

A very good project. Making a way to incentivize people with their unused
bandwith while maintaining data security at the same time. Hoping for more and
good updates to come.

Monmon Dante

I'm pleased with the effective utilization of unused bandwidth and my
willingness to contribute. The website and extension are functioning well and
are extremely user-friendly. All that remains is the release of the mobile
app, which I am eagerly awaiting. I appreciate the seamless experience
provided by all platforms and look forward to the upcoming mobile app

Read More

Dexter Basco

I've been using Grass since the beginning of the beta phase and have
consistently been impressed. The concept of monetizing unused bandwidth is
clever, and Grass stands out by rewarding users with its unique tokens,
ensuring payment and network ownership. I love tracking my earnings and
connecting with the vibrant Grass community on Discord. Jump in and touch
Grass, it's worth it!

Read More

Denmann

It’s reassuring to know that as companies profit from my data, I can capture
some of their profits through Grass via web scraping. Grass stands out,
offering higher payouts per GB than other proxy services, and additionally, I
get a stake in the network. It's a win-win.

Read More

Pingu Solidev

So far, my experiences with Grass have been great. The team on Discord is
polite and helpful and seem very interested in making the project successful.
The dashboard is clean and very professional-looking. Any issues that have
arisen have been taken care of in a timely manner. I look forward to the next
steps and expect them to be just as satisfying. I am an experienced user of
bandwidth-sharing apps, so I base my views on the comparison of those I've
been using to this project. I see a possibility of a very successful app here
for all involved.

Read More

Eric Andreasson

Grass is a revolutionary platform that empowers people to share their internet
resources and benefit from them. It's a win-win situation for everyone
involved. I highly recommend Grass to anyone who wants to make some extra
income, save money on their internet bills, or support a noble cause. Grass is
the future of internet access! Getting started with Grass.io is a breeze. The
process involves three simple steps: downloading the Grass web extension,
creating an account, and keeping the extension running in the background. Once
it's up and running, I can passively earn rewards without any hassle.

Read More

Jp De Vera

5 stars plus another 5 ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️ I've installed the app roughly one month ago
and I got to say I'm extremely impressed! The installation process is
intuitive, even for someone like me who isn't the most tech-savvy. The user
interface is clear and straightforward, ensuring a hassle-free setup and
operation. Being constantly on the hunt for passive income opportunities the
premise of monetizing idle network. resources had me intrigued from the
beginning, and GetGrass surely doesn't disappoint. It's like setting up once
and reaping the rewards without any additional effort. Earning passive income
has never been this effortless! Now, let's talk about their 'CRAZY' (in a good
way) commission structure : Invite Points: Every successful download through
my referral link boosts my Grass Points by 20% of my referred user's points-
forever! Secondary Points: It gets better! If someone I invite then shares an
invite, I get an additional 10% of the secondary referee's points—again,
perpetually. Tertiary Points: The icing on the cake. Every time a second-level
referral shares an invite, I get 5% of that 3rd degree invite's points. This
multi-tiered referral system amplifies the passive earning potential
significantly. Regarding security, after diving into the details and
understanding the workings of GetGrass, I found out that it doesn't compromise
my data or internet usage. While ISPs have been selling unused bandwidth all
along, GetGrass gives us a chance to reNaim if. It's like renting out parking
space without revealing anything inside your house. I'm pretty confident that
whatever is routed through my IP remains detached from my personal activities.
Plus, stringent measures are in place to ensure buyers cannot engage in
anything illegal, which adds another layer of trust. Most importantly, there's
no drop in my internet speed. GetGrass intelligently taps into my unused
resources without affecting my online experience. They've even capped proxy
activity at 0.3% of a user's bandwidth, ensuring no disruptions whatsoever. In
a nutshell, GetGrass empowers users to tap into the future of data
monetization, ensuring passive income without trading off privacy, safety, or
the quality of your connection. If you're looking for a safe, secure, and
efficient way to make the most out of your idle resources, look no further.
GetGrass is the answer！

Read More

Alessandro

Great app! What I love about this project for having such a big potential to
become successful. This project provides quality utility which gives the users
to a passive income by only just selling your unused internet bandwidth in
exchange of grass points and by registering your email, downloading the
extension, let it run then you are good to go! Their website is user-friendly
and they are transparent when it comes to your points.

Read More

Olivia Emma

The app works seamlessly and integrates with my internet connection easily. I
was able to start using Grass pretty quickly once I downloaded the chrome
extension and created a login. Pretty happy with this app and interested to
see more transparency in terms of use of bandwidth in the future.

Read More

Yousuf Huda

A very good project. Making a way to incentivize people with their unused
bandwith while maintaining data security at the same time. Hoping for more and
good updates to come.

Monmon Dante

I'm pleased with the effective utilization of unused bandwidth and my
willingness to contribute. The website and extension are functioning well and
are extremely user-friendly. All that remains is the release of the mobile
app, which I am eagerly awaiting. I appreciate the seamless experience
provided by all platforms and look forward to the upcoming mobile app

Read More

Dexter Basco

  *   *   *   *   *   *   *   *   * 

## Start earning in 3 steps

1

Download

Download the Grass Web Extension

2

Create Account

Log into your Grass Account on the Extension

3

Earn

Keep Grass Running on the Background to Earn

[Download Grass](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)

### Browse our latest news

Dive deep into our collection of articles, stories, and updates on all things
Grass. Whether you’re looking for industry trends, company updates, or behind-
the-scenes glimpses, our blog offers a wealth of knowledge to feed your
curiosity.

[View All Articles](/blog)

### FAQ

##

What is Grass?

Grass is a network of over 2 million people who are rewarded for helping AI
developers access the internet. Its goal is to prevent the concentration of AI
by allowing ordinary people to play a part and share in the benefits of its
growth.

##

How can I participate?

When you install a Grass node, the network will occasionally route web
requests using your internet connection. Think of it as your computer checking
a random website every once in a while. None of this will be visible to you
and it will not affect your internet experience at all.

##

Is this safe and legal?

Yes, it is entirely legal and entirely safe. The network is used for scraping
AI training data from the internet and nothing remotely unsavory occurs when
it does this.

Have more questions? Check out our full [FAQ](https://wynd-
network.gitbook.io/grass-docs/introduction/faq).

![Join Grass](/images/join-grass-background.png)

Join Grass.

Your view of the internet is valuable. Get paid for it.

[Download Grass](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/grass-
extension/ilehaonighjijnmpnagapkhpcdbhclfg?hl=en&authuser=0)[Open
Dashboard](https://app.getgrass.io)

[![Grass](/_next/image?url=%2Fimages%2Flogo%2Fgrass-primary-
logo.png&w=3840&q=75)](/)

[](https://twitter.com/getgrass_io)[](https://discord.gg/8NxzRj9ayN)

[Home](/)[Blog](/blog)[FAQ](https://wynd-network.gitbook.io/grass-
docs/introduction/faq)[Careers](https://boards.greenhouse.io/wyndlabs)[Media
Kit](/media-kit)

* * *

All Rights Reserved.

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Terms & Conditions](/terms-and-conditions)

