[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * What Is dYdX Exchange?

# What Is dYdX Exchange?

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Mar 7, 2024 | **Updated Mar 15, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-dydx-exchange
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20dYdX%20Exchange%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-dydx-exchange "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-dydx-exchange
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-dydx-exchange&title=What%20Is%20dYdX%20Exchange%3F "Reddit")

![Floating boxes in an open space](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Main-1-1024x432.jpg)
KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— dYdX is a platform for trading perpetual futures contracts and is the
largest decentralized cryptocurrency trading platform by volume.  
  
— While it has always been a non-custodial platform, earlier versions of the
protocol had critical components that were highly centralized.  
  
— Now on its fourth iteration, dYdX has achieved its goal of having an
exchange with fully decentralized and open-source components.  
  
Centralized exchanges offer an easy entry point to the crypto world with
familiar interfaces and quick transactions. However, there’s a key tradeoff:
you’re giving a third party control over your assets the minute you use a
centralized exchange. While decentralized exchanges have been around for a
while, their slower transaction speeds previously held them back.

Enter dYdX — a decentralized trading platform for perpetual contracts with
fast and efficient transactions. It offers the simplicity and functionality of
a centralized exchange while allowing you to retain full custody of your
assets.

In this article, you’ll learn what dYdX is, how it differs from centralized
exchanges, and how you can trade using the platform. Let’s dig in.

## What Is dYdX Exchange?

dYdX is a [decentralized exchange
(DEX)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-a-dex-decentralized-
exchanges-explained) that allows users to trade perpetual futures contracts
(aka perpetual contracts) for over 35+ cryptocurrencies, including BTC, ETH,
and SOL. These financial instruments are particularly appealing to experienced
traders looking to take advantage of leverage trading.

It first launched on the Ethereum blockchain, but this became unsustainable,
as the growing traffic on the Ethereum network caused gas fees to soar. This
was particularly damaging for dYdX as it was subsidizing its users’ gas fees.
For this reason, it then moved to the [Ethereum layer-2
solution](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-are-ethereum-
layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work), Starkware, as part of its v3
iteration in 2021.

As part of its commitment to fully decentralize the platform, [dYdX launched
its v4 iteration](https://dydx.exchange/blog/dydx-chain-official-release) on
its standalone blockchain, the dYdX chain, using [the
Cosmos](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cosmos-the-future-of-blockchain-
interoperability) SDK. As a result, all parts of the dYdX v4 protocol are
fully decentralized.

## The History of dYdX

Founded in August 2017 by ex-Coinbase engineer Antonio Juliano, [dYdX
Decentralized Trading Platform](https://dydx.trade/) has become one of the
most successful decentralized exchanges. Its name, dYdX, is a clever play on
words, as the platform allows users to trade derivatives, and dy/dx is one of
the ways that the mathematical function of derivatives is expressed.

Its [initial whitepaper](https://whitepaper.dydx.exchange/) outlined the
protocols for advanced trading methods like margin trading and covered calls,
a compelling niche in the crypto market. The idea quickly caught on, with it
achieving a $10 million valuation before generating revenue.

Since its launch, the protocol has undergone several evolutions, refining both
its product offerings and the benefits it offers users.

### **dYdX on Layer 1**

The first version of dYdX used Ethereum smart contracts to power spot and
margin trades on the platform. These smart contracts allowed users to offer or
accept loans for margin trades without middlemen, thus maintaining its
trustless and self-custodial nature. This iteration of the platform allowed
for up to 5x leverage trading on major cryptocurrencies like ETH and BTC.

Ultimately, Ethereum’s network congestion made this pretty slow and expensive,
especially in periods of high activity. As a result, dYdX sunsetted this
version of the protocol on November 1, 2021.

### **dYdX on Layer 2**

In an attempt to make trading as seamless as its centralized counterparts, as
well as to lower transaction fees, dYdX shifted its operations to the Layer 2
solution, Starkware. To clarify, Starkware uses Zero-Knowledge (ZK) rollups to
enable faster transactions. This version processes trades off-chain on a
central order book in batches and then finalizes those batches on-chain.

As a result of using Starkware, dYdX was able to provide its users not only
with faster transaction speeds but also with lower gas and trading fees, as
well as lower minimum trade sizes. Besides these benefits, dYdX v3 offers
users higher leverage than the v2 product (up to 25x), as well as more
cryptocurrency trading pairs and cross-margin options (which allow for higher
leverage trading). Notably, v3 also marked its shift to focusing solely on
perpetual trading, which quickly eclipsed margin trading as the platform’s
most popular offering.

While dYdX has always been a fully non-custodial trading platform, it did have
some centralized aspects on its Ethereum and Starkware versions. Fully
decentralizing the platform was always a major goal, which it finally realized
upon the full launch of dYdX Chain and dYdX v4 in November 2023.

### **dYdX Chain**

In a major stride towards decentralization, dYdX v4 moved to open-source all
aspects of the platform. Specifically, this meant decentralizing its order
book (the list of all buy and sell orders for specific trading pairs) and
matching engine (the system that matches buy and sell orders).

dYdX was able to achieve this thanks to the launch of its fully independent
blockchain, dYdX chain, on October 23rd, 2023. Notably, v4 grants users even
faster transaction speeds, as the dYdX chain claims the ability to process
over 2000 transactions per second (TPS) – much faster than the double-digit
TPS measurements of both Ethereum and Starkware.

It’s important to note that the dYdX chain is completely independent of its
parent company, as the dYdX DAO oversees its governance. For example, it is
the community that will decide which new exchange pairs of cryptocurrencies
will be added via on-chain governance. Similarly, the community will also be
the ones to decide whether or not dYdX reintroduces spot and margin trading on
the platform.

What’s more, the company no longer takes trading fees from dYdX v4,
underscoring its mission to provide users with a community-driven trading
experience. Instead, all the fees collected will go to the chain’s stakers and
validators.

## How Does dYdX Work?

As previously mentioned, both the order book and matching engine of dYdX v4
are decentralized. But how does this work?

First off, users begin by placing a buy or sell order. dYdX supports [eight
different order
types](https://help.dydx.exchange/en/articles/4797992-perpetual-order-types),
which are essentially just instructions to buy or sell an asset under certain
conditions. Once you place an order on the exchange, a validator node stores
it off-chain.

After the order is placed, validator nodes then communicate with other nodes
to find a matching trade. Remember, since it is a [decentralized trading
platform,](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-a-dex-decentralized-
exchanges-explained) users are effectively trading cryptocurrencies with one
another: dYdX simply facilitates the trade.

Let’s say that a user places an order to _buy_ a certain amount of BTC for a
certain amount of USDC. The validator nodes must find another user with a
matching order to _sell_ BTC for USDC to finalize both trades. Once the nodes
identify matching trades, they add these trades to new blocks and propose them
to the rest of the network.

It’s important to note here that when you place an order on dYdX it is not
processed on-chain until it becomes a finalized trade. This mechanism also
allows dYdX to have a much better throughput: it prevents excess data from
taking up space on the blockchain. Crucially, this also means that users can
submit and cancel orders without having to pay any gas fees.

Of course, users still have to pay trading fees, 100% of which are used to
compensate validators and stakers on the network. The fees are decided on via
community governance and calculated as a percentage of the total order. To
follow, users must pay these fees in USDC. For example, if you placed an order
to buy $100 worth of an asset at a 0.1% trading fee, you would pay a fee of
$0.10 in USDC.

## What Is dYdX for?

As an advanced trading platform, dYdx offers a range of features to traders
and investors. Let’s look at how features such as perpetual trading and
staking have boosted its popularity.

### **Perpetual Trading**

Perpetuals are a subset of futures contracts that essentially allow you to
place a bet on the future price of an asset. However, in contrast to standard
futures contracts which close on a predetermined date, perpetuals have no
expiration date. Rather, the buyers (longs) and sellers (shorts) of the
contract, exchange payments on an ongoing basis according to the difference
between the price of the contract and the actual, real-time price of the
underlying asset.

[Leverage trading](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/leverage-trading-
what-why-how) is particularly popular in perpetual trading. Trading with
leverage means increasing your exposure size on an asset by borrowing money,
otherwise called leverage. Traders use leverage to multiply their gains,
though, of course, this same tactic can multiply their losses too.

Let’s understand this through an example. Say, you have $100 of capital, and
you want to trade $BTC with 10x leverage. The exchange opens up a position of
$1000 worth of Bitcoin (BTC), backed by your $100 capital. If the value of BTC
moves up by 1%, you get a 10% return on your margin. But, if the market
doesn’t move in your favor and the value of your BTC position drops close to
your margin amount, the exchange can liquidate your position to repay your
loan.

On a centralized exchange, there is an internal algorithm that monitors these
market movements and the trader’s position through order books. On the other
hand, dYdX uses open-source smart contracts to execute these trades in a
transparent, trustless manner. What’s more, you can leverage decentralized
liquidity pools, with capital supplied by other traders, to place position
bets.

### **Governance  **

dYdX’s native token also doubles as its governance token. Holders can
participate in major protocol decisions. They can also propose and vote on
protocol upgrades or changes; such as algorithm changes, managing funds, and
chain upkeep.

Governance forums drive the dYdX Governance Process using Improvement
Proposals (“DIPs”) to formally approve proposals. Governance smart contracts
keep track of each address’ voting power, proposal vote count, and specific
timelocks. If a proposal passes a certain threshold of “yes” votes, it becomes
part of the official dYdX roadmap.

### **Staking**

Users can stake their current crypto holdings on the exchange and earn
interest in the form of native dYdX tokens. This serves as an incentive for
users to deposit their funds on the platform and promote its usage.

Apart from staking, traders can also choose to provide liquidity to facilitate
trades on the platform. dYdX has two main pools — liquidity pools and safety
pools — where users can stake USDC coins to earn dYdX tokens and a share of
the trading fees on the platform.

### **NFTs**

Hedgies is a free 4,200 NFT hedgehog art collection on Ethereum which rewards
the exchange’s active users. Every day since February 2023, the top trader by
profit and loss (PnL) on dYdX receives a Hedgies NFT. Plus dYdX also maintains
weekly leaderboards and distributes Hedgies to the top ten contestants. Thus,
these NFTs recognize and incentivize the top traders while simultaneously
building a community of exceptional traders.

A Hedgie acts as the main access pass to an active trading community. For
example, a Hedgie unlocks exclusive Discord channels to discuss trade
strategies, community events, and much more. Plus holding a Hedgie also gives
you a 3% discount on dYdX’s overall trading fees.

## dYdX Token: Explained

The dYdX token (ethDYDX) is an Ethereum-based multipurpose governance currency
for the dYdX exchange. Launched in August 2021, ethDYDX has a total supply of
1 billion tokens. Over five years, these tokens will be accessible according
to the following allocation:

  * 27.7% for previous investors in dYdX Trading Inc., the company that created dYdX
  * 15.3% for the founders employees, and other contributors to either dYdX Trading Inc. or the dYdX Foundation
  * 7.0% for future employees and contributors of dYdX Trading Inc. or the dYdX Foundation
  * 26.1% for the Community treasury
  * 23.9% for rewards to traders, stakers, and liquidity providers

After the initial five years, it could become inflationary depending on what
the community decides. However, the maximum rate of inflation is set to be 2%
per year. Similarly, the community has full control over its 50% allocation.
Indeed, governance proposals have changed the initial token allocations since
its launch.

The exchange uses its native token to enable governance across the platform.
Beyond its governance role, the dYdX token directly incentivizes active
engagement in many aspects of the protocol, such as retroactive mining,
liquidity pools, and perpetual trading.

While holders of the token received substantial trading discounts at first,
this feature was discontinued on September 29, 2023. Currently, the Ethereum-
based token ethDYDX is migrating to the dYdX chain, aiming to broaden and
expand its utility further.

## The Future of dYdX

Judging from its continued growth and popularity, dYdX is leading the path to
decentralizing crypto trading. dYdX v4 lets you maintain self-custody of your
cryptocurrency while making your assets work for you in a variety of trade
set-ups.

Decentralizing the dYdX chain holds immense implications for the future of
crypto trading. It directly eliminates central points of control and reduces
regulatory pressure. What’s more, letting the community decide which on-chain
pairs to add gives it a competitive edge. Users can collectively influence and
choose new trading options, making the platform more dynamic and responsive to
their needs.

And the best part? You can directly interact with self–custodial decentralized
exchanges from the safety of your [Ledger device](https://shop.ledger.com/).
Indeed, Ledger Live’s [integration with the dYdX
chain](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/14553855333533-dYdX-
DYDX?docs=true) allows you to manage and stake your tokens in just a few
clicks.

So what are you waiting for? You can use Ledger as you join the movement
towards decentralization and enjoy the peace of mind that comes with secure
self-custody.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-dydx-exchange
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20dYdX%20Exchange%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-dydx-exchange "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-is-dydx-exchange
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
is-dydx-exchange&title=What%20Is%20dYdX%20Exchange%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-dump-in-crypto)

[What Is a Pump and Dump?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-pump-and-
dump-in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-candlestick-charts-explained)

[How To Read Crypto Candlestick Charts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-
candlestick-charts-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

[AI and Crypto Trading: Benefits, Projects, and the
Future](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/ai-and-crypto-trading-
benefits-projects-and-the-future)

__Read

6 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-integration-of-
ai-and-cryptocurrency)

[Exploring the Integration of AI and
Cryptocurrency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/exploring-the-
integration-of-ai-and-cryptocurrency)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-in-crypto)

[What Is Slippage in Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-slippage-
in-crypto)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-brc-20-tokens)

[What Are BRC-20 Tokens?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-
brc-20-tokens)

__Read

7 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins)

[What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins)

__Read

11 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

