![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Network alerts history](/en/alerts) | [ ![rss](/img/icons/header_rss.svg?1716491272) Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/alerts.rss) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_alerts/2017-10-09-segwit2x-safety.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_alerts/2017-10-09-segwit2x-safety.md%0A%0A)

# Beware of Bitcoin's possible incompatibility with some major services

11 October 2017

ALL TOPICS

  * Summary
  * Mobile wallets
  * After the fork
  * Wallets
  * Exchanges
  * Miners
  * Other

## Summary

A subsection of the Bitcoin economy including prominent businesses such as
Coinbase, Xapo, and BitPay have signed an agreement to adopt and implement a
contentious hard fork of Bitcoin
[sometime](https://bashco.github.io/2x_Countdown/) in November. A hard fork is
a backwards incompatible change to the Bitcoin network. This hard fork is not
supported by the majority of the Bitcoin users and developers and is therefore
a contentious hard fork. By adopting this hard fork, we believe the supporters
of this agreement are shifting their users to an alternative currency (an
altcoin) which is incompatible with Bitcoin.

The signatories of this agreement wrongly believe that the currency created by
adopting this contentious hard fork will eventually become Bitcoin. Therefore
storing any BTC on services such as Coinbase, Bitpay and Xapo is strongly not
recommended. By storing BTC on these services, you could find that after the
hard fork, your BTC has been renamed to something else or replaced entirely
with the new altcoin. The best way to ensure that your BTC is protected is to
[download the latest version of Bitcoin Core](https://bitcoin.org/en/download)
and transfer out any BTC stored on services that are a signatory to this
agreement. We have listed the businesses supporting this contentious hard fork
at the bottom of this document.

For users who arenât prepared to install Bitcoin Core and go through the
lengthy set up process, we recommend a wallet such as
[GreenAddress](https://greenaddress.it/), [Electrum](https://electrum.org/) or
[TREZOR](https://trezor.io/). Avoid using web wallets like blockchain.info.
However users should only use these wallets to store their coins and never
perform transactions until well after the hard fork. Any transactions you make
on the Bitcoin blockchain can also be replicated and âreplayedâ on the
altcoin chain. If the coins on the contentious hard fork have any value, there
will be methods you can use to âsplitâ your coins and have access to them.
Pay extra attention to major Bitcoin communication channels and media shortly
after the fork so you stay informed.

## Mobile wallets

Miners in Bitcoin are responsible for transaction ordering through putting
transactions into blocks, and collectively creating a chain of these blocks.
Most mobile wallets depend on blindly trusting the longest chain produced by
the miners in order to safely send and receive transactions. There is
considerable mining power supporting the contentious hard fork. A majority of
miners have pledged to support the contentious hard fork, therefore the
longest chain as seen by most mobile wallets may not be the true block chain.
As a result of this, spending money from a mobile wallet during a hard fork is
dangerous. You will be vulnerable to many attacks as your wallet is not aware
that the miners are breaking the consensus rules on the longest chain.

If the contentious hard fork has failed and the majority of miners have broken
their pledge to support the hard fork, it is safe to continue using mobile
wallets, however you should check multiple sources of Bitcoin news such as
this website, [/r/bitcoin](https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/), and the
[Bitcoin Forum](https://bitcointalk.org) to make sure that itâs safe to
continue using your particular wallet. As a general rule, you should not
perform any transactions during and shortly after the hard fork.

## After the fork

Blocks may be slower shortly after the hard fork and your transactions will
take longer to confirm. You will have to pay a higher transaction fee if your
transaction is high priority and you want it confirmed in the next block. You
should try to get any important transactions done a few days before the hard
fork [date](http://bashco.github.io/2x_Countdown/). A lot of websites and
programs will likely pop up around the time of the hard fork offering to split
your Bitcoin so you can have access to both your BTC and to the new altcoin
created by this contentious hard fork, you should exercise caution as many of
these services are likely to be scams trying to steal your bitcoin. As the
hard fork has very little replay protection, most transactions you perform on
the Bitcoin network will also be valid on the hard fork network. You should
keep this in mind when transacting.

Some services may continue to present and name the altcoin created by this
contentious hard fork as Bitcoin. Users should be aware that this new currency
is not Bitcoin. Bitcoin can only be changed with the overwhelming consensus of
the entire Bitcoin community of individuals, miners, developers and economy.
Even when there is overwhelming consensus, unless in an emergency, a hard fork
should have at least a year notice period to give enough time for users to
upgrade. This hard fork being adopted by the signatories of this agreement
achieves none of these things. It is a rushed and hasty upgrade which only has
minority community support and has been thoroughly rejected by users and the
technical community. As this new altcoin is not Bitcoin, Bitcoin.org will not
list wallets and services that present this altcoin as âBitcoinâ or
âBTCâ to their users after the hard fork. These services have exited the
Bitcoin system in a contentious manner and therefore are no longer useful to
our visitors.

The following companies and services have pledged to adopt the contentious
hard fork:

## Wallets

  * Abra (United States)
  * Bitcoin.com (St. Kitts & Nevis)
  * **BitPay (United States)**
  * BitPesa (Kenya)
  * **Blockchain.info (UK)**
  * **BTC.com (China)**
  * Circle (United States)
  * **Coinbase (United States)**
  * Coins.ph (Phillipines)
  * GoCoin (Isle of Man)
  * Jaxx (Canada)
  * Luno (Singapore)
  * Ripio (Argentina)
  * Unocoin (India)
  * **Xapo (United States)**

## Exchanges

  * ANX (Hong Kong)
  * Bitex (Argentina)
  * bitFlyer (Japan)
  * Bitso (Mexico)
  * BTCC (China)
  * BTER.com (China)
  * **Coinbase (United States)**
  * Coins.ph (Phillipines)
  * CryptoFacilities (UK)
  * Korbit (South Korea)
  * Safello (Sweden)
  * SFOX (United States)
  * **ShapeShift (Switzerland)**

## Miners

  * 1Hash (China)
  * Bitcoin.com (St. Kitts & Nevis)
  * Bitfury (United States)
  * Bitmain (China)
  * Bixin.com (China)
  * Genesis Mining (Hong Kong)
  * ViaBTC (China)

## Other

  * Bitangel.com /Chandler Guo (China)
  * BitClub Network (Hong Kong)
  * Bloq (United States)
  * Civic (United States)
  * Decentral (Canada)
  * Digital Currency Group (United States)
  * Filament (United States)
  * Genesis Global Trading (United States)
  * Grayscale Investments (United States)
  * MONI (Finland)
  * OB1 (United States)
  * Netki (United States)
  * Purse (United States)
  * Veem (United States)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

