  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [Watch-
Only Wallet Addresses: Explained](/blog/watch-only-wallet-addresses-explained)

##### Guides

# Watch-Only Wallet Addresses: Explained

Published on: Mar 26, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is a watch-only wallet address?**
  * **How to add a watch-only wallet address to Trust Wallet**
  * **Understanding Watch-Only Wallet Scams**
  * **Frequently asked questions**

##### In Brief

Discover how watch-only wallet addresses work for tracking assets securely
without spending. Learn to set them up and avoid watch-wallet scams with our
guide.

![Watch-Only Wallet Addresses:
Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwatch_only_wallet_addresses_ed5af4e1f3.png&w=3840&q=75)

Watch-only wallets, also known as view-only wallets allow you to observe or
track assets of any wallet’s public address. This can be a wallet that you own
the private keys to, or a wallet that you do not control. In this guide, we’ll
get into why watch-only wallets are useful, how to set one up using Trust
Wallet, and how to spot a watch-wallet scam.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is a watch-only wallet address?

Watch-only wallet addresses allow you to keep an eye on your cryptocurrency
balances, or the balances of any public address, without having the ability to
access or spend the crypto. In other words, with watch-only addresses, you
have read-only access to the wallet, and can't make any transactions. This
feature is particularly useful for monitoring the activity of wallet balances.

Whether you're tracking your own balances or simply observing the asset
portfolios for others, watch-only wallets provide a secure and easy way to
stay informed about the asset movements without the risk of unauthorized
access to the funds.

## How to add a watch-only wallet address to Trust Wallet

Adding a watch-only address to Trust Wallet is simple. Here’s how:

  * Select the **settings (gear symbol)** from the main home screen (top left)

  * Select **Wallets** , then the **plus sign (+)**.

  * Choose **Add existing wallet**.

  * Choose **View-only wallet**.

  * Select the blockchain network you want to add the address for. Optionally, you can name the wallet.

  * Finally, **paste in the address** you want to watch and select **Confirm**.

![watch-only-wallet-addresses-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwatch_only_wallet_addresses_1_f4d3ad0f95.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## Understanding Watch-Only Wallet Scams

Scammers often trick individuals by adding a watch-only wallet to your Trust
Wallet, making it appear as if you've received funds. They then falsely claim
that your wallet needs "unlocking" to access these funds and may ask for a
payment or your private key or seed phrase to "unlock" it, aiming to steal
your assets.

#### How to Avoid Watch-Only Wallet Scams

  * **Protect Your Private Key and Seed Phrase:** Never share your private key or secret phrase with anyone. Doing so compromises your wallet’s security, giving someone else full control over your assets.

  * **Use a Blockchain Explorer for Verification:** If you're unsure about a transaction, use a reliable blockchain explorer to check the wallet address. If the transaction seems off, you're likely facing a scam.

  * **Understand That Wallet Unlocking is a Myth:** Trust Wallet doesn't require "unlocking" for fund access. Any requests for payments or personal information for unlocking purposes are clear scam indicators.

## Frequently asked questions

### How do I withdraw from a watch-only address on Trust Wallet?

You cannot withdraw funds from a watch-only address. The only way to access
the funds of any wallet is if you control the private keys or secret phrases
of that wallet. Beware of any scams that say you can access funds from a
watch-only wallet. Learn more here.

### Why is my Trust Wallet showing a watch-only wallet?

If you’ve added a public address, but not the secret phrase or the private key
of a wallet, you’ll see the wallet marked as “View-only wallet”. You cannot
access the funds in a view-only wallet. If you have access to the secret
phrase or private keys, you can [use these instructions to import the
wallet](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/solutions/articles/67000731384-import-
a-wallet-via-secret-phrase) and access the funds. Again, beware of any scams
saying you can access funds that do not belong to you.

### How do I get a private key for a watch-only Trust Wallet?

When you initially set up a wallet, you are given a 12-word secret phrase.
Best practice is to note this down somewhere safe and keep it secure. You can
only access the funds in watch-only wallets if you own the wallet and control
its secret phrase or [private keys](https://trustwallet.com/blog/private-keys-
explained). Beware of any scams that say you can access private keys you do
not own.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

