[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/pagina-de-servicos-de-terceiros)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Ledger Compatible Services

You can manage over 5,500 coins and tokens on Ledger Live

For others, you need to use external wallets to be able to check your balance,
send, receive…  
Find the list of the compatible third-party services below.



Name

Type

Description of the service

Supported crypto

![Ledger Live](//www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/11/ledger-live-
logo.jpg)

Ledger Live [More details](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")

Wallet

Directly manage your crypto with our own desktop and mobile application.  
Check your balance in real-time, send and receive coins directly from the same
app.

[Bitcoin](/bitcoin-wallet "Bitcoin") [Ethereum](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum")
[Ripple](/ripple-wallet "Ripple") [Bitcoin Cash](/bitcoin-cash-wallet "Bitcoin
Cash") ... [ERC-20 tokens](/erc20-wallet "ERC-20 tokens")
[Litecoin](/litecoin-wallet "Litecoin") [Dash](/dash-wallet "Dash") [Ethereum
Classic](/ethereum-classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [Zcash](/zcash-wallet
"Zcash") [Dogecoin](/dogecoin-wallet "Dogecoin") [Bitcoin Gold](/bitcoin-gold-
wallet) [Qtum](/qtum-wallet) [Decred](/coin/wallet/decred)
[DigiByte](/digibyte-wallet) [Stratis](/stratis-wallet) [Komodo](/komodo-
wallet) [PivX](/pivx-wallet) [Horizen](//shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-
crypto-assets) [Peercoin](/peercoin-wallet) [Vertcoin](/vertcoin-wallet)
[Viacoin](//shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets)
[Stakenet](//shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets)
[Stealth](//shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets) [Tezos](/tezos-
wallet "Tezos") [Tron](/tron-wallet "Tron") [Stellar](/stellar-wallet
"Stellar") [Cosmos](/cosmos-wallet "Cosmos") [Algorand](/algorand-wallet
"Algorand")

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/mew_mise_en_avant.png)

MyEtherWallet [More details](https://www.ledger.com/myetherwallet)

Wallet

MyEtherWallet is a free, open-source interface that focuses on the Ethereum
platform. When it comes to sending/storing/receiving Ether (ETH) tokens and
other digital assets issued on the Ethereum platform, MEW is an easy-to-use
and flexible solution to display and manage your ERC-20 tokens.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Ethereum Classic ](/ethereum-
classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [ Tether ](/tether-wallet "Tether") ... [
Basic Attention Token ](/basic-attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token")
[ USD Coin ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin")
[ All other ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/Talisman-
Logo.png)

Talisman [More details](https://www.ledger.com/talisman)

Wallet

Talisman is a non-custodial browser extension wallet tailored for Polkadot,
Ethereum Polygon, Binance Smart Chain, Optimism, Base, and many more. Talisman
simplifies Web3 for beginners while offering advanced functionalities for
experts. Its multi-chain design ensures seamless interactions across various
blockchains, guaranteeing the security of your assets.

[ Ethereum ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum "Ethereum") [
Polkadot ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/polkadot "Polkadot") [ Polygon
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/matic-network "Polygon") ... [ Optimism
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/optimism "Optimism") [ BNB Smart Chain
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binancecoin "BNB Smart Chain") [ All
other ERC-20 tokens ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/erc20 "All other
ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/rainbow-app-
icon-small.png)

Rainbow [More details](https://www.ledger.com/rainbow)

Wallet

Rainbow is a fun, simple, and secure way to get started with crypto and
explore the new world of Ethereum. You can use Rainbow to manage and display
Ethereum-based assets.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Ethereum Classic ](/ethereum-
classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [ Tether ](/tether-wallet "Tether") ... [
Basic Attention Token ](/basic-attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token")
[ USD Coin ](/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin") [ All other ERC-20 tokens
](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/rainbow-app-
icon-small.png)

Zerion [More details](https://www.ledger.com/zerion)

Wallet

Zerion’s minimalistic and elegant user interface combined with its non-
custodial approach makes it suitable for beginner and professional DeFi
investors to efficiently manage their portfolio.

[ Ethereum ](/coin/wallet/ethereum "Ethereum") [ Polygon
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/matic-network "Polygon") [ Tether
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether "Tether") ... [ USD Coin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/usd-coin "USD Coin") [ BNB Smart Chain
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binancecoin "BNB Smart Chain") [ All
other ERC-20 tokens ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/erc20 "All other
ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/metamask-mise-
en-avant.svg)

MetaMask [More details](https://www.ledger.com/metamask)

Wallet

MetaMask is a cryptocurrency wallet but also a web browser extension
(available in Chrome, Firefox and Brave) used to store, send and receive
Ethereum and ERC20. In other words, it allows users to make Ethereum
transactions through regular websites. MetaMask can be used to store keys for
Ethereum cryptocurrencies only.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Ethereum Classic ](/ethereum-
classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [ Tether ](/tether-wallet "Tether") ... [
Basic Attention Token ](/basic-attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token")
[ USD Coin ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin")
[ All other ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/mycrypto_mise_en_avant-1.svg)

MyCrypto [More details](https://www.ledger.com/mycrypto)

Wallet

MyCrypto is an Ethereum focused web wallet that allows Ledger users to store
their Ethers as well as all ERC20 tokens. An open-source web-based wallet
application, MyCrypto lets you manage the plethora of Ethereum-based tokens
all while keeping your private keys offline. For transacting with ERC20
tokens, Ethereum will be used for the transaction fees.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Ethereum Classic ](/ethereum-
classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [ Tether ](/tether-wallet "Tether") ... [
Basic Attention Token ](/basic-attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token")
[ USD Coin ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin")
[ All others ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All others ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/binance-dex-
picto.svg)

Binance DEX [More details](https://www.ledger.com/binance-dex)

DEX

Binance DEX is an open-source, non-custodial, decentralized exchange based on
the Binance Chain blockchain, a fork of the Cosmos network. The exchange
utilizes TradingView charting and has rapidly expanded its trading pairs and
volumes in recent weeks.  
  
The exchange wallet is TrustWallet, a non-custodial wallet that Binance
recently extended to operate across multiple DEXs on Ethereum.

[ Binance Coin ](/binance-coin-wallet "Binance Coin")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/idex.svg)

IDEX [More details](https://www.ledger.com/idex)

DEX

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Basic Attention Token ](/basic-
attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token") [ USD Coin
](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin") ... [ All
other ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/kyber-1.svg)

Kyber Network [More details](https://www.ledger.com/kyber-network)

Swap

Kyber is a fully on-chain liquidity protocol that enables decentralized token
swaps to be implemented on any application and smart contract-enabled
blockchain. Kyber’s solution also allows liquidity to be aggregated from
diverse sources into a single network, giving the best available rates to end
users, DApps, and platforms.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Basic Attention Token ](/basic-
attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token") [ USD Coin
](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin") ... [ All
other ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/paradex-1.svg)

Paradex [More details](https://www.ledger.com/paradex)

DEX

Paradex is a decentralized ERC-20 trading platform acquired by the popular
cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase in 2018 allowing its customers to make
trading without fees.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Ethereum Classic ](/ethereum-
classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [ Tether ](/tether-wallet "Tether") ... [
Basic Attention Token ](/basic-attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token")
[ USD Coin ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin")
[ All other ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/guarda-
picto.svg)

Guarda Wallet [More details](https://www.ledger.com/guarda-wallet)

wallet

Guarda Wallet is a leading non-custodial, multiplatform, and decentralized
wallet for cryptocurrency assets. Users can securely send/receive, manage,
store, exchange, and even stake coins from a variety of blockchains including,
Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, and Binance Coin. Guarda features a web, desktop,
mobile, and chrome extension version of its wallet for interacting with
digital assets.  
  
The wallet is also natively integrated with an exchange for swapping between
crypto-assets and operating as a crypto-fiat gateway.

[ Bitcoin ](/bitcoin-wallet "Bitcoin") [ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet
"Ethereum") [ Litecoin ](/litecoin-wallet "Litecoin")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/myeoswallet-
picto.png)

MyEOSWallet [More details](https://www.ledger.com/myeoswallet)

wallet

MyEOSWallet is an open-source, client-oriented wallet for the management of
EOS and the network’s respective tokens. Available in desktop, web, and mobile
versions, MyEOSWallet contains features like voting, airgrabs, producer reward
claims, and EOS token transfers.  
  
The web browser version of MyEOSWallet requires the Scatter plugin and works
best with Ledger on Google Chrome.

[ EOS ](/eos-wallet "EOS")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/stellar-
viewer-picto.svg)

Stellar Account Viewer [More details](https://www.ledger.com/stellar-account-
viewer)

wallet

Stellar Account Viewer is a lightweight client for sending and receiving
Lumens (XLM), the native Stellar token, over the Stellar Network. Stellar
Account Viewer is integrated with Ledger and can be accessed directly from the
web-based interface.  
  
Intuitive and straightforward, the Stellar Account Viewer wallet is a user-
friendly gateway to the Stellar Network for web browser users.

[ Stellar ](/stellar-wallet "Stellar")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/tronscan-
picto.svg)

Tronscan [More details](https://www.ledger.com/tronscan)

wallet

TronScan is the official explorer of the TRON public smart contracts
blockchain. TronScan features a built-in web wallet for sending, receiving,
and managing TRON tokens and dapp interactions across the network.  
  
TronScan covers metrics ranging from full node statistics to dapp interactions
and smart contract triggers.

[ Tron ](/tron-wallet "Tron")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/08/Firefly-
logo-1.svg)

Firefly Wallet [More details](https://www.ledger.com/firefly-wallet)

wallet

Firefly is the official desktop wallet for sending, receiving, and managing
MIOTA tokens of the Chrysalis network. Open-source and available for Windows,
Mac, and Linux, Firefly replaced Trinity wallet on April 28th 2021 and allows
users to migrate their funds to Chrysalis at any time.  
  
Firefly also features multi-account management and profile creation to allow
multiple people to securely use the application on the same device.

[ Iota ](/iota-wallet "Iota")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/ark-picto.png)

ARK [More details](https://www.ledger.com/ark)

wallet

Under the ethos of “Point. Click. Blockchain.” ARK is designed to trivially
leverage the power of public blockchains. ARK Wallet is the official wallet of
the ARK network, and serves as the gateway for users to run full nodes,
send/receive, and manage their ARK tokens.  
  
The ARK Wallet is available on Windows, Linux, and Mac OSX, and is compatible
with Ledger devices. A user-friendly mobile version of ARK Wallet is also
available for Android and iOS.

[ Ark ](/ark-wallet "Ark")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/monero-
picto.svg)

Monero GUI [More details](https://www.ledger.com/monero-gui)

wallet

The Monero Graphical User Interface (GUI) wallet is an open-source wallet for
the privacy-oriented Monero cryptocurrency that is available for desktop
operating systems Mac OSX, Windows, and Linux.  
  
The official wallet of Monero developers, Monero GUI is a non-custodial wallet
fully synced with the Monero blockchain for managing, sending, and receiving
XMR.

[ Monero ](/monero-wallet "Monero")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/waves-
picto.svg)

Waves Platform [More details](https://www.ledger.com/waves-platform)

DEX

Waves is an open-source, full-stack platform for decentralized applications
and digital asset management. Complete with a native decentralized exchange
(Waves DEX), Waves enables the issuance, transfer, and exchange of assets on a
performant infrastructure.  
  
The Wave DEX features non-custodial swaps between cryptocurrencies and fiat
currencies in both a web and desktop interface.

[ Waves ](/waves-wallet "Waves") [ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [
Litecoin ](/litecoin-wallet "Litecoin") ... [ Bitcoin ](/bitcoin-wallet
"Bitcoin") [ ZCash ](/zcash-wallet "ZCash") [ Bitcoin Cash ](/bitcoin-cash-
wallet "Bitcoin Cash") [ Dash ](/dash-wallet "Dash") [ Monero ](/monero-wallet
"Monero")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/vechain-sync-
mise-en-avant.svg)

Vechain Sync [More details](https://www.ledger.com/vechain-sync)

wallet

VeChain Sync is the official desktop wallet. Users can connect their Ledger
device to the VeChain Sync and access and manage VET, VTHO or VIP180 tokens.
It is designed to provide the seamless user experiences for VeChain Apps, and
serves as the dApp environment to provide unlimited potential for developers
and users.

[ VeChain ](/vechain-wallet "VeChain")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/ubiq-
picto.svg)

Ubiq [More details](https://www.ledger.com/ubiq)

wallet

Ubiq is an open-source fork of the Ethereum codebase with a suite of wallets.
Pyrus, the web-based, client-side browser of Ubiq is compatible with Ledger
devices and is a non-custodial interface for exchanging or transferring Ubiq
and any ERC-20 compatible tokens.  
  
Users can send online and offline transactions without exposing their private
keys to the Internet. Ledger is also integrated with Sparrow, Ubiq’s browser
extension for payment, dapp, and identity management.

[ Ubiq ](/ubiq-wallet "Ubiq")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/zcl-picto.png)

ZClassic [More details](https://www.ledger.com/zclassic)

wallet

ZClassic is an open-source fork of the ZCash cryptocurrency based on zero-
knowledge proofs for preserving user privacy on a public blockchain. Designed
to remove the founder’s reward per block in ZCash, ZClassic offers a host of
desktop, paper, web, and mobile wallets for users.  
  
The Ledger-compatible Electrum wallet is available on desktop for Windows, Mac
OSX, and Linux.

[ ZClassic ](/zclassic-wallet "ZClassic")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/neon-
picto.svg)

Neon Wallet [More details](https://www.ledger.com/neon-wallet)

wallet

NEON Wallet is an open-source, cross-platform light wallet for the NEO public
blockchain network that was developed by the City of Zion group on Github.  
  
Available as a desktop wallet on Windows, Mac OSX, and Linux, the NEON wallet
allows users to claim GAS on the NEO network.

[ Neo ](/neo-wallet "Neo")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/wanchain-
picto.svg)

Wanchain [More details](https://www.ledger.com/wanchain)

wallet

Wanchain Wallet is the official wallet of the Wanchain, cross-chain financial
blockchain network. Wanchain Wallet is available in Desktop Light Client,
Desktop Full Client, Desktop Offline, and mobile (e.g., Android & iOS)
versions for sending/receiving and managing WAN tokens, along with conducting
private cross-chain transactions.  
  
The wallet also supports Wanchain digital assets outside of the WAN token and
even comes with functionality in Wanchain PoS staking.

[ Wanchain ](/wanchain-wallet "Wanchain")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/10/ether-delta-
picto.svg)

Ether Delta [More details](https://www.ledger.com/ether-delta)

DEX

EtherDelta is a non-custodial decentralized exchange (DEX) on the Ethereum
blockchain for securely swapping between ETH and other Ethereum tokens (i.e.,
ERC-20, ERC-721, etc.) without going through a centralized intermediary.  
  
Orderbooks execute P2P order-matching and leverage atomic swaps to settle the
exchange of assets between users. The web-based interface is integrated with
MetaMask for plugging into the Ethereum network.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet
"ERC-20 tokens")

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/06/airswap-1.svg)

AirSwap [More details](https://www.ledger.com/airswap)

Swap

Airswap is a decentralized trading network for Ethereum tokens that
trustlessly facilitates peer-to-peer transactions. AirSwap has a total supply
of 500 millions AST with 150 000 000 AST in circulation.The network solves two
issues encountered in peer-to-peer trading environment: counterparty discovery
and pricing suggestions.

[ Ethereum ](/ethereum-wallet "Ethereum") [ Ethereum Classic ](/ethereum-
classic-wallet "Ethereum Classic") [ Tether ](/tether-wallet "Tether") ... [
Basic Attention Token ](/basic-attention-token-wallet "Basic Attention Token")
[ USD Coin ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/supported-crypto-assets "USD Coin")
[ All other ERC-20 tokens ](/erc20-wallet "All other ERC-20 tokens")

[](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "EN")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/pagina-de-servicos-de-terceiros)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

