[![Hivemapper
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/explorer)

Build the Map

Use the Map

Privacy OverviewPrivacy PolicyRedaction Request

HIVEMAPPER

Image Collection

The Hivemapper Network is designed to protect people's privacy while
collecting imagery to build and update a global map. Your personal information
and location data are not the product being monetized. The Hivemapper Network
is building a private mapping network that offers contributors anonymity.

What Is Collected?

The Hivemapper Dashcam is an open-source product that collects information in
a privacy-centric manner. The primary pieces of data it collects includes:

Imagery

Street-level imagery in

2K and 4K resolution

GNSS Data

Accurately positions map

imagery and features

IMU Data

Inertial Measurement Unit sensor

that measures acceleration

[Learn More](https://github.com/hivemapper/odc)

How Imagery Data Is Used

We build Map APIs that businesses can consume.

Map Imagery API

Customers can access geolocated

imagery with enhanced privacy.

Map Features API

Objects like speed limit signs, stop signs,

traffic lights, and more.

[Learn More](https://hivemapper.com/product/)

Privacy by Design

Randomly Generated Usernames + Location Data + Imagery collected

Each Contributorâs username is randomly generated to ensure anonymity, and
contributorsâ location data and imagery collected is never publicly tied to
a username or Hivemapper profile.

Privacy Blurring

Automatically blurs faces, license plates, cars, and bodies from the imagery
on the edge - dashcam mapping device - prior to uploading imagery.

Edge Processing

The Hivemapper Dashcam automatically privacy blurs images and detects objects
(e.g., speed limit signs) on the edge.

Privacy Zones

Personal and network level privacy zones where all data collection is
automatically paused.

No Identifiable Info Collected from Contributors

We donât collect information that we can use to identify contributors to the
map, but could receive personal information either when you purchase a
Hivemapper Dashcam (for sales purposes) or contact us (for customer support
purposes).

No Personal Info Collected from Road Users (bystanders)

When contributors collect imagery, faces, license plates, cars, and bodies are
automatically blurred on their Hivemapper Dashcams, to ensure the imagery we
receive does not include personal information of road users (bystanders).
Unblurred imagery is never shared with the Hivemapper App and Hivemapper has
no access to unblurred imagery.

Transparency

In certain countries we require you to display a placard on your vehicle
indicating that you are collecting for a map.[ See here
](https://bee.hivemapper.com/onboarding-hivemapper-dashcam#legal-placards)for
the countries and placards.

Open-Source Dashcam

People can inspect the code and see what data is being collected and how
itâs being collected, [see here.](https://github.com/hivemapper/odc)

[View More](https://docs.hivemapper.com/main-concepts/privacy)

Frequently Asked Questions

What is the imagery used for?

To build and update a map for purposes of street-level navigation and
exploring the world.

Who can access the collected data?

Customers who pay for access to the Map API, [See
here](https://hivemapper.com/product/) to learn about the data products we
sell.

How long is the imagery kept?

One year from the point of collection, sometimes less.

Can I map anywhere?

You can map in any country, but all data collection from the Hivemapper
Dashcam is automatically paused within privacy zones (e.g., military bases).

Does the Hivemapper Dashcam or App include third-party analytics?

The Hivemapper Dashcam and the Hivemapper App for iPhone and Android do not
send behavioral data to third-parties.

Can the dashcam see my personal car garage?

By default, mapping is paused in the first 500 meters of every trip. You can
adjust trip trimming to 1,000 meters. Additionally, contributors can set
personal privacy zones around specific locations. When your dashcam is within
a personal privacy zone, mapping is automatically paused.

Can people see where a specific contributor is collecting or what imagery they
have collected?

No, each contributorâs username is randomly generated to ensure anonymity.
No contributorsâ location data or imagery collected is publicly tied to this
username.

Is all imagery privacy blurred?

Yes, faces, license plates, cars, and bodies are automatically blurred on the
contributorâs Hivemapper Dashcam. Un-blurred imagery is not shared with the
Hivemapper App and Hivemapper has no access to unblurred imagery.

Request Takedown

Hivemapper can assist with further blurring or deleting of imagery an
individual considers sensitive or their personal information (e.g. a face,
body, vehicle, license plate or home). If you would like to request this,
please [complete this form](/redaction-request) or send us a message to
[privacy@hivemapper.com.](mailto:privacy@hivemapper.com)

Active Imagery Collection

As of Q2 2024, imagery is being actively collected at these locations. You can
also view map coverage[ here.](https://hivemapper.com/explorer)

COUNTRY

STATE/PROVINCE

Hong Kong

Islands District

Hong Kong

Kwai Tsing District

Hong Kong

North District

Hong Kong

Sai Kung District

Hong Kong

Sha Tin District

Hong Kong

Tsuen Wan District

Hong Kong

Tuen Mun District

Hong Kong

Yuen Long District

Hong Kong

Tai Po District

Hong Kong

Kowloon City District

Hong Kong

Kwun Tong District

Hong Kong

Sham Shui District

Hong Kong

Wong Tai Sin District

Hong Kong

Yau Tsim Mong District

Hong Kong

Central & Western District

Hong Kong

Eastern District

Hong Kong

Southern District

Hong Kong

Wan Chai District

Kuwait

Kuwait City

Kuwait

Siddeeq

Kuwait

Ahmadi

Kuwait

Jileeb Al-Shiyukh

Kuwait

Al Jahra

Kuwait

North West Sulaibikhat

Honduras

Tegucigalpa

Honduras

Comayaga

Honduras

Islas de la Bahia

El Salvador

San Francisco Gotera

El Salvador

San Miguel

El Salvador

Neuva Guadalupe

El Salvador

El Triunfo

El Salvador

Vista Hermosa

El Salvador

San Lorenzo

El Salvador

CaserÃ­o Los Jobos

El Salvador

Santo Domingo

El Salvador

Ilobasco

El Salvador

La UniÃ³n

El Salvador

San Juan Talpa

El Salvador

San TomÃ¡s

El Salvador

San Marcos

El Salvador

Santa Tecla

El Salvador

ColÃ³n

El Salvador

Ciudad Arce

El Salvador

Las Aradas

El Salvador

El Guineo

United States

Alaska

Andorra

Sant JuliÃ de LÃ²ria

Andorra

Andorra la Vella

Andorra

La Massana

Andorra

Ordino

Andorra

La Cortinada

Andorra

Encamp

United States

Hawaii

Andorra

Canillo

Andorra

El Tarter

Barbados

Oistins

Barbados

Bridgetown

Barbados

Holetown

Barbados

Speightstown

Barbados

Belleplaine

Barbados

Bathsheba

Barbados

Bath

Barbados

Sherbourne

Trinidad and Tobago

Port of Spain

Trinidad and Tobago

San Juan

Trinidad and Tobago

Maracas

Barbados

Six Cross Roads

Andorra

El Pas de la Casa

Liechtenstein

Mauren

Liechtenstein

Eschen

Liechtenstein

Schaan

Liechtenstein

Vaduz

Liechtenstein

Triesen

Liechtenstein

Balzers

Monaco

Moneghetti

Monaco

La Condamine

Monaco

Monaco-Ville

Monaco

Les Revoires

Monaco

La Colle

San Marino

City of San Marino

San Marino

Borgo Maggiore

United States

Florida

Burkina Faso

Ouagadougou

Burkina Faso

Loumbila

Burkina Faso

ZiniarÃ©

Burkina Faso

Komsilga

Tanzania

Dar es Salaam

Kyrgyzstan

Bishkek

Kyrgyzstan

Tokmok

Kyrgyzstan

Kemin

Kyrgyzstan

Tort-Kul

Cambodia

Phnom Penh

Cambodia

Ta Khmao

Cambodia

Angk Snuol District

Cambodia

Chbar Mon

San Marino

Faetano

Singapore

Tuas

Singapore

Jurong West

Singapore

Jurong

Singapore

Sungei Kadut

1234567891011121314

[Blog](/blog)

[Careers](/careers)

[Media Kit](/media-kit)

[Privacy](/privacy)

[](https://discord.com/invite/FRWMKyy5v2)[](https://twitter.com/Hivemapper)[](https://www.instagram.com/hivemapper)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=db14f33c-2e85-4e1e-af12-9c4624c6e78f&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ec3b413f-1756-4b47-8e72-6b8e46f3549e&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fhivemapper.com%2Fprivacy%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o8cxm&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=db14f33c-2e85-4e1e-af12-9c4624c6e78f&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ec3b413f-1756-4b47-8e72-6b8e46f3549e&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fhivemapper.com%2Fprivacy%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o8cxm&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

