[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0LzUtcG9wdWxhci1kZXgtY3J5cHRvLWNvaW5zLXRvLWxvb2stb3V0LWZvci1pbi0yMDIyLTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzkyMT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9maWF0LzUtcG9wdWxhci1kZXgtY3J5cHRvLWNvaW5zLXRvLWxvb2stb3V0LWZvci1pbi0yMDIyLTQyMTQ5OTgyNDY4NDkwMzkyMT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# 5 Popular DEX Crypto Coins to Look Out For in 2022

2022-05-30

**Main Takeaways:  **

  * A decentralized exchange (DEX) is a peer-to-peer platform where users can trade cryptocurrencies directly with other users without relying on any intermediaries. Users trade directly from their own wallet without the requirement of KYC. 

  * The majority of DEXs have a native governance or utility token that offers holders benefits such as governance rights, liquidity, and staking rewards. 

  * Popular DEX crypto assets can be easily purchased on Binance in two steps. 

_Nowadays, many kinds of decentralized exchanges are built on different
blockchain ecosystems that cater to all types of users.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220530/ed865a0f-d9a9-4f44-8f8b-acd6f4b7e19f.png)

Decentralized exchanges (DEXs) are one of the fundamental building blocks of
the [decentralized finance
(DeFi)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/the-complete-beginners-guide-
to-decentralized-finance-defi) ecosystem. In this article we will go through a
simplified version of what decentralized exchanges are, how they work, and the
five most popular DEXs and tokens.

## What Are DEXs And How Do They Work?

In simple terms, a decentralized exchange (DEX) is a platform where users can
directly trade cryptocurrency without needing an intermediary. At this point,
you can argue that this isn't much different than any peer-to-peer trade.
However, the primary difference is that DEXs run on various blockchain
ecosystems and provide the same services as centralized exchanges, except, you
have control of your own private keys and full custody over your funds. To
trade on a centralized exchange, your funds would need to be located within a
specific centralized exchange wallet. With a DEX, you have full custody of
your funds and can trade straight from your wallet. DEXs replace the
intermediaries you generally find on centralized platforms with smart
contracts that self-execute under certain conditions and facilitate the
exchange of funds.  

Since there is no central authority, DEXs do not require
[KYC](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-kyc-know-your-customer),
and generally have lower fees.

For a more in-depth explanation of how DEXs work, check out our article on
[What Is a Decentralized Exchange
(DEX)?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-decentralized-
exchange-dex#automated-market-makers-amm)** **

##  The Growth Of DEXs

Once regarded as a niche concept, DEXs have seen an increase in adoption with
the rise of DeFi and crypto. According to the Block's 2021 Digital Asset
Outlook Report, Decentralized exchanges (DEXs) have experienced exponential
growth in 2021, [exceeding more than $1 trillion in trading volumes since the
start of the quarter](https://www.binance.com/en/news/top/6658268). The
recorded $1 trillion in trading volume shows an 858% increase compared to the
trading volume in 2020.

## 5 Popular DEX Tokens  

DEX tokens can have a range of use cases on their native protocol, such as
staking for rewards, voting, and more. If you’re considering adding DEX tokens
to your portfolio, we’ve listed the top 5 DEX tokens available on
[Binance](https://www.binance.com/en/markets) below. Keep in mind that the
selection of 5 decentralized exchange protocols and tokens are not ranked in
any specific order.

### Uniswap and its UNI Token

[Uniswap](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-uniswap-and-how-
does-it-work) is an Ethereum-based DEX automated liquidity protocol. Users do
not need an order book or a centralized party to make trades. Uniswap is also
[open-source](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/open-source-software-
oss), meaning anyone can use the source code and make their own decentralized
exchange. Moreover, users can launch any [ERC-20
token](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/an-introduction-to-
erc-20-tokens) on Uniswap and list them for free as long as they can supply
tokens to the liquidity pool.

UNI is the protocol's native token, and its main function is to govern the
Uniswap ecosystem.

Uniswap ([UNI](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto/calculator/USD/UNI)), at a price of $5.46 and $3.93B market cap as of
30 May 2022

### PancakeSwap and its CAKE Token

[PancakeSwap](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/a-guide-to-pancakeswap)
is a [BNB Smart Chain](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/an-
introduction-to-binance-smart-chain-bsc)-based DEX. Users can swap [BEP-20
tokens](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/bep-20) on PancakeSwap without
trusting their funds to an intermediary. Users can earn rewards by staking
tokens in the liquidity pools and, like Uniswap and many other DEXs,
PancakeSwap is powered by an [automated market maker
(AMM)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-an-automated-market-
maker-amm) model, relying on user-backed liquidity pools to support trades.

CAKE is the governance token that powers the PancakeSwap ecosystem. CAKE
holders can vote on the direction of the ecosystem, buy lottery tickets in the
PancakeSwap lottery, use it in yield farms to earn more CAKE, stake it in
liquidity pools to earn more tokens, and much more!

PancakeSwap ([CAKE](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto/calculator/USD/CAKE)), at a price of $4.78 and $815.53M market cap as
of 30 May 2022

### Stellar and its XLM Token

[Stellar](https://www.binance.com/en/price/stellar) is a decentralized, open-
source payment protocol that allows any form of money to be moved and stored
at a low cost. Serving as a DEX with a built-in order book, users can manage
buy/sell orders and reliably convert cryptocurrencies to fiat or vice versa.
XLM is Stellar's native token that acts as an intermediary currency in
transactions.

Stellar
([XLM](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/XLM_USDT?theme=dark&type=spot)), at a
price of $0.13 and $3.48B market cap as of 30 May 2022

### THORChain and its RUNE Token

[THORCHain](https://www.binance.com/en/price/thorchain) is a decentralized
Cosmos-based protocol that lets you swap one crypto asset for another without
having to lose full custody of them during the process. And, you don't need to
rely on order books to source liquidity because market prices are maintained
via the ratio of assets in a pool on the protocol's eponymous DEX. Like
Uniswap, the THORChain DEX lets you trade and lend their crypto assets by
providing liquidity to their asset pools to earn a yield on those assets.

The native utility token of THORChain is
[RUNE](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-thorchain-rune), and
holders can use it to stake, trade, and vote on the direction of the protocol.

THORChain
([RUNE](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/Rune_USDT?theme=dark&type=spot)), at
a price of $3.06 and $1.01B market cap as of 30 May 2022

### Loopring and its LRC Token

[Loopring](https://www.binance.com/en/price/loopring) is a
[layer-2](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/layer-2) protocol that
provides developers with the tools to build decentralized exchanges on
[Ethereum](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-ethereum). Its goal
is to make trading assets and transactions on Ethereum affordable and fast
without sacrificing security. Loopring powers decentralized exchanges by
batch-processing thousands of trade and transfer requests off-chain via [Zero-
knowledge Proofs](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/zero-knowledge-
proofs), dramatically reducing gas consumption and transaction costs.

LRC is the Ethereum-based cryptocurrency token of Loopring and powers the
Loopring Exchange. A DEX that lets you trade Ethereum tokens at a lower cost
than other DApps native to the Ethereum ecosystem because it's built on top of
the Ethereum mainchain.

Loopring
([LRC](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/LRC_USDT?theme=dark&type=spot)), at a
price of $0.53 and $715.74M market cap as of 30 May 2022

Disclaimer: All prices listed are based on the opening price on 30 May on
Binance exchange.

This list does not constitute a recommendation or endorsement by Binance to
buy or sell any currency.

## How To Buy DEX Tokens on Binance In 2 Steps

Looking to add DEX tokens to your crypto portfolio? Get started on Binance in
minutes, home to over 275+ cryptocurrencies and the world’s largest exchange
by trading volume and user base.

**Step 1:** Make a[ fiat deposit](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/USD)
via an[ e-wallet transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/other-
channel/buy/USD/BUSD/) or bank transfer on Binance. Check the available[ fiat
channels](https://www.binance.com/en/fiat/deposit/EUR) for your preferred
currencies. For more information check out our in-depth guide on [How to
Deposit USD via
SWIFT](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/f84427e36de641f59ed16e78fcc85679).

**Optional:** Convert your fiat currency to
[BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/BUSD) or[
USDT](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto/calculator/USD/USDT) so you
can trade a greater variety of tokens.

**Step 2:** Buy the DEX crypto tokens of your choice through a spot[
wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/main) purchase or
directly with[ credit/debit card](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220530/0fde127d-09f9-4475-aaff-185558f1b213.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR)

## Conclusion

Decentralized exchanges play an important part in the rise and growth of the
DeFi space. As more DEXs continue to evolve and improve their offerings such
as trading and user experience, we will most likely continue to see DEXs
innovating and growing across the industry.

With that said, different DEXs have their unique operation processes, so it’s
also important to understand that before committing to any DEX coins. Always
[DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-own-research)!

**Start building the crypto portfolio of your dreams on Binance**

Register for a [Binance account
](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register)or download the [Binance
app](https://www.binance.com/en/download?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=app&utm_campaign=en-binance-app). Once you’ve completed the
[KYC process](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile), you can buy
cryptocurrencies on Binance using fiat in three ways: from Binance via bank
transfer, card channels or e-wallet options.

[Buy BUSD, BNB and cryptocurrencies with a Debit Card, Credit Card, or via
Bank Transfer](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

Linking your debit card, credit card, or bank account (available in many
regions) is one of the easiest ways to buy Bitcoin and more than 275+
cryptocurrencies.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220530/6a11560b-03dc-4b25-b23c-a33e8c13dc47.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto)

_**Disclaimer:**__Cryptocurrency investment is subject to high market risk.
Binance is not responsible for any of your trading losses. The statements made
in this article are for educational purposes only and should not be considered
financial advice or an investment recommendation._

**Read the following articles for more information:  **

  * (Support)[ How to Buy Crypto with Debit/Credit Card on the Website](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5) and the [App](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/7a795b5916db4a3ea57c1a1208e19581)

  * (Blog) [10 Important Projects And Tokens On The Ethereum Ecosystem](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/10-important-projects-and-tokens-on-the-ethereum-ecosystem-421499824684903881)

  * (Blog) [How To Invest In The DeFi Space And The Top 10 DeFi Coins](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/fiat/how-to-invest-in-the-defi-space-and-the-top-10-defi-coins-421499824684903813)

  * (Academy) [What Is a Decentralized Exchange (DEX)?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-decentralized-exchange-dex#automated-market-makers-amm)

  * (Academy) [What Is Ethereum?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-ethereum)

194,940,495 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

5 Popular DEX Crypto Coins to Look Out For in 2022

What Are DEXs And How Do They Work?

The Growth Of DEXs

5 Popular DEX Tokens  

How To Buy DEX Tokens on Binance In 2 Steps

Conclusion

194,940,495 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

