[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/habilitar-a-assinatura-cega-porque-quando-e-como-se-proteger)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/habilitar-a-assinatura-cega-porque-quando-e-como-se-proteger)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * Enable Blind Signing: Why, When and How to Stay Safe

# Enable Blind Signing: Why, When and How to Stay Safe

By **Ledger**

Jun 13, 2022 | **Updated May 22, 2023**

__Read 5 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-
blind-signing-why-when-and-how-to-stay-safe
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Enable%20Blind%20Signing%3A%20Why%2C%20When%20and%20How%20to%20Stay%20Safe&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-
blind-signing-why-when-and-how-to-stay-safe
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-blind-signing-
why-when-and-how-to-stay-safe
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-
blind-signing-why-when-and-how-to-stay-
safe&title=Enable%20Blind%20Signing%3A%20Why%2C%20When%20and%20How%20to%20Stay%20Safe
"Reddit")

![Grey closed belt on a purple background.](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/09_Security_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Blind signing means confirming a smart contract interaction you can’t verify
through a human readable language.  
  
— This can be either because your wallet can’t extract the details, or because
you can’t trust the computer screen itself (hacks are always a risk).  
  
— Ledger is making blind signing a thing of the past; your Ledger device can
display full smart contract details on its trusted display, any time you
interact with an integrated platform.  
  
— But when you’re interacting with apps outside of Ledger’s ecosystem, you
will need to enable blind signing on your device.  
  
— Here’s the lowdown on how that works – and how to maximize your security, no
matter where you’re exploring.  
  
_Wondering why you’re being asked to enable blind signing? Here, we explain
why it’s necessary and how to stay safe._

The ol’ [blind signing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-
weakness-blind-signing-explained) is a hot topic here at Ledger. In the web3
world, blind signing is one of the sneakiest risks you’ll face, and this is
why Ledger’s platform of integrations is gradually making this practice a
thing of the past.

But when you’re interacting outside of that ecosystem, there are still times
when blind signing is necessary; this is why you’ll occasionally see the
message “Enable Blind Signing” appearing on your device as you interact with
dApps and DeFi. In this article, we’ll recap what it means to sign a smart
contract transaction, what to do when you see this message and how to make
sure you stay safe, no matter what sort of App you’re interacting with.

## What is Blind Signing? A Recap

Would you sign a contract you hadn’t read? Probably not. And if doing so
sounds alarming to you, you’ve already grasped the problem we’re talking
about. Blind signing, in its simplest form, means confirming a blockchain-
based smart contract you don’t know the full details of – something that has
become commonplace in crypto due to how the space has evolved.

### Wallets Struggle to Display Smart Contracts

[Crypto wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-
crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet) – both software and hardware varieties, have
difficulty with smart contracts, for different reasons.

  * Hardware Wallets – Can’t Display Smart Contract Details

Traditionally, crypto hardware wallets were designed to handle simple
transfers of value, but smart contracts are more complex – the wallet can
understand the conditions, but it cannot display them to you in a format
you’ll understand. It’s a simple case of technology outpacing its tools, and
leaves you needing to sign transactions based on trust, without any real
guarantees about what’s inside.

Private messages are a hotbed for this type of threat. A recent incident saw
scammers posing as OpenSea tech admins on Discord. An experienced collector
looking for technical help started a conversation about his account, believing
he was talking to a service advisor. In the course of the chat the advisor
asked him to approve a transaction call – showing no contract details – using
his Ledger device. In reality, the transaction he was verifying provided
access to his vault, and the advisor was really a fraud – the entire scenario
was the staging for a scam.

  * Software Wallets – No Trusted Display

We know what you’re thinking: software wallets are designed for interactions
with NFT and DeFi platforms, and can easily read and display full transaction
details for you to inspect. But there is no way of _verifying_ that what you
see is what you’re signing. Why is that?

Software wallets, by their definition, are always connected to the internet.
This means hacks can be deployed to tamper with your wallet’s display (check
out [Man in the Middle Attacks](https://www.ledger.com/man-middle-attack-risk)
for more on that), meaning you can never be totally sure of what you’re
agreeing to. Imagine confirming a transaction to buy a new NFT, and realising
within seconds that it was really an agreement to give a scammer access to all
the NFTs in your wallet? This is one of the key vulnerabilities of using a
software wallet – not to mention, [your private keys are always
online](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-the-trust-zone/why-an-offline-
key-is-the-only-key).

So in short, no matter what type of wallet you’re using, chances are you won’t
always have full transparency over your smart contract interactions. This is
where Ledger is changing things.

## Clear Signing With Ledger Live Integrations

Ledger’s mission is to bring transparency to every transaction you carry out
on your wallet. To achieve this, we’ve enabled “clear signing”- when full
smart contract transaction details can be displayed on the device’s trusted
screen – with every one of our integrated apps within the [Discovery section
of Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-
live#:~:text=Key%20Takeaways%3A,one%20app%2C%20wherever%20you%20go.).

No matter how quickly Ledger is integrating new apps within its secure
ecosystem, you’ll likely still want to use non-integrated platforms at times
as you make the most of Web3. During these transactions, you’ll be prompted to
“ _enable blind signing_ ” on your device in order to interact.

## Enable Blind Signing Explained

When you [enable blind signing](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4405481324433-Enable-blind-signing-in-the-Ethereum-ETH-
app?docs=true), you enable your device to approve a smart contract
transaction, even though it hasn’t been able to display full contract data to
you. In other words, you’re agreeing to _trust_ , instead of _verify_ , the
transaction.

If this sounds like more of a risk, that’s because it is. [Blind
signing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-weakness-blind-
signing-explained) by definition lacks vital transparency – but with the dApp
and DeFi ecosystem expanding so rapidly, it’s a process that sometimes cannot
be avoided.

In these cases, _you are the gatekeeper_ for your crypto: that means doing
some due diligence to ensure things check out before you sign. So what other
indicators can you look at to check that your transaction is credible and
safe?

## Enable Blind Signing Check List – DYOR for your Transactions

Let’s be clear from the start: none of these factors will give you the same
transparency or security as seeing the contract data itself. However, using
this checklist can help you identify nefarious transactions, and safeguard
your private keys as you interact. These points should be top of mind any time
you “enable blind signing”. Let’s do a quick run-down of the essentials.

  1. Check the URL of the website you’re interacting with (develop) – fake sites are a great pretext for blind signing scams to be deployed.
  2. Ensure the dApp you’re transacting with is one you’ve heard of before – authenticity and reputation are key indicators when it comes to building a profile, and this means only transacting on reputable platforms. 
  3. NEVER interact with anyone who sent you a private message on Discord, Twitter or any other social platform – remember, in Web3, nobody has any reason to reach out to you personally. 
  4. Always use a hardware wallet – this means you can still make sure those all-important private keys stay offline as you interact, giving you a security baseline.
  5. After you’ve completed your transaction, use the settings in your app to disable blind signing once again.
  6. And HEY – NEVER GIVER YOUR SEED PHRASE TO ANYONE. CAPICHE??

## Minimize Your Risk: Set Up A Warm Wallet

There is one final point we need to mention here – and it might be the most
important of all. A warm wallet is another name for whatever wallet you’re
using to interact with [smart
contracts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-contract)
– your active Web3 wallet, in effect.

So say you’re using a Ledger device to secure your
[NFT](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-security-through-ledger-live)
collection – under no circumstances should you be securing your collection
using the same wallet you sign smart contracts with. Why? Because if you make
a mistake, or sign a malicious transaction, _your entire collection is at
risk._

Instead, you should always segregate your assets into different wallets, and
dedicate just one of these wallets, for interacting with smart contracts. This
means you can move only what you need (when you need it) into your warm wallet
– and the rest of your collection is protected even if you make the wrong call
when signing a smart contract.

## Transparency, Security, Education – the Crypto Trinity

Ledger is not just about securing your private keys – our MO here at the
Academy is giving you the information you need to be completely autonomous and
secure as you explore Web3. It’s not about us – it’s about you.

Ledger’s goal is to bring complete transparency to every interaction, the
whole objective of our integrations. But where this isn’t possible, we still
have you covered – making sure you’re literate enough in Web3 to safely
navigate it.

### Knowledge is power.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/06/33-min-1-1024x576.png)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-
of-block/blind-signing-the-crypto-attack-vector-you-must-be-aware-of)

_Blind signing is the only scam in crypto that relies on YOU opening the door
– so understanding its finer points is absolutely essential for you to be an
effective gatekeeper. Luckily,**School of Block** has you covered._

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-
blind-signing-why-when-and-how-to-stay-safe
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Enable%20Blind%20Signing%3A%20Why%2C%20When%20and%20How%20to%20Stay%20Safe&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-
blind-signing-why-when-and-how-to-stay-safe
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-blind-signing-
why-when-and-how-to-stay-safe
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fenable-
blind-signing-why-when-and-how-to-stay-
safe&title=Enable%20Blind%20Signing%3A%20Why%2C%20When%20and%20How%20to%20Stay%20Safe
"Reddit")

[ Next up: How Can You Sign Online Transactions When Your…
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-can-you-sign-online-transactions-when-
your-private-key-is-offline "How Can You Sign Online Transactions When Your
Private Key is Offline? ")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/habilitar-a-assinatura-cega-porque-quando-e-como-se-proteger)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

