[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL21hbmFnaW5nLXJpc2tzLXdpdGgtaGVkZ2UtbW9kZS1pbi1jcnlwdG8tZnV0dXJlcy10cmFkaW5nLTMzNDUyNzUzMzk5NjE5NzEwODI%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mdXR1cmVzL21hbmFnaW5nLXJpc2tzLXdpdGgtaGVkZ2UtbW9kZS1pbi1jcnlwdG8tZnV0dXJlcy10cmFkaW5nLTMzNDUyNzUzMzk5NjE5NzEwODI%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Managing Risks With Hedge Mode in Crypto Futures Trading

2023-11-15

Disclaimer: _Digital asset prices can be volatile. Not financial advice. Do
your own research. See full terms_[
__here__](https://www.binance.com/en/live/content-terms) _and our risk
warning_[ __here__](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _and below.
Binance Futures products are restricted in certain countries and to certain
users. This communication is not intended for users/countries to which
restrictions apply._

##  Main Takeaways

  * Hedge mode is a trading strategy primarily used in futures trading to mitigate risk exposure. 

  * It entails opening both long and short positions on the same contract simultaneously to profit from market fluctuations while reducing potential losses.

  * One-way mode permits a single-direction position, contrasting Hedge Mode's dual-direction approach.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231115/5797b3f3-fdb5-407a-af27-efe6565bd059)

Risk management and portfolio diversification are critical aspects of trading
strategies, especially during extremely volatile market conditions. One
approach that allows traders to take advantage of market movements, regardless
of the direction, is hedging practices. Hedging typically enables investors to
offset investment losses while maintaining their exposure to the market.

[_Cryptocurrency hedging_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/how-
hedging-works-in-crypto-and-seven-hedging-strategies-you-need-to-know) is a
risk management strategy to minimize losses by taking an offsetting position
in a related cryptocurrency or derivative. It involves taking a primary
position, identifying market risks, and then taking a counterposition – a
position in a related cryptocurrency asset or derivative anticipated to move
in the opposite direction of the primary position. But what if a trader could
open two opposing positions on the same derivative? This is where Hedge Mode
comes in.

This comprehensive article delves deep into the Hedge Mode concept in futures
trading, its applications, and how it differs from the traditional one-way
approach.

## **What Is the Difference between One-Way Mode and Hedge Mode?**

One-way mode refers to a trading strategy involving opening a position in one
direction only – long or short – under a single contract at a specific time.
This is opposed to the Hedge Mode’s capacity to allow traders to open two
opposite positions simultaneously.

For instance, a trader can open a long position anticipating that the
underlying cryptocurrency’s price will go up in a short timeframe. The trader
may also intend to open a short position, speculating that the price will
depreciate in a longer timeframe. However, in one-way mode, opening two
opposite directions under the same contract would either cancel each other out
or significantly reduce their sizes.

## **Hedge Mode Trading Strategy**

Hedge Mode is a trading strategy primarily used in futures trading to mitigate
risk exposure to the market’s directional movement. It entails opening both
long and short positions on the same contract simultaneously to profit from
market fluctuations while reducing potential losses.

While the leverage used in [_futures
contracts_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/futures-contract) can
amplify potential profits, it also exposes investors to amplified market
risks. To mitigate this, Hedge Mode aids futures traders to strike a delicate
balance between potential gains and risk reduction. The essence of the Hedge
Mode is in the simultaneous execution of two opposing positions – long and
short.

Hedge mode strategy acknowledges the unpredictability and volatile nature of
cryptocurrencies. Its primary goal is risk mitigation, allowing investors to
balance their exposure to the futures market. If one position suffers losses,
gains in the opposite position help offset those losses, reducing overall risk
exposure.

If a trader opens a long position, they have purchased a futures contract
speculating that the underlying cryptocurrency’s price will appreciate. This
would result in a profit when they eventually close their position. At the
same time, the trader opens a short position on the same contract. The trader
typically sells cryptocurrency assets they do not own, anticipating that its
price will decline at a future date. In this scenario, the short position acts
as a hedge against the long position and vice versa.

**Example:**

Suppose Jane is trading BTC/USDT pairs in the Binance Futures market, using
the Hedge Mode preference. Assuming she opens a 10 BTC long position and at
the same time opens a 5 BTC short position in the BTC/USDT pair.  If the
BTC/USDT price moves from 26,000 USDT to 30,000 USDT, the net profit of her
long position and short position will be as follows:

**Net Profit/Loss = (Long Position - Short Position) * Profit/Loss**

**(10 - 5) * (30,000 - 26, 000)**

**5 * 4,000 = 20,000 USDT**

If the price moves declines instead, say from 26,000 to 21,000, the net profit
would be:

**(10 - 5) * (21,000 - 26, 000)**

**5 * (-5,000) = - 25,000 USDT**

Note that the potential loss is significantly less compared to if she had only
opened a long position and the trend had not gone her way. Eg. 10* (-5,000) =
50,000 USDT

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231115/9de9d1ad-
cd3a-4609-8974-64c2b29aa239)

## **General Use Cases for Hedge Mode**

Hedge Mode strategy can be used for:

  * **Position insurance:** Hedge mode may provide a safety net for traders during periods of market uncertainty, such as the onset of bearish trends or significant market news. By holding both long and short positions at the same time, traders reduce their dependence on a ‘one-way’ price movement. This is especially useful when the market trend does not go their way, ensuring that they collect potential profits and offset their potential losses. Put it this way, Hedge Mode can be used to make potential profits on both the rise and fall of the underlying cryptocurrency’s price.

  * **Event-based trading:** This strategy may also be useful around major crypto events and news such as hard forks and regulatory announcements. Such events often influence price movements and employing Hedge Mode may aid traders mitigate the associated risks.

  * **Trading volatile altcoins:** Compared to blue chip cryptocurrencies, most altcoins often exhibit more significant price fluctuations. Futures traders may use Hedge Mode to take advantage of such rapid price movements while protecting their capital.

  * **Detailed Position Analysis** : In Hedge Mode, a trader can separately analyze the performance of their long and short positions for the same cryptocurrency pair. This granular level of detail aids in better understanding which aspects of their strategy are most effective and how different market conditions affect each side of their trade.

  * **Accurate Performance Tracking:** When a trader reverses a trade in One-Way Mode, there's a risk of losing track of individual trade performance, as positions are aggregated. Hedge Mode, by maintaining distinct records for long and short positions, allows traders to retain a clear view of their trading history, costs, and the profitability of each trade.

## **How can Using Hedge Mode be More Beneficial Than Closing and Reopening
Positions in Volatile Markets?**

The question of whether using Hedge Mode is more beneficial than closing and
reopening positions in volatile markets arises from the need to understand the
strategic value of maintaining simultaneous long and short positions, as
opposed to simply exiting the market and re-entering later. This inquiry is
particularly relevant in the context of Jane's trading scenario:

Jane has a 10 BTC long position and, foreseeing potential short-term
volatility, decides to open a 5 BTC short position in Hedge Mode. If the
market goes up, her net position (the difference between her long and short
positions) gains from the rise, albeit at a reduced rate due to the short
position. Conversely, if the market falls, her short position mitigates the
losses from her long position. Essentially, Jane's net exposure to BTC's price
movement is equivalent to being long 5 BTC due to the hedged short position.

However, the outcome seems similar to if Jane had simply reduced her long
position from 10 BTC to 5 BTC, thus being less exposed to volatility.

This similarity in net exposure raises the question of why a trader would opt
for Hedge Mode instead of adjusting their overall position size by reducing
their open position, or closing and reopening trades:

  * **Continuous Market Participation:** With Hedge Mode, traders like Jane can stay in the market continuously, maintaining their long-term positions while using short-term hedges to navigate volatility. This continuous participation avoids the risks associated with trying to time the market for exits and entries, which can be particularly challenging during periods of high volatility.

  * **Cost Efficiency:** Hedge Mode can be more cost-efficient than closing and reopening positions. Each trade potentially incurs transaction fees, spread costs, and slippage, especially in volatile markets where prices can change rapidly. Hedging allows traders to adjust their net exposure without incurring these costs.

  * **Strategic Flexibility:** Hedging provides strategic flexibility, allowing traders to quickly adjust their market stance in response to changing information without closing their core positions. This rapid response can be critical in volatile markets where opportunities and risks can arise suddenly.

  * **Tax Considerations:** Depending on the jurisdiction, unrealized gains or losses from open positions may be treated differently for tax purposes compared to realized gains or losses from closed positions. Hedge Mode enables traders to potentially manage their tax liabilities more effectively.

  * **Psychological Advantages:** Traders may find it psychologically easier to hedge a position rather than close it. This is because hedging avoids the psychological impact of realising a loss and the subsequent pressure to "get back in" at the right time.

  * **Leverage Management:** In futures trading which involves leverage, using Hedge Mode allows traders to manage their leverage ratios more precisely, as they can maintain different levels of leverage on their long and short positions.

## **Switching Between Hedge Mode and One-Way Mode on Binance Futures**

By default, the position mode is set to one-way mode. To open a position in
Hedge Mode, the user has to change Position Mode in the Preference settings
from one-way mode to Hedge Mode.

1.**** Open the trading interface and click
**[**[_**USDⓈ-M**_](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/BTCUSDT)**]** or
**[**[_**COIN-M**_](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery/btcusd_perpetual)**]**
on the top navigation bar.2. Click the settings icon at the top right and
select **[Preference]** \- **[Position Mode].**  

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231115/c9a8131d-b1ee-477c-9868-cfd6a9c5f213)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231115/59898375-c11b-4bd5-a7da-76904c1c29a6)

3\. Select **[One-Way Mode]** or **[Hedge Mode].  **

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231115/786d9ca2-b597-4ff5-b647-59be7f1ec870)

**Please note that Position Mode cannot be adjusted while you have open
positions or open orders.  **

## **Closing Thoughts**

In the rapidly evolving world of cryptocurrency trading often characterised by
high volatility, Hedge Mode emerges as a strategic tool for traders seeking to
balance risk and reward. By enabling the simultaneous holding of both long and
short positions on the same contract, Hedge Mode offers a nuanced approach to
risk management, allowing traders to safeguard against market downturns while
remaining positioned to capitalise on upward trends.

Hedge Mode's relevance is especially pronounced in scenarios of market
uncertainty, where sudden price swings can erode potential profits or amplify
potential losses. By offering a buffer against these abrupt movements, Hedge
Mode helps in maintaining a more stable trading environment, where the focus
shifts from short-term fluctuations to more strategic, long-term trading
goals.

## Further Reading

  * [ _(FAQ) What is Hedge Mode and How to Use It?_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-hedge-mode-and-how-to-use-it-360041513552)

  * [_(FAQ) How to Open or Close Position in Hedge Mode_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-open-or-close-position-in-hedge-mode-360041515312)

  * [ _(Blog) 3 Reasons Why Binance Futures Is The Preferred Hedging Venue For Traders_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/futures/3-reasons-why-binance-futures-is-the-preferred-hedging-venue-for-traders-421499824684900410)

**Risk Warning:**

_No Representation  _

_This content is presented to you on an "as is" basis for general information
and educational purposes only, without representation or warranty of any kind.
It is not intended or should not be construed as financial or investment
advice, nor is it to recommend or intend to recommend the purchase or sale of
any specific product(s) or service(s)._

_Hypothetical Performance Results_

 _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your investment may go
down or up, and you may not get back the amount invested. Any results posted
herein are intended as examples only to provide you with a reference of what
potentially could have made or lost trading with the technical indicators and
tools, but are in no way a reflection of what you could have made or lost in
the same situation. Therefore, you should not rely on the results as a
representation of what your returns or losses would have been utilizing such
technical indicators. There are numerous other factors related to the market
in general or to the implementation of any specific trading program which
cannot be fully accounted for in the preparation of hypothetical performance
results and all of which can adversely affect actual trading results. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future
performance, and no representation or warranty, expressed or implied is made
regarding future performance._

_Responsibilities  _

_You are solely responsible for your investment decisions, and Binance is not
liable for any losses or damages you may incur. The risk warning described
herein is not exhaustive, therefore you should carefully consider your
investment experience, financial situation, investment objective, risk
tolerance level and consult your independent financial adviser as to the
suitability of your situation prior making any investment. For more
information, see our Terms of Use and Risk Warning._

_The products and services referred to herein may be restricted in certain
jurisdictions or regions or to certain users in accordance with applicable
legal and regulatory requirements. You are solely responsible for informing
yourself about and observing any restrictions and/or requirements imposed with
respect to the access to and use of any products and services offered by or
available through Binance in each country or region from which they are
accessed by you or on your behalf. Binance reserves the right to change,
modify or impose additional restrictions with respect to the access to and use
of any products and/or services offered from time to time in its sole
discretion at any time without notification._

195,037,746 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Managing Risks With Hedge Mode in Crypto Futures Trading

Main Takeaways

What Is the Difference between One-Way Mode and Hedge Mode?

Hedge Mode Trading Strategy

General Use Cases for Hedge Mode

How can Using Hedge Mode be More Beneficial Than Closing and Reopening
Positions in Volatile Markets?

Switching Between Hedge Mode and One-Way Mode on Binance Futures

Closing Thoughts

Further Reading

195,037,746 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

