[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Trade, Swap, or Convert: 3 Ways to Buy Crypto for Binance Launchpool

2021-02-25

 _Read this guide to learn to easily convert your crypto into BNB, BUSD,   or
BETH, to participate in _[Binance
Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en) _and earn passive income in the
latest tokens coming to Binance._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210225/e411e38c-c20c-438e-a694-f89155ebf649.png)  

Binance Launchpool gives you the opportunity to participate in token launches
for the upcoming Binance listings. The way it works is that you pick a
Launchpool offering you want to join, select the pool based on your preference
and APY, and stake one of the supported assets (or all of them if you wish).  

To participate in Binance Launchpool, you need to hold the correct assets that
you can stake. The most regular assets used in Launchpool are BNB, BETH, and
BUSD, so it’s a good idea to stock up on these if you want to regularly
participate. If you don’t have any, don’t despair. In this guide, we’ll show
you three simple and fast ways to convert the assets you have into BNB, BETH,
or BUSD.

## **Buy BNB, BETH, or BUSD Via Spot Trading**

The most popular method to get BNB, BETH, BUSD, or just about any crypto you
need is still through the [Binance Spot
exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/markets). Binance’s original service
since 2017 provides some of the most active and liquid markets in the world
for your crypto.

Step 1: **Log in to your account**. If you don’t have an account yet,
[register](https://www.binance.com/en/register?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=binance&utm_campaign=en-register) today, and deposit funds or
[buy crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-
crypto?fiat=USD&crypto=BTC&amount&ref=CZP483Q2?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=fiat&utm_campaign=en-buy-crypto).

Step 2: **Select a trading pair**. There are more than 270 trading pairs that
include [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-
BNB?ref=VJ9G6UC4?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=bnb&utm_campaign=buy-bnb), [BUSD](https://www.binance.com/en-
AU/trade/BUSD_USDT), or [BETH](https://www.binance.com/en-AU/trade/BETH_ETH).
Choose a trading pair that includes the crypto you already hold and one of the
three tokens you need for the Launchpool.

Step 3: **Place an order**. If the crypto you’re buying (BNB, BUSD, or BETH)
is mentioned first in the pair (e.g., BNB / BTC), choose Buy. Then enter the
amount of the crypto you’re willing to spend, and set the price you want for a
[limit order](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-a-limit-order).
For market orders, you only need to enter how much crypto you’ll spend.

If the crypto you’re buying is mentioned second in the pair (e.g., BTC /
BUSD), select Sell. Then enter how much crypto you’re willing to spend to
obtain BUSD, and set the price for it in a limit order or let the prevailing
rate apply in the case of a market order.

**This method works best for BETH.**

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210225/8e6838d5-1560-4b9b-ae2f-81d5e1d3e8b9.jpg)

## **Get BUSD Via Binance Liquid Swap**

Another option that has become increasingly popular is [Binance Liquid
Swap](https://www.binance.com/en/swap?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=email&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
email&utm_content=liquid-swap&utm_campaign=try-liquid). This is Binance’s
DeFi-like solution for swapping one token in exchange for another, with fees
that are lower than even the rates on the Spot exchange. There are 13 pairs
right now on Liquid Swap, with seven of them including BUSD. Here are the
steps on how to get BUSD from Liquid Swap:

Step 1: **Go to Liquid Swap**. Make sure that the crypto you’ll use to swap
for BUSD is on your Spot wallet.

Step 2: **Select the token you have under Sell**. On Liquid Swap, you can buy
BUSD by selling USDT, DAI, EUR, ETH, AUD, or BTC.

Step 3: **Select BUSD under Buy**. The system will automatically display the
amount of BUSD you’ll receive in this transaction. You’ll see the prevailing
price, the fee involved, and the slippage, or the possible deviation of the
actual price from the prevailing price due to market specifics in the
liquidity pools. Don’t worry, the slippage is usually zero or too little to
think about.

Step 4: **Click Swap**. The transaction takes less than a second, and your
newly bought BUSD will be in your Spot wallet immediately.

**This method works best for BUSD.**

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210225/fd9ef528-c9cb-45c7-8ed6-15f08e1ff01d.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/swap?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=email&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
email&utm_content=liquid-swap&utm_campaign=try-liquid)

## **Buy BNB or BUSD Via the Binance Convert & OTC Portal**

There’s another method available if you want to gain BNB or BUSD for use on
Launchpool: the recently launched **Binance**[Convert & OTC
Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/convert?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=email&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
email&utm_content=liquid-swap&utm_campaign=try-liquid), which supports instant
conversions and zero fees. You can use this platform with as little as 10 USDT
or as much as 100,000 USDT (minimum and maximum amounts may vary depending on
the crypto you use) to turn your crypto into another kind of token in seconds.
There is a range of different cryptocurrencies available to convert to BUSD,
including popular assets BTC, ETH, LTC; stablecoins: USDT, USDC, TUSD; DeFi
tokens: UNI as well as community-driven tokens DOGE and DOT with limits from
$10 to $4M per order.

Step 1: **Go to Convert & OTC**. Make sure that the crypto you’ll use to swap
for BNB/BUSD is on your Spot wallet.

Step 2: **Select the token you have under From and BNB or BUSD under To**. You
can choose to enter the number of tokens you want to use on the From side or
the number of tokens you want to gain on the To side.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210225/57a5c62b-a91e-4c9c-be1e-f786840d7e63.jpg)](https://www.binance.com/en/convert?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=email&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
email&utm_content=liquid-swap&utm_campaign=try-liquid)

Step 3: **Click Preview Conversion**. You will then see the price quote for
the transaction you’re considering. You have 5 seconds to approve the quote
shown to you and fulfill the deal. If the 5 seconds expire, click Refresh to
get a new rate.

Step 4: **Click Convert**. The transaction takes less than a second, and
you’ll see the BUSD you bought in your Spot Wallet.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210225/d27241ce-0143-4c95-9ebf-
ea8dbdd520d0.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/convert?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=email&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
email&utm_content=liquid-swap&utm_campaign=try-liquid)

**This method works best for BNB and BUSD.**

## **Putting your BNB, BUSD, or BETH on Binance Launchpool**

Regardless of the option you choose, the BNB, BUSD, or BETH you received will
be available in your Spot Wallet. The Spot wallet is also used as a default
wallet for the Launchpool funding, so you don’t need to move your funds
anywhere to use them in Launchpool.

Here are the steps for joining Binance Launchpool:

**Step 1:** Go to the [Binance Launchpool
website](https://launchpad.binance.com/en?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=launchpool&utm_campaign=en-launchpool),

**Step 2:** Look for the project you want to participate in, locate the pool
that corresponds to the crypto you have, and click Stake Now.

**Step 3:** Once you see the webpage for that pool, click Stake, enter the
amount you want to put in the pool, and click Stake again.

**Step 4:** Once your tokens are in, you can check the webpage for your
selected pool from time to time to see how much tokens you have earned.

And just like that, you now have multiple options in terms of joining Binance
Launchpool, regardless of the tokens you hold right now. Take a look at the
latest offers available on Launchpool and put your crypto to use.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20210225/53e14ef3-fbed-4e70-9228-ca471d58daf3.jpg)](https://launchpad.binance.com/en?ref=C9EBBLU1?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=launchpool&utm_campaign=en-launchpool)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Trade, Swap, or Convert: 3 Ways to Buy Crypto for Binance Launchpool

Buy BNB, BETH, or BUSD Via Spot Trading

Get BUSD Via Binance Liquid Swap

Buy BNB or BUSD Via the Binance Convert & OTC Portal

Putting your BNB, BUSD, or BETH on Binance Launchpool

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

