Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# Digital Assets are Coming of Age

  *  __ October 14, 2020
  *  __9 min
  *  __Adrien Treccani (Founder and CEO at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdigital-assets-are-coming-of-age%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdigital-assets-are-coming-of-age%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

I always know when public interest in the crypto market  — and broadly in
digital assets — is picking up: my phone rings. It’s journalists looking for
commentary. Friends looking for tips. Bankers looking for advice.

In 2018, my phone didn’t ring much. In 2019, it rang a bit more often. And now
it’s buzzing quite a lot. However, there’s a clear difference between 2017 and
now.

This time, there’s no runaway speculative bubble. Instead, we see the steady
rise of a market built on firm footings: maturing technology, crystallizing
use cases, regulatory tailwinds and growing demand from institutional
customers.

This shift that is underway will have a profound impact, especially for
financial institutions. Here’s what underpins it and why.

###

### We’re through the digital assets hype cycle

My journey with crypto started in 2011, when I boarded the metaphorical train.
I was completing my PhD in mathematical finance with a specialization in high
performance computing.

Bitcoin was not so far away from what I was doing, so I started to investigate
it and gradually moved into trading it. At the time, there weren’t so many
people on the ride with me. It was a risky business: lots of platforms were
getting hacked and people, including myself, were regularly losing their
coins.

> “ _**Bubbles are an essential stage in the development of transformative
> technologies” — William H. Janeway**_

But people continued to join in. People like me were intellectually stimulated
by the possibilities of trustless, stateless banking as well as the
implications of putting law into code through smart contracts.

And so, we worked on developing use cases and applications. At the same time,
law enforcers started to weed out some of the worst actors.

The market then started to capture the attention of venture capitalists as
well as speculators. And soon, lots of people piled onto the train until it
became ridiculously and unsustainably crowded.

The fear of missing out was driving a massive bubble. In Warren Buffet terms,
even the shoeshine boy had a crypto portfolio.

When the inevitable crash came, I — like others — stayed on the train and the
train has kept moving.

**People forget two things about bubbles.**  First, [— as William H. Janeway
tells us](https://www.amazon.com/Doing-Capitalism-Innovation-Economy-
Speculation/dp/1107031257), bubbles are an essential stage in the development
of transformative technologies. They provide funding for the deployment phase.
The second thing is that there is always a lag between the installation and
deployment periods, which is when people become overexuberant: we overestimate
the near-term impact, but underestimate the long term effect.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/metaco-diagram-digital-
assets-hype-cycle-1280x577.jpeg?x88149)

Metaco Diagram - Digital Assets Hype Cycle

Once the dust of the initial shakeout settles and the hot money is taken away,
the time comes to build something stable, strong, with a vision for the long
haul.

### These conditions are taking crypto into the mainstream

If you got off the train or never joined it at all, here’s an update on what’s
been happening.

#### **THE TECHNOLOGY AROUND DIGITAL ASSETS HAS BEEN MATURING**

Obviously, security is critical to the integrity of this nascent market. If we
can’t keep keys and tokens secure, people won’t feel confident transacting
digital assets. But, we now have institutional-grade technology that is:

  * built on top of secure hardware and multiparty computation
  * scaled to meet the needs of tier 1 banks
  * integrated with third-party core banking systems and infrastructure providers
  * vetted and implemented by the largest system integrators.
  * 

#### **REGULATORY HURDLES ARE DISAPPEARING TOO**

Every month, another country passes legislation that clarifies the rules
around blockchain and digital assets, easing the passage of these assets into
mainstream adoption.

For instance, in July, the US Office of the Comptroller of the Currency (OCC)
[announced that all federally chartered banks can provide custody service for
crypto assets](https://www.occ.gov/news-issuances/news-releases/2020/nr-
occ-2020-98.html).

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/metaco-diagram-digital-
assets-perfect-storm-1280x586.jpeg?x88149)

Metaco Diagram - Digital Assets Perfect Storm

#### **CENTRAL BANKS ARE ALSO BECOMING INTERESTED IN DIGITAL CURRENCIES,**

recognizing the advantages of digital currencies to effectively implement and
govern monetary policy. Contrast the situation in the US and China during the
pandemic: in the same week that the US government was printing off and posting
stimulus checks, the Chinese were beta-testing a digital renminbi in four
major cities.

###

### Banks are key to the next phase of digital assets market evolution…

Most importantly, **institutional interest in this space is growing
strongly**. This is where I have a privileged view because we are in
discussions with dozens of banks, pretty much everywhere in the world. We see
that demand is increasing strongly. Banks and custodians who are investing in
digital assets infrastructure will be productive in just a couple of years.  
We’ve moved beyond the innovators like Fidelity to the early majority of
institutions, like Standard Chartered (a Metaco investor). They recognize that
staying competitive and delivering what customers want will require a set of
**digital assets services underpinned by secure custody**.

### …and stand to be main beneficiaries

The prize for banks and custodians is massive and comes at a time when many of
the existing revenue lines are under attack.

According to the World Economic Forum, the market for tokenized assets alone
will hit $24 trillion by 2027, but that’s just the tip of the iceberg. For a
comprehensive perspective, look at the market potential more in the context of
all capital markets (worth $350 trillion).

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/metaco-diagram-
potential-market-size-for-digital-assets-scaled-1-1280x667.jpeg?x88149)

Metaco Diagram - Potential Market Size for Digital Assets

Incumbent banks are well positioned to capture this opportunity. They’re
trusted (they have been safeguarding client assets for generations), they are
already regulated, they’re experts in structured products and capital markets,
and they already have large customer bases.

However, moving into digital assets is both an offensive and a defensive move.
[According to McKinsey](https://www.mckinsey.com/industries/financial-
services/our-insights/remaking-the-bank-for-an-ecosystem-world), 65% of bank
profits today come from distributing and selling banking products (including
payments). This is the part of the value chain with the lowest barriers to
entry, where banks are losing ground to fintechs and big tech platforms.

So, digital assets represent an opportunity **to tap a significant new revenue
stream**  which can more than compensate for revenue lines foregone to new
entrants. What’s more, it unlocks access to revenue lines with higher margins
and lower asset intensity.

### A virtuous cycle is forming

The challenge with the crypto asset market until now has been one of
volatility generated by lack of liquidity. Because retail customers and their
banks perceived a set of significant risks around these assets, they were
reluctant to invest in them (and when they did, it caused a bubble).

Consequently, the investments to underpin the confidence of these retail
investors were never made. The large custodians stayed away and it remained a
small and volatile market.

However, the situation is now changing. The train kept moving after the crash,
the technology matured, the regulatory picture changed.

What’s more, central banks started experimenting and, critically, institutions
have been investing in this market ever since.

As a result, we’re moving into a virtuous cycle where, with institutional
backing, retail investors and their banks feel increasingly comfortable with
investing in this market: already today, [over 130m people hold cryptocurrency
accounts](https://www.jbs.cam.ac.uk/faculty-research/centres/alternative-
finance/publications/2nd-global-cryptoasset-benchmark-study/#.X33CmWgzaUl).

The actions of these players are increasing the liquidity and predictability
of digital assets, in turn attracting more institutional and retail
investment, thus creating self-reinforcing — and this time _sustainable_  —
growth in the digital asset market.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/metaco-diagram-digital-
assets-entering-a-virtuous-cycle-of-exponential-growth-
scaled-1-1280x617.jpeg?x88149)

Metaco Diagram - Digital Assets entering a virtuous cycle of exponential
growth

### Digital assets are finally coming of age!

If you got off the train, there’s still time to get back on. If you never
boarded, now is the time. If, until now, no one got fired for ignoring crypto,
soon that won’t be the case.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

