Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# What is Ethereum?

The foundation for our digital future

A complete beginner's guide to how Ethereum works, the benefits it brings and
how it's being used by millions of people around the world.

Let's start

![Illustration of a person peering into a bazaar, meant to represent
Ethereum](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwhat-is-
ethereum.b37ce60e.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Summary

Ethereum is a network of computers all over the world that follow a set of
rules called the Ethereum protocol. The Ethereum network acts as the
foundation for communities, applications, organizations and digital assets
that anyone can build and use.

You can create an Ethereum account from anywhere, at any time, and explore a
world of apps or build your own. The core innovation is that you can do all
this without trusting a central authority that could change the rules or
restrict your access.

Keep reading to learn more‚Ä¶

  
  

## What can Ethereum do?

![üè¶](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f3e6.svg)

### Banking for everyone

Not everyone has access to financial services. But all you need to access
Ethereum and the lending, borrowing and savings products built on it is an
internet connection.

![üïµ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f575.svg)

### An open internet

Anyone can interact with Ethereum network or build applications on it. This
allows you to control your own assets and identity, instead of them being
controlled by a few mega-corporations.

![üë•](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f465.svg)

### A peer-to-peer network

Ethereum allows you to coordinate, make agreements or transfer digital assets
directly with other people. You don't need to rely on intermediaries.

![üõ°Ô∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6e1.svg)

### Censorship-resistant

No government or company has control over Ethereum. Decentralization makes it
nearly impossible for anyone to stop you from receiving payments or using
services on Ethereum.

![üõçÔ∏è](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f6cd.svg)

### Commerce guarantees

Customers have a secure, built-in guarantee that funds will only change hands
if you provide what was agreed. Likewise, developers can have certainty that
the rules won't change on them.

![ü§ù](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f91d.svg)

### Composable products

All apps are built on the same blockchain with a shared global state, meaning
they can build off each other (like Lego bricks). This allows for better
products and experiences and assurances that no-one can remove any tools apps
rely upon.

What is a blockchain?What is a cryptocurrency?

**A blockchain is a database of transactions** that is updated and shared
across many computers in a network. Every time a new set of transactions is
added, its called a ‚Äúblock‚Äù - hence the name blockchain. Public blockchains
like Ethereum allow anyone to add, but not remove, data. If someone wanted to
alter any of the information or cheat the system, they‚Äôd need to do so on the
majority of computers on the network. That is a lot! This makes decentralized
blockchains like Ethereum highly secure.

Cryptocurrency is a term used to describe many types of fungible digital
tokens secured using a blockchain. It all started with Bitcoin. Bitcoin can be
used to transfer value between two parties without having to trust a
middleman. You only have to trust the Bitcoin code, which is all open and
freely available.

The reason assets such as bitcoin and ether are called ‚Äúcryptocurrencies‚Äù is
that the security of your data and assets is guaranteed by _cryptography_ ,
not by trusting an institution or corporation to act honestly.

Ethereum has its own native cryptocurrency, ether (ETH), which is used to pay
for certain activities on the network. It can be transferred to other users or
swapped for other tokens on Ethereum. Ether is special because it is used to
pay for the computation required to build and run apps and organizations on
Ethereum.

## Why would I use Ethereum?

If you're interested in more resilient, open, and trustworthy ways to
coordinate globally, create organizations, build apps and share value,
Ethereum is for you. Ethereum is a story that is written by all of us, so come
and discover what incredible worlds we can build with it together.

Ethereum has also been invaluable for people who have had to handle
uncertainty around the security or soundness or mobility of their assets due
to external forces outside of their control.

### Cheaper and Faster Crossborder Payments

**Stablecoins** are a novel type of cryptocurrency that relies on a more
stable asset as the basis for its value. Most of them are linked to the United
States dollar and therefore maintain the value of that currency. These allow
for a very cheap and stable global payment system. Many current stablecoins
are built on the Ethereum network.

Ethereum and stablecoins simplify the process of sending money overseas. It
often takes only few minutes to move funds across the globe, as opposed to the
several business days or even weeks that it may take your average bank, and
for a fraction of the price. Additionally, there is no extra fee for making a
high value transaction, and there are zero restrictions on where or why you
are sending your money.

### The Quickest Help in Times of Crisis

If you are lucky enough to have multiple banking options through trusted
institutions where you live, you may take for granted the financial freedom,
security and stability that they offer. But for many people around the world
facing political repression or economic hardship, financial institutions may
not provide the protection or services they need.

When war, economic catastrophes or crackdowns on civil liberties struck the
residents of [Venezuela(opens in a new tab)](https://time.com/5486673/bitcoin-
venezuela-authoritarian/), [Cuba(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.economist.com/the-americas/2021/10/30/cubas-communist-
regime-is-trying-to-control-crypto), [Afghanistan(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.aljazeera.com/news/2022/3/21/crypto-provides-fix-for-some-
in-crisis-hit-afghanistan), [Nigeria(opens in a new
tab)](https://qz.com/africa/1922466/how-bitcoin-powered-nigerias-endsars-
protests/), [Belarus(opens in a new tab)](https://www.euronews.com/my-
europe/2021/12/22/meet-the-ngo-turning-to-cryptocurrencies-to-help-desperate-
belarusians), and [Ukraine(opens in a new
tab)](https://internationalbanker.com/finance/cryptocurrencies-filling-
crucial-role-in-the-russia-ukraine-conflict/), cryptocurrencies constituted
the quickest and often the only option to retain financial agency.[1(opens in
a new tab)](https://www.financialinclusion.tech/) As seen in these examples,
cryptocurrencies like Ethereum can provide unfettered access to the global
economy when people are cut off from the outside world. Additionally,
stablecoins offer a store of value when local currencies are collapsing due to
hyperinflation.

### Empowering Creators

In 2021 alone, artists, musicians, writers, and other creators used Ethereum
to earn around $3.5 billion collectively. This makes Ethereum one of the
largest global platforms for creators, alongside Spotify, YouTube, and Etsy.
[Learn more(opens in a new
tab)](https://stark.mirror.xyz/q3OnsK7mvfGtTQ72nfoxLyEV5lfYOqUfJIoKBx7BG1I).

### Empowering Gamers

Play to earn games (where players are actually rewarded for playing the games)
have recently emerged and are transforming the gaming industry. Traditionally,
it is often prohibited to trade or transfer in-game assets to other players
for real money. This forces players to use black market websites that are
often a security risk. Blockchain gaming embraces the in-game economy and
promotes such behavior in a trusted manner.

Moreover, players are incentivized by being able to trade in-game tokens for
real money and thus being truly rewarded for their play time.

2010

Investors

2014

Investors

Developers

Companies

Now

Investors

Developers

Companies

Artists

Musicians

Writers

Gamers

Refugees

## Ethereum in numbers

4K+

Projects build on Ethereum

96M+

Accounts (wallets) with an ETH balance

53.3M+

Smart contracts on Ethereum

$410B

Value secured on Ethereum

$3.5B

Creator earnings on Ethereum in 2021

1.189M

Number of transactions today

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fnewrings.774586ae.png&w=828&q=75)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fethereum-
inside.4283ba2e.png&w=828&q=75)

## Who runs Ethereum?

Ethereum is not controlled by any particular entity. It exists whenever there
are connected computers running software following the Ethereum protocol and
adding to the Ethereum _blockchain_. Each of these computers is known as a
node. Nodes can be run by anyone, although to participate in securing the
network you have to _stake_ ETH (Ethereum‚Äôs native token). Anyone with 32 ETH
can do this without needing permission.

Even the Ethereum source code is not produced by a single entity. Anyone can
suggest changes to the protocol and discuss upgrades. There are several
implementations of the Ethereum protocol that are produced by independent
organizations in several programming languages, and they are usually built in
the open and encourage community contributions.

[Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Finfrastructure_transparent.8849e91b.png&w=828&q=75)

## What are smart contracts?

**Smart contracts are computer programs** living on the Ethereum blockchain.
They execute when triggered by a transaction from a user. They make Ethereum
very flexible in what it can do. These programs act as building blocks for
decentralized apps and organizations.

Have you ever used a product that changed its terms of service? Or removed a
feature you found useful? Once a smart contract is published to Ethereum, it
will be online and operational for as long as Ethereum exists. Not even the
author can take it down. Since smart contracts are automated, they do not
discriminate against any user and are always ready to use.

Popular examples of smart contracts are lending apps, decentralized trading
exchanges, insurance, quadratic funding, social networks, _NFTs_ \- basically
anything you can think of.

[More on smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)[Explore dapps](/en/dapps/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimpact_transparent.7420c423.png&w=828&q=75)

## Meet ether, Ethereum's cryptocurrency

Many actions on the Ethereum network require some work to be done on
Ethereum's embedded computer (known as the Ethereum Virtual Machine). This
computation is not free; it is paid for using Ethereum's native cryptocurrency
called ether (ETH). This means you need at least a small amount of ether to
use the network.

Ether is purely digital, and you can send it to anyone anywhere in the world
instantly. The supply of ether isn‚Äôt controlled by any government or company -
it is decentralized and completely transparent. Ether is issued in a precise
manner according to the protocol, only to stakers who secure the network.

[What is ether?](/en/eth/)[Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)

GlobaldatacentersBTCPoWGoldminingGamingin
theUSETHPoWGoogleNetflixPayPalAirBnBETHPoS1901491313421190.4570.260.020.0026

Annual Energy Consumption in TWh/yr

## What about Ethereum's energy consumption?

On September 15, 2022, Ethereum went through The Merge upgrade which
transitioned Ethereum from _proof-of-work_ to _proof-of-stake_.

The Merge was Ethereum's biggest upgrade and reduced the energy consumption
required to secure Ethereum by **99.95%** , creating a **more secure network
for a much smaller carbon cost**. Ethereum is now a low-carbon blockchain
while boosting its security and scalability.

[More on energy consumption](/en/energy-consumption/)[The Merge
update](/en/roadmap/merge/)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffinance_transparent.a4abc782.png&w=828&q=75)

## I heard crypto is being used as a tool for criminal activity. Is this true?

Like any technology, it will sometimes be misused. However, because all
Ethereum transactions happen on an open blockchain, it‚Äôs often easier for
authorities to track illicit activity than it would be in the traditional
financial system, arguably making Ethereum a less appealing choice for those
who would rather go undetected.

Crypto is used much less than fiat currencies for criminal purposes according
to the key findings of a recent report by Europol, the European Union Agency
for Law Enforcement Cooperation:

_‚ÄúThe use of cryptocurrencies for illicit activities seems to comprise only a
small part of the overall cryptocurrency economy, and it appears to be
comparatively smaller than the amount of illicit funds involved in traditional
finance.‚Äù_

  * [Europol Spotlight - Cryptocurrencies - Tracing the evolution of criminal finances.pdf(opens in a new tab)](https://www.europol.europa.eu/publications-events/publications/cryptocurrencies-tracing-evolution-of-criminal-finances#downloads) EN (1.4 MB)

![](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth.28aff33d.png&w=828&q=75)

## What is the difference between Ethereum and Bitcoin?

Launched in 2015, Ethereum builds on Bitcoin's innovation, with some big
differences.

Both let you use digital money without payment providers or banks. But
**Ethereum is programmable** , so you can also build and deploy decentralized
applications on its network.

Bitcoin enables us to send basic messages to one another about what we think
is valuable. Establishing value without authority is already powerful.
Ethereum extends this: rather than just messages, you can write any general
program, or contract. There is no limit to the kind of contracts which can be
created and agreed upon, hence great innovation happens on the Ethereum
network.

While Bitcoin is only a payment network, Ethereum is more like a marketplace
of financial services, games, social networks and other apps.

## Further reading

[Week in Ethereum News(opens in a new tab)](https://weekinethereumnews.com/)
\- A weekly newsletter covering key developments across the ecosystem.

[Atoms, Institutions, Blockchains(opens in a new
tab)](https://stark.mirror.xyz/n2UpRqwdf7yjuiPKVICPpGoUNeDhlWxGqjulrlpyYi0) \-
Why blockchains matter?

[Kernel(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.kernel.community/en/learn/module-1/dreamers) Ethereum's
Dream

## Explore Ethereum

![Get some
ETH](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth.28aff33d.png&w=640&q=75)

### Get some ETH

ETH is the native currency of Ethereum. You'll need some ETH in your wallet to
use Ethereum applications.

[Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)

![Explore dapps](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=640&q=75)

### Try some dapps

Dapps are applications built on Ethereum. Dapps are disrupting current
business models and inventing new ones.

[Explore dapps](/en/dapps/)

## Test your Ethereum knowledge

What is Ethereum?

Question number 1:Who runs Ethereum?

A

Developers

B

Miners

C

The Ethereum Foundation

D

Anyone running a node

Check answer

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Cryptography

It is the practice of making communication private and secure so that only
those for whom the information is intended can read it.

Data source: [State of the dapps(opens in a new
tab)](https://dappradar.com/rankings/protocol/ethereum)

Data source: [Messari(opens in a new
tab)](https://messari.io/asset/ethereum/metrics/all)

Data source: [Dune(opens in a new
tab)](https://dune.com/sawmon_and_natalie/smart-contracts-on-ethereum)

Data source: [Ultrasound Money(opens in a new
tab)](https://ultrasound.money/#tvs)

Data source: [Josh Stark(opens in a new
tab)](https://stark.mirror.xyz/q3OnsK7mvfGtTQ72nfoxLyEV5lfYOqUfJIoKBx7BG1I)

Data source: [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/)

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

### Staking

Depositing a quantity of [ether](/en/glossary/#ether) (your stake) to become a
validator and secure the [network](/en/glossary/#network). A validator checks
[transactions](/en/glossary/#transaction) and proposes
[blocks](/en/glossary/#block) under a [proof-of-stake](/en/glossary/#pos)
consensus model. Staking gives you an economic incentive to act in the best
interests of the network. You'll get rewards for carrying out your
[validator](/en/glossary/#validator) duties, but lose varying amounts of ETH
if you don't. [More on Ethereum staking](/en/staking/).

### Non-fungible token (NFT)

Non-fungible-token (NFT ) is a unique digital item you can own, like art or
collectibles, verified by blockchain technology. [More on Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/).

### Proof-of-work (PoW)

A security mechanism for blockchains that requires nodes to expend energy in
the form of computation to find a certain value.

### Proof-of-stake (PoS)

A method by which a cryptocurrency blockchain protocol aims to achieve
distributed [consensus](/en/glossary/#consensus). PoS asks users to prove
ownership of a certain amount of cryptocurrency (their "stake" in the network)
in order to be able to participate in the validation of transactions. [More on
proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/).

0.0026

