  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [MEME Coins](/blog?category=MEME Coins)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to WEN](/blog/beginners-guide-to-wen)

##### MEME Coins

# A Beginner's Guide to WEN

Published on: Mar 13, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is WEN?**
  * **WEN's Integration With the Solana Ecosystem**
  * **WEN Tokenomics**
  * **How to Deposit WEN to Your Trust Wallet Address**
  * **Navigating Meme Coin Investments**

##### In Brief

Explore the popular meme coin, WEN. Let's take a look at WEN’s origins, it’s
airdrop, and the ecosystem it belongs to, Solana.

![A Beginner's Guide to WEN](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwen_beginners_guide_317833f8c1.png&w=3840&q=75)

Meme coins, like WEN, have taken the crypto market by storm recently. But what
sets WEN apart? Join us as we navigate through the basics of WEN, exploring
its origins, and uncovering what makes it unique in the world of meme coins.

Before we get started, remember that you can easily, send, receive, and manage
WEN using Trust Wallet–which is a secure [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) that supports Solana
tokens, and assets on 100+ other blockchains.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is WEN?

[WEN](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-get-wen-using-trust-wallet) is a
[Solana-based meme coin](https://trustwallet.com/blog/solana-based-memecoins)
centered around the concept of fractional [Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-mint-nfts-a-beginners-guide).
[WEN](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet) represents a novel approach to meme
coins by incorporating fractional ownership of NFTs. Unlike traditional meme
coins that often lack inherent value beyond speculative trading, WEN offers
its holders a form of fractional ownership of a viral poem.

The concept of fractional NFTs allows for the democratization of ownership,
enabling individuals to own a fraction of valuable digital assets. In the case
of [WEN](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet), the chosen asset is "A Love
Letter to Wen Bros," a poem that gained viral attention in the crypto
community.

The poem, authored by X user, @weremeow, resonated with many crypto
enthusiasts, as it humorously acknowledges the enthusiasm of "wen bros"
eagerly anticipating new projects and tokens. By turning this poem into a
fractional [NFT](https://trustwallet.com/nft), the creators of WEN sought to
celebrate and embrace the positive energy and excitement prevalent in the
crypto space.

WEN's association with fractional NFTs not only provides a unique value
proposition but also highlights the potential for innovative use cases within
the [Solana ecosystem](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-
ecosystem-beginners-guide). The project's focus on promoting positivity and
inclusivity further distinguishes it from other meme coins, attracting a
dedicated community of supporters.

![wen-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwen_beginners_guide_2_eb6fef1c1b.png&w=3840&q=75)

### WEN’s Origin and Inspirations

WEN's origins trace back to the innovative minds behind the [Solana
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide) and the Jupiter exchange. Drawing inspiration from the
vibrant culture of meme coins, the team sought to create a project that would
not only embrace the playful spirit of the crypto community, but also offer
tangible value and innovation.

WEN's origins are closely tied to its mission to support the Solana blockchain
and the Jupiter exchange. With its roots in Solana's ecosystem, WEN aims to
showcase the capabilities of the blockchain and contribute to its growth and
adoption. A pivotal aspect of WEN's inspiration lies in its integration of
fractional ownership of [NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft). This innovative
approach allows WEN holders to not only participate in the speculative trading
of a meme coin but also gain a stake in a digital asset.

## WEN's Integration With the Solana Ecosystem

WEN's integration with the Solana ecosystem is fundamental to its identity and
functionality. Here's how WEN interacts within the Solana ecosystem:

### Blockchain Infrastructure

WEN is built on the [Solana
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-the-solana-ecosystem-
beginners-guide), leveraging its high throughput and low transaction costs. By
utilizing Solana's robust infrastructure, WEN ensures fast and efficient
transactions. Thus, enhancing the user experience for its community.

### Scalability and Performance

Solana's scalability and performance capabilities play a crucial role in
supporting WEN's growth and adoption. As a meme coin, WEN benefits from
Solana's ability to handle high transaction volumes and network demand.

### Collaboration with Solana Projects

WEN can collaborate with other projects and initiatives within the Solana
ecosystem. By fostering partnerships and synergies with Solana-based projects,
[WEN](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet) contributes to the ecosystem's
overall growth and development.

### Supporting Solana Development and Adoption

WEN aims to support the ongoing development and innovation within the Solana
ecosystem. As a meme coin with a growing community of enthusiasts, WEN serves
as a vehicle for promoting Solana adoption and awareness. Through its unique
features and engaging community initiatives, WEN introduces new users to the
Solana ecosystem and showcases its potential for innovation and growth.

## WEN Tokenomics

The tokenomics of WEN aim to ensure a fair and sustainable ecosystem while
delivering value to its community. Here's an overview:

  * **Total supply:** WEN has a total token supply of 1 trillion tokens, offering ample liquidity and accessibility to investors and users.

  * **Distribution:** The distribution plan for WEN tokens is transparent and straightforward. 70% of the tokens were reserved for an airdrop, aimed at distributing tokens to [Solana wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/choosing-the-right-solana-wallet) holders and other community members, fostering widespread adoption. Additionally, 20% of the tokens were allocated to a liquidity pool, facilitating trading activities and market liquidity. The remaining 10% formed the WEN Treasury, dedicated to further development and community initiatives.

  * **Airdrop:** The majority of WEN tokens were distributed through a free airdrop campaign, allowing eligible participants to claim tokens at no cost. The airdrop aimed to promote the project and attract new users to the ecosystem. Eligible participants included active Jupiter users, Solana wallet holders, and participants in various NFT projects.

  * **Burn mechanism:** To maintain scarcity and value, the team burned the unclaimed portion of [WEN tokens](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet). This deflationary mechanism helps prevent inflation and preserves the purchasing power of existing token holders.

  * **Utility and value:** While WEN tokens primarily serve as a means of trading and speculation, they also represent fractional ownership of an NFT. Holders of WEN tokens have rights to a portion of the underlying NFT, providing intrinsic value to the token beyond speculative trading.

![wen-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwen_beginners_guide_1_f7f27e64e5.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit WEN to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can also deposit WEN from another wallet address or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “WEN” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

## Navigating Meme Coin Investments

While [meme coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-spot-a-trending-meme-
coin) might seem attractive because of their viral appeal and potential for
quick gain, it's crucial for investors to approach them with caution. Meme
coins frequently lack robust fundamentals, relying on hype and social media
trends to determine their worth. Consequently, they often experience
volatility and are susceptible to abrupt price swings.

Before diving head first into meme coin ventures, it's important to conduct
your own research and understand the tokenomics and underlying technology.

Remember that in addition to [WEN](https://trustwallet.com/wen-wallet), Trust
Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Download the latest version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

