[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# What Are Wrapped Tokens and How to Borrow Them on Binance?

2022-11-17

## Main Takeaways

  * BTokens are wrapped tokens offered by Binance to help extend assets’ functionality to blockchains other than their native one.

  * Binance Loans allows users to borrow bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies like BTokens easily.

  * Learn more about wrapped tokens and how to borrow BTokens through Binance Loans.

_Binance’s wrapped tokens, BTokens, are designed to help users tap into the
decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem. Here’s how to borrow BTokens through
Binance Loans._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221117/08a9fbcc-52c0-4de3-bbdb-b617e8588402)

##  BTokens – Wrapped Tokens Brought to You by Binance

Wrapped tokens are digital assets representing locked collateral of the
original asset on a different blockchain, thus allowing the transfer of
tokens’ value and utility to originally unsupported networks. The concept of
wrapping tokens stems from the need to increase the interoperability of tokens
and expand their utility to multiple networks. You may have come across
‘Wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC),’ tokenized bitcoin that allows BTC owners to access
financial opportunities not offered on the native Bitcoin blockchain.

Binance designed a range of its own wrapped assets, BTokens, to convert
various crypto assets onto Ethereum and tap into numerous decentralized
finance (DeFi) apps and projects. Some assets supported are bitcoin (BTC),
ether (ETH), and Polkadot’s DOT. Notice that they aren’t ERC-20 tokens? The
BToken equivalents, BBTC, [BETH](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/BETH), and
BDOT, are ERC-20 versions of the underlying assets.

## What Is Binance Loans?

[Binance Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/loan) allows users to borrow up to
65% of the value of their collateral. Borrowed assets can be used for any
transaction and can even be withdrawn from the platform. Binance Loans is
suitable for users who seek BToken liquidity but do not want to sell their
assets. Below are some other benefits of using Binance Loans to borrow
BTokens.

### Flexible loan terms

We provide 7, 14, 30, 90, and 180-day[ loan
terms](https://www.binance.com/en/loan/data). Interest is calculated based on
hours borrowed.

### Early repayment

If you return the loan amount early, we’ll only charge you interest based on
hours borrowed.

### More than 100 loanable assets

We offer over a hundred loanable assets on and support a range of
cryptocurrencies as collateral.

### Loans staking

You can stake specific assets (ADA, AVAX, BNB, CAKE, CTSI, DOT, KSM or NEAR)
for reduced loan interest. Remember that the asset used as collateral is not
eligible for staking rewards.

### Use funds anywhere

Borrowed funds can be used anywhere within the Binance ecosystem. You may also
withdraw the funds to use them outside the platform.

## How to Borrow BTokens on Binance Loans

Any verified Binance user can borrow on Binance Loans. Here’s how you can
borrow BETH on the Binance website.

**Step 1:** Log into your Binance account and click **[**[Crypto
Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)**]** on the Finance tab.  
**Step 2:** Select ‘BETH.’ Decide what asset you want to use as collateral and
for how long you want to borrow the BTokens. Loan terms range from 7 to 180
days.

**Step 3:** Confirm your order details before clicking **[Start Borrowing Now]
- [Confirm]**. You are now ready to use the borrowed BETH!

Alternatively, see [how to borrow BTokens via the Binance
app](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/how-to-borrow-crypto-on-binance-
margin-and-loans-421499824684903083).

### Repaying crypto loans

If you’re ready to return the borrowed funds, follow these steps.

**Step 1:** Log into your Binance account and click [Order
Page](https://www.binance.com/en/my/loan/order).

**Step 2:** Pay the interest first and then the principal amount. Please note:
If you’re repaying early, interest will still be charged according to hours
borrowed. You will not receive a penalty for repaying early.

### Adjusting Loan-to-Value (LTV) Ratio

Binance Loans uses the Loan-to-value (LTV) ratio to assess each individual’s
lending risk level. Once your LTV exceeds the Liquidation LTV, your collateral
will be forcibly liquidated to repay your loan.

Calculate your LTV and avoid forced liquidation using the formula below:

**LTV** = Loan Amount / Collateral Amount x 100%

**Loan Amount** = Principal + Interest

[Visit this Binance Loans user
manual](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041278132) for an in-depth
guide to calculating or adjusting your LTV ratio.

## It's a Wrap!

Binance Loans offers a simple way to borrow wrapped tokens. Are you
considering exploring a new financial opportunity? You can move your BTokens
out of the Binance ecosystem and onto another blockchain like Ethereum. Always
do your own research ([DYOR](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-
own-research)) before entering any trade with loaned crypto. Experienced
traders who have done their due diligence can access BToken loans on Binance
today.

For more information, please visit:

(Academy) [What Are Wrapped
Tokens?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-wrapped-tokens)

(Support)[ How to use Binance
Loans](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360041278132)?

(Blog)[ Crypto Loans: How to Borrow
Cryptocurrencies?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/crypto-loans-how-to-
borrow-cryptocurrencies-421499824684902409)

(Academy)[ Interest Rates
Explained](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/interest-rates-explained)

(Blog) [Is It Possible to Get a Crypto Loan Without
Collateral?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/loans/is-it-possible-to-get-a-
crypto-loan-without-collateral-421499824684903679)

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

What Are Wrapped Tokens and How to Borrow Them on Binance?

Main Takeaways

BTokens – Wrapped Tokens Brought to You by Binance

What Is Binance Loans?

How to Borrow BTokens on Binance Loans

It's a Wrap!

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

