[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs") __
  * ... __
  * What Are CryptoPunks?

# What Are CryptoPunks?

By **Mohammad Musharraf**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Mohammad-104x104.jpeg)

Feb 16, 2023 | **Updated May 24, 2023**

__Read 6 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-cryptopunks-nfts
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20CryptoPunks%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-cryptopunks-nfts "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-are-cryptopunks-
nfts
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-cryptopunks-nfts&title=What%20Are%20CryptoPunks%3F "Reddit")

![Orange background with an computer showing NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/07_NFT_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
— CryptoPunks is an Ethereum-based NFT collection featuring 10,000 unique
punky characters as 24×24 pixel images.  
  
— Larva Labs created and launched CryptoPunks in June 2017 and made 9,000 of
the 10,000 NFTs claimable for free  
  
— CryptoPunk NFTs have traded for millions of dollars, and they currently make
the most popular NFT collection out there. You can buy them on secondary NFT
marketplaces  
  
The digital art space has accepted and used [non-fungible tokens (aka
NFTs)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft) unlike any other. It is
probably the one reason why your grandmother too must have heard about NFTs.

JPEGs selling for millions of dollars didn’t only make the top post on your
Twitter and Instagram feeds. They also made [major
headlines](https://www.nytimes.com/2022/02/24/arts/sothebys-nft-sale-
canceled.html) across newspapers.

But where did this digital art NFT revolution start?

CryptoPunks. The rest was history.

## What Are CryptoPunks?

‘The CryptoPunks’ is a collection of 10,000 unique digital art characters
represented in 24×24 colored pixel images. The collection, on the Ethereum
[blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain), comprises of
6,039 male Punks and 3,840 female NFT Punks. Then remaining Punks are zombies
(88), apes (24), and aliens (9).

![An image showing 16 Punks from the CryptoPunk NFT
collection.](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/dMihUfuhqubDfxydMM28pI2P2_7tgRQbdlKIjtTLLwfJvIJwinX3Y0T_IakeCczujtafP1JcAGUoAZzq34vnw957sYxe8IkhkjQUpxENKFIQ4dbhWQFFIMd3GnlXIC_6nAu5YVVMLXyOpzIxz7_SC0o)CryptoPunks
were created by Larva Labs

While The CryptoPunks is not the first-ever NFT collection, it is credited
with fuelling the NFT revolution and making it significantly mainstream.

Some popular celebrities such as tennis star Serena Williams, billionaire Mark
Cuban, rapper JayZ, and the dawg SnoopDogg own and publicly flaunt their
CryptoPunks.

Where did it all start though? Glad you asked!

## Who Created Crypto Punks?

The CryptoPunks NFT collection was an experiment by Matt Hall and John
Watkinson — developers at the mobile app development company Larva Labs.

Matt and John’s inspiration for pixelated Punk characters came from four
separate places:  the [London Punk
culture](https://www.vice.com/en/article/7xg5qd/never-before-seen-images-of-
londons-punk-scene) from the 1970s, the sci-fi cyberpunk movement, the sci-fi
movie [Blade Runner](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blade_Runner), and the
fiction novel [Neuromancer](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neuromancer).

However, contrary to what one may assume, the 10,000 CryptoPunk digital art
pieces were not individually designed. Instead, the developers created a
pixelated character generator that algorithmically mixed and matched several
different character traits to generate the collection.

The algorithm was designed such that no two CryptoPunk characters were given
the exact same set of traits. That means, while there are similarities between
multiple CryptoPunk NFTs, there are no two NFTs that look exactly like each
other.

### When Did the CryptoPunks NFT Collection Launch?

The CryptoPunk collection went [live on June 22,
2017](https://etherscan.io/tx/0x0885b9e5184f497595e1ae2652d63dbdb2785de2e498af837d672f5765f28430),
on the Ethereum network, and 9,000 of the 10,000 NFTs were claimable for free.
The only criterion to claim a CryptoPunk was to have an [Ethereum
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum) to pay the gas for the
transactions and hold the NFT.

In 2022, Yuga Labs, popular for its NFT collections Bored Ape Yacht Club,
[acquired](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20220311005470/en/Yuga-Labs-
Acquires-CryptoPunks-and-Meebits-from-Larva-Labs-Grants-IP-and-Commercial-
Rights-to-Individual-Owners) the IP rights of Larva Labs’ two major NFT
collections — CryptoPunks and Meebits.

## How Many CryptoPunks Are There?

CryptoPunks is a collection of 10,000 pixelated characters, each unique due to
the traits they have. Some of the most common traits of Punks include an
earring, a cigarette, a mole, or black lipstick.  

In total, there are [87 unique
traits](https://cryptopunks.app/cryptopunks/attributes) and each of these
traits has different levels of rarity. For instance, only 44 Punks have a
Beanie cap on their head but 961 Punks come with a Cigarette. That means the
Beanie trait is far rarer than the Cigarette trait.

So, while the entire collection is valuable and each Punk NFT is unique
(except for the 8 genesis CryptoPunks that are identical), the rarity of a
specific punk may differ largely depending on the traits they possess.

 A Punk with multiple highly rare traits will be far more rare and valuable
than a Punk with relatively common traits such as a Cigarette.

The best way to check the rarity of CryptoPunks is to use a rarity finder tool
such as Rarity Sniper. It offers a rarity score to each NFT based on the
combined rarity of the traits they possess.

## Why Are Cryptopunks So Valuable?

To understand why CryptoPunks are valuable, we need to understand that
different kinds of NFTs are valuable due to different reasons.

For instance, a gaming NFT may have value for its use case within a game. Or,
a limited edition music NFT by a popular artist may have value due to the
popularity of the artist.

CryptoPunks is an art collection and there is no “use case” to it. That means
the answer to _why CryptoPunks are so valuable_ is more or less the same as
_why any real-world art collection or a standalone art piece is valuable_ —
age, scarcity, popularity, and community and status.

### 1\. Age

Age isn’t just a number. Age is value.

If you look at art pieces such as _Mona Lisa, The Starry Night,_ or _The Last
Supper,_ their value has only increased with time. Today, having only these
three paintings would likely make you a billionaire.

The same goes for CryptoPunks. While of course the collection wasn’t created
in the 15th century, CryptoPunks is one of the oldest NFT collections.

It is an antique. And its demand, along with its value, will likely keep
rising as more people get into Web3. That brings us to the second point.

### 2\. Scarcity

The fewer the merrier, say the art collectors.

CryptoPunks is a collection of 10,000 NFTs. And there will never be more of
them no matter how popular it gets.

That means, irrespective of how many people with whatever amount of money join
Web3, only a maximum of 10,000 people will be able to own a CryptoPunk.

So, even if demand is high, the supply is fixed. In that case, values soar.

### 3\. Popularity

Popularity equates to demand. And demand, as we said above, equates to value.

If an art NFT collection is not popular for one or the other reason, it will
likely not have a high valuation. However, in the case of CryptoPunks,
popularity was never a concern.

It had the first-mover advantage and thus is a highly popular NFT collection,
resulting in a very high valuation.

### 4\. Community and Status

CryptoPunks have become a status symbol in the Web3 space.

Imagine having enough money to buy a CryptoPunk. If you do, you get to hang
around in the same community as some of the richest and most popular people in
the world. Why would someone not want that?

So, the _sense of belonging_ among some of the most elite people in the world
is definitely a reason why CryptoPunks are so valuable.

## How To Buy an NFT

There are two primary ways you can get your hands on an NFT such as a
CryptoPunk: either though initial drops or on secondary markets.

The initial drop is when a new NFT project or collection launches and you can
directly [mint an NFT](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/mint-nft)
from the project’s platform on the given date and time. That is sadly long
gone for CryptoPunks.

However, you can purchase your desired NFT even after the drop from a
secondary [NFT marketplace](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nft-marketplaces-
explained) such as OpenSea, Rarible or SuperRare.

In short, secondary NFT marketplaces are platforms to buy and sell NFTs after
an NFT is live. NFT owners can go on these platforms and list their NFTs for
sale. Interested parties can then bid on these collections or purchase
directly, depending on the criteria set by the seller.

These marketplaces are peer-to-peer, meaning the [transfer of
NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-gift-an-nft) and funds takes place
directly between the seller and the buyer. There is however a service fee
ranging between 1% to 2.5% attached to every transaction.

## How To Secure NFTs

Non-fungible tokens are highly valuable assets, especially if you own
something from a seminal collection like the CryptoPunks. Their value could be
anywhere from a few hundred dollars to hundreds of thousands of dollars. With
such value at stake, there’s a need for high security.

While the movement has grown, NFT thefts have become commonplace. So, how can
you [secure your NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/secure-nfts-2022)?

Well, the best solution is to store NFTs in a hardware wallet such as Ledger
[Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus), [Nano
X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x), or better yet, [Ledger
Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax).

[Ledger NFT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/manage-your-nfts) keeps your
private keys and seed phrase offline at all times, cutting your NFTs off from
all virtual threats. So, as long as you keep your seed phrase safe, no one
other than you can access your assets.

This brings the best form of absolute ownership of NFTs to you combined with
the highest level of security.

## Knowledge is power

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/YT_THUMBNAILS_09-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/even-more-security)

**Mohammad Musharraf**  
musharraf@unleashed.io

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Mohammad-104x104.jpeg)

Mohammad Musharraf is a content strategist and writer working with blockchain
and crypto projects for over three years. In his free time, he loves spending
time with family, watching Netflix, and reading.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-cryptopunks-nfts
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20CryptoPunks%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-cryptopunks-nfts "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-are-cryptopunks-
nfts
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fwhat-
are-cryptopunks-nfts&title=What%20Are%20CryptoPunks%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: Staking: Your Different Options, and What They Mean
](https://www.ledger.com/?post_type=academy&p=255427 "Staking: Your Different
Options, and What They Mean")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-token-gating)

[What Is Token Gating?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-
token-gating)

__Read

9 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-
currency-explained)

[Digital Assets Beyond
Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-
beyond-currency-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/metaverse/what-is-the-otherside-
metaverse)

[What Is the Otherside
Metaverse?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/metaverse/what-is-the-
otherside-metaverse)

__Read

8 min Medium

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/scams/nft-swap-order-scam-how-to-
avoid-it)

[NFT Swap Order Scam: How to Avoid
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/scams/nft-swap-order-scam-how-to-
avoid-it)

__Read

5 min Expert

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/how-to-create-an-nft-drop)

[How To Create An NFT Drop](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/how-to-
create-an-nft-drop)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-poap)

[What is POAP?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-poap)

__Read

5 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-loot-the-product-of-community-
imagination)

[What is Loot? The Product of Community
Imagination](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-loot-the-product-of-
community-imagination)

__Read

5 min Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

