Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# BNP Paribas Securities Services selects Metaco to develop digital assets
custody capabilities

  *  __ July 20, 2022
  *  __3 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fbnp-paribas-securities-services-selects-metaco-to-develop-digital-assets-custody-capabilities%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fbnp-paribas-securities-services-selects-metaco-to-develop-digital-assets-custody-capabilities%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

BNP Paribas Securities Services has partnered with Metaco to develop its
digital asset custody offering and help clients issue, transfer and safekeep
regulated digital assets efficiently and securely**.**

The bank has selected Metaco with the intention to integrate our bank-grade
digital asset custody and orchestration platform,
[Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/), into its existing
infrastructure. The platform will underpin the bank’s institutional custody
offering and unify governance across its multiple systems, allowing
institutional clients to store, issue and settle digital securities alongside
their traditional assets.

Commenting, **[Wayne Hughes](https://www.linkedin.com/in/wayne-
hughes-8bbb312/), Head of Digital Assets at BNP Paribas Securities Services**,
said:

> “Our objective is to offer our clients a single view of all these different
> types of assets for complete transparency, greater operational efficiency
> and risk management.”

[**Adrien Treccani**](https://ch.linkedin.com/in/atreccani)**, CEO and Founder
of Metaco** , commented:

> “BNP Paribas is a distinguished European banking leader, and a leading
> global custodian. Being selected after a very rigorous process is testament
> to the strength of the value proposition we bring to global banks. By
> leveraging Metaco, the bank will deploy the industry-standard digital asset
> custody and orchestration platform for top tier financial institutions, and
> will be able to offer clients a service underpinned by the highest possible
> security and scalability, while ensuring full regulatory compliance
> globally.”
>
>  

* * *



Emma Salmon, Global Media Relations Manager  
[emma.salmon@uk.bnpparibas.com](mailto:emma.salmon@uk.bnpparibas.com)  
+44 (0)788 1249 711  
BNP Paribas Securities Services on Twitter –
[@BNPP2S](https://twitter.com/BNPP2S?lang=en)

### About BNP Paribas Securities Services
([www.securities.bnpparibas.com](http://www.securities.bnpparibas.com/))

BNP Paribas Securities Services, a wholly owned subsidiary of the BNP Paribas
Group, is a leading global custodian and securities services provider. Backed
by the strength of the BNP Paribas Group, we provide multi-asset post-trade
and asset servicing solutions for buy and sell-side market participants,
corporates and issuers. With a global reach covering 90+ markets, our network
is one of the most extensive in the industry, enabling clients to maximise
their investment opportunities worldwide.

### About Metaco ([www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/))

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, Metaco is a technology company whose mission
is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to securely manage their
digital asset business and capitalize on the burgeoning digital asset economy.

The company’s core product, Harmonize, is an orchestration system for digital
assets. From cryptocurrency custody and trading to tokenization, staking and
smart contract management, the platform seamlessly connects institutions to
the new world of decentralized finance (DeFi).

Metaco has established itself as the Tier 1 banking standard, trusted by and
in live production with global custodians, exchanges, private and universal
banks. Its software, technology and infrastructure solutions enable financial
institutions to store, trade, issue and manage digital assets, with the
highest possible security and agility.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

