Contact us

Thank you

Your submission has been received. We will reach out to you soon.

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

  * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)Employ industry leading blockchain intelligence to tackle crypto challenges

  * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)Leverage on-chain user insights to boost engagement and success

  * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)Delivering effective risk management solutions for regulatory compliance and operational safety

[Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-
tools/)Avoid interaction with sanctioned activity

  * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)

Power your blockchain technology needs with industry-leading intelligence

[Transpose](/transpose/)Lightning fast, indexed blockchain data

  * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)Enterprise ready infrastructure for blockchain analysis solutions

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)Detect, disrupt, and deter crypto crime with blockchain insights

[Regulators](/regulators/)Protect consumers, establish safe markets, and
maintain financial stability

[Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)Administer, implement, and enforce tax policies
for digital assets

  * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)Generate new revenue opportunities with digital assets

[Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)Optimize crypto exchange
operations through data insights

  * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)Start your seamless transition into web3

[Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)Scale projects securely with low-lift
integrations

[Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

  * [![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/ct-state-police-featured-thumbnail.png)Connecticut State Police safeguards citizens from digital crimes](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/facing-crypto-crime-in-connecticut/)[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/morabanc-featured-thumbnail.png)Morabanc serves as trusted entry point to world of digital assets](https://www.chainalysis.com/customer-stories/morabanc/)

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)Professional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds
  * [Training & Certification](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

Equip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency
confidently

  * [Chainalysis Academy ](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Get started with short training courses

  * [Blog](/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
  * [Webinars](/webinars/)View upcoming and on-demand webinars from our experts and industry leaders.[Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)Public Key is the cryptocurrency and compliance podcast.[Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)The digital asset event where the public and private sectors meet.
  * [Reports](/reports/)

[![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/thumbnail-crime-
report.png)The 2024 Crypto Crime Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/crypto-
crime-2024.html)[![Geos report thumbnail image, and abstracted map with a
generic bar chart](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/01/thumbnail-geos-2023.png)The 2023 Geography of
Cryptocurrency Report](https://go.chainalysis.com/geography-of-
cryptocurrency-2023.html)

  * [Why Chainalysis](/why-chainalysis/)Turn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance.
  * [About Chainalysis](/company/)Chainalysis is the blockchain data platform.
  * [Careers](/careers/)Chainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.
  * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)[Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)[Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

[Chainalysis](/)

  * Solutions
  * Customers
  * Services
  * Insights
  * Company
  * [Log in](https://app.chainalysis.com/login/)[Request a demo](https://www.chainalysis.com/request-a-demo/)

Back arrow

Solutions

    * [Crypto Investigations](/solution/crypto-investigations/)
    * [Crypto Risk](/solution/crypto-risk/)
    * [Free Sanctions Screening](/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)
    * [Web3 Growth](/solution/web3-growth/)
    * [Blockchain Intelligence](/blockchain-intelligence/)
    * [Transpose](/transpose/)
    * * * *

    * [Chainalysis Platform](/platform/)

Back arrow

Customers

    * [Law Enforcement](/law-enforcement/)
    * [Regulators](/regulators/)
    * [Tax Agencies](/tax-agencies/)
    * [Financial Institutions](/financial-institutions/)
    * [Centralized Exchanges](/centralized-exchanges/)
    * [Consumer Brands](/consumer-brands/)
    * [Decentralized Finance](/solutions/defi/)
    * * * *

    * [Customer Stories](/customer-stories/)

Back arrow

Services

    * [Investigations & Special ProgramsProfessional investigators providing forensic analysis to resolve cybersecurity breaches and trace stolen funds](/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
    * [Training & CertificationEquip yourself with the knowledge needed to navigate cryptocurrency confidently](/chainalysis-certification-programs/)
    * [Chainalysis AcademyGet started with short training courses](https://academy.chainalysis.com/)

Back arrow

Insights

    * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)[Crime](/blog/category/crime/)[Markets](/blog/category/markets/)[Policy & Regulation](/blog/category/policy-and-regulation/)[Crypto Basics](/blog/category/crypto-basics/)[Chainalysis in Action](/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)[Company News](/blog/category/company-news/)
    * [Webinars](/webinars/)
    * [Podcast](/blog/category/podcast/)
    * [Chainalysis Links](/links-nyc/)
    * [Reports](/reports/)

Back arrow

Company

    * [Why ChainalysisTurn blockchain transactions into insights and risk into compliance](/why-chainalysis/)
    * [About ChainalysisChainalysis is the blockchain data platform.](/company/)
    * [CareersChainalysis is growing fast, globally. Join us today.](/careers/)
    * [Chainalysis Government Solutions](/government/)
    * [Partner Directory](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/directory/)
    * [Become a Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Subscribe to our weekly newsletter

Thank you for subscribing to the Chainalysis weekly newsletter.

Solutions

  * [Platform](https://www.chainalysis.com/platform/)
  * [Crypto Investigations Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-investigations/)
  * [Crypto Risk Solution](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/crypto-risk/)
  * [Web3 Growth Solution ](https://www.chainalysis.com/solution/web3-growth/)
  * [Blockchain Intelligence](https://www.chainalysis.com/blockchain-intelligence/)
  * [Transpose](https://www.chainalysis.com/transpose/)
  * [Free Sanctions Screening](https://www.chainalysis.com/free-cryptocurrency-sanctions-screening-tools/)

Industries

  * [Law Enforcement](https://www.chainalysis.com/law-enforcement/)
  * [Centralized Exchanges](https://www.chainalysis.com/centralized-exchanges/)
  * [Financial Institutions](https://www.chainalysis.com/financial-institutions/)
  * [Tax Agencies](https://www.chainalysis.com/tax-agencies/)
  * [Regulators](https://www.chainalysis.com/regulators/)
  * [Decentralized Finance](https://www.chainalysis.com/solutions/defi/)
  * [Consumer Brands](https://www.chainalysis.com/consumer-brands/)

Careers

  * [Open Positions](https://www.chainalysis.com/careers/job-openings/)

Company

  * [About Us](https://www.chainalysis.com/company/)
  * [Chainalysis Partner Locator](https://partner.chainalysis.com/english/directory/)
  * [Become a Chainalysis Partner](https://partner.chainalysis.com/English/)

Contact Us

  * [Sales](mailto:sales@chainalysis.com)
  * [Media](mailto:media@chainalysis.com)

Resources

  * [Blog](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/)
  * [Webinars](https://www.chainalysis.com/webinars/)
  * [Podcast](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/podcast/)
  * [Reports](https://www.chainalysis.com/reports/)

Services

  * [Investigations & Special Programs](https://www.chainalysis.com/crypto-investigations-and-special-programs/)
  * [Training & Certification](https://www.chainalysis.com/chainalysis-certification-programs/)

[![Chainalysis Linkedin](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/11/icon-linkedin-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.linkedin.com/company/chainalysis/)[![Chainalysis
Twitter](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/10/icon-footer-
twitter-x-blue.svg)](https://twitter.com/chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
YouTube](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/icon-youtube-
lightblue.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/c/Chainalysis)[![Chainalysis
Telegram](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/03/icon-
telegram-lightblue.svg)](https://t.me/chainalysisinc)

© 2024, Chainalysis

  * [Privacy Policy](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

  * [Legal](https://www.chainalysis.com/legal/)

Change region

  * [English](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)
  * [日本語](https://www.chainalysis.com/ja/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)
  * [한국어](https://www.chainalysis.com/ko/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)
  * [Español](https://www.chainalysis.com/es/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)
  * [Deutsch](https://www.chainalysis.com/de/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/)

[Blog](/blog/)

#  Chainalysis in Action

[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/zhong-blog-
min-800x534.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Chainalysis in Action: Department of
Justice Announces Second-Largest Ever Crypto Seizure, with $3.36 Billion in
Bitcoin Seized from Silk Road Hacker September 13, 2023  In November 2021, IRS
Criminal Investigations (IRS-CI) seized 50,676 Bitcoin from James Zhong, an
American who pled guilty to wire… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/james-
zhong-silk-road-hack-seizure/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/08/zetachain-halborn-customer-story-blog-
post-800x347.png) Chainalysis in Action  Security First in a Decentralized
World: ZetaChain’s Collaborative Approach with Chainalysis and Halborn August
30, 2023  In the rapidly evolving landscape of blockchain technology, security
stands as a paramount concern. 2022 witnessed a surge in hacking…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/zetachain-security-halborn/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/helix-blog-header-
scaled-1-800x469.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Chainalysis in Action: How Law
Enforcement Tracked Millions’ Worth of Illicit Bitcoin in the Harmon Brothers
Cases July 26, 2023  Within the span of a few years, two brothers from Ohio
were imprisoned for cryptocurrency-related crimes. The first, Larry Dean…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/helix-mixer-harmon-brothers-investigation/)
[ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/06/israel-
nbctf-2-min-scaled-1-800x600.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Chainalysis In
Action: Israeli Authorities Disrupt Hezbollah and Iran Quds Force Terrorism
Financing Crypto Infrastructure, Seize $1.7 Million in First [Updated 3/26/24]
June 27, 2023  Update, 3/26/24: OFAC sanctions Al-Law, highlights
cryptocurrency address previously identified by NBCTF On March 26, 2024, OFAC
sanctioned Syria-based hawala… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/israel-
nbctf-hezbollah-iran-quds-crypto-seizure/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/main-street-crypto-
crime-scaled-1-800x531.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Crypto Crime Has Hit Main
Street. Here’s How Local Law Enforcement Can Take Action. December 13, 2022
There’s a common misconception that tackling cryptocurrency-based crime is
solely in the domain of large national-level law enforcement agencies or elite
cybercrime units. ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/crypto-main-street/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/shutterstock-1183255090-scaled-1-800x455.jpg)
Chainalysis in Action  $30 Million Seized: How the Cryptocurrency Community Is
Making It Difficult for North Korean Hackers To Profit September 8, 2022  One
of the most troubling trends in crypto crime right now is the stunning rise in
funds stolen from DeFi… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/axie-infinity-
ronin-bridge-dprk-hack-seizure/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/08/court-min-scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Chainalysis in Action
Chainalysis Takes the Stand: How Expert Testimony Helped Convict the Creator
of Two Fraudulent ICOs August 10, 2022  On July 21, 2022, Ryan Felton pleaded
guilty to multiple counts of wire fraud, securities fraud, and money
laundering. Here’s how Chainalysis testimony helped secure his guilty plea.
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/flik-coinspark-icos-chainalysis-expert-
testimony/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/02/colonial-darkside-ransomware-2-min-
scaled-1-800x534.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Chainalysis In Action: How FBI
Investigators Traced DarkSide’s Funds Following the Colonial Pipeline
Ransomware Attack February 10, 2022  This blog is a preview of our 2022 Crypto
Crime Report. Sign up here to download your copy now! On May 7,…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/darkside-colonial-pipeline-ransomware-
seizure-case-study/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/5ed7f6ca1e680998a8085cb5-us-treasury-
min-3-scaled-1-800x510.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Chainalysis in Action: OFAC
Sanctions Russian Cryptocurrency OTC Suex that Received Over $160 million from
Ransomware Attackers, Scammers, and Darknet Markets September 22, 2021  Want
to learn more about the sanctions against Suex and what this means for the
larger fight against ransomware? Watch…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ofac-sanction-suex-september-2021/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/60e62d99584e810aa73c4d2c-ransomware-counterterrorism-
min-3-scaled-1-800x450.jpg) Chainalysis in Action  Applying Counterterrorism
Strategies to Ransomware September 20, 2021  Last month, national leaders in
the U.S. compared the global surge in ransomware events to the terrorism
threat following the… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/applying-
counterterrorism-strategies-to-ransomware/) [
![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/605ddf5447f3e850c7511081-raise-min-3-800x579.png)
Chainalysis in Action  Chainalysis Launches Business Data Offering to Help
Cryptocurrency Exchanges Optimize Product Strategy and Drive User Growth May
24, 2021  Chainalysis, the blockchain analysis company, today announced the
launch of Chainalysis Business Data, a first-of-its-kind data offering to help
cryptocurrency… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/chainalysis-business-data-
launch/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/050420211617601332-800x533.jpeg) Chainalysis in Action
L’analyse de la blockchain révèle les liens entre quatre des plus grandes
souches de ransomware de 2020 February 3, 2021  Ce blog est un extrait du
rapport Chainalysis 2021 Crypto Crime. Cliquez ici pour télécharger le tout !
Comme nous… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/ransomware-connections-maze-
egregor-suncrypt-doppelpaymer-french/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/050420211617601367-scaled-1-800x533.jpeg) Chainalysis
in Action  Chainalysis in Action: U.S. Authorities Disrupt NetWalker
Ransomware January 27, 2021  Today, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ)
announced a coordinated international law enforcement action to disrupt the
NetWalker ransomware, including… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/netwalker-
ransomware-disruption-arrest/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/050420211617601378-scaled-1-800x640.jpeg) Chainalysis
in Action  Alt-Right Groups and Personalities Involved In the January 2021
Capitol Riot Received Over $500K In Bitcoin From French Donor One Month Prior
January 14, 2021  This blog is an excerpt from the Chainalysis 2021 Crypto
Crime Report. Click here to download the whole thing! Last…
](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/capitol-riot-bitcoin-donation-alt-right-
domestic-extremism/) [ ![](https://www.chainalysis.com/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/050420211617601353-scaled-1-800x640.jpeg) Chainalysis
in Action  Les groupes et personnalités d’ultradroite impliqués dans l’émeute
du Capitole ont reçu plus de 500000 dollars en Bitcoin d’un donateur français
un mois auparavant January 14, 2021  La semaine dernière, les Américains ont
été choqués lorsqu’un grand groupe de partisans de Donald Trump a pris
d’assaut le… ](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/capitol-riot-bitcoin-donation-
alt-right-domestic-extremism-french/)

## Posts navigation

1 [2](https://www.chainalysis.com/blog/category/chainalysis-in-action/page/2/)

![websights](https://ws.zoominfo.com/pixel/Na6GzfmL0i0pW4qWYEKS)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=136016409&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=880e1056-675b-4d2f-ac73-c16838ebf6f9&sid=bdf7ebc01cfe11ef8d93a925604f7419&vid=bdf811601cfe11efac8cc1d69e2d3bbb&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Chainalysis%20in%20Action%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fchainalysis-
in-action%2F&r=&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=668254)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=6499db7c-36f3-4d8e-995d-cdae9416ed6f&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=55d9caf3-bf36-48de-9bbd-900ae0f4fdb9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fchainalysis-
in-
action%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=6499db7c-36f3-4d8e-995d-cdae9416ed6f&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=55d9caf3-bf36-48de-9bbd-900ae0f4fdb9&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fchainalysis-
in-
action%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o942f&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://cdn.bizible.com/ipv?_biz_r=&_biz_h=-417244810&_biz_u=c100eb8496af44cec09710d55ad7831f&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fchainalysis-
in-
action%2F&_biz_t=1716906590342&_biz_i=Chainalysis%20in%20Action%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&_biz_n=0&rnd=936519&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906590832)![](https://cdn.bizibly.com/u?_biz_u=c100eb8496af44cec09710d55ad7831f&_biz_l=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.chainalysis.com%2Fblog%2Fcategory%2Fchainalysis-
in-
action%2F&_biz_t=1716906590833&_biz_i=Chainalysis%20in%20Action%20Archives%20-%20Chainalysis&rnd=816408&cdn_o=a&_biz_z=1716906590833)

## Cookies

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://www.chainalysis.com/privacy-policy/)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

Strictly Necessary Cookies

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

Back Button

Back

### Performance Cookies

Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon

Clear Filters

Information storage and access

Apply

Consent Leg.Interest

All Consent Allowed

Select All Vendors

Select All Vendors

All Consent Allowed

Confirm My Choices

[](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-consent/)

When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you
agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation,
analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Because we respect
your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies.
Click on the "Cookie Settings" to find out more and change our default
settings.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![](https://px.ads.linkedin.com/collect/?pid=3331340&fmt=gif)

