[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * What Is Self-Custody in Crypto?

# What Is Self-Custody in Crypto?

By **Ledger**

May 27, 2024 | **Updated May 27, 2024**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Self-
Custody%20in%20Crypto%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto&title=What%20Is%20Self-Custody%20in%20Crypto%3F
"Reddit")

![Black closed belt on a orange background.](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/07/Security_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
—  While custodial wallets offer users convenience, their third-party
providers own your wallet’s private keys, meaning they control your assets.  
  
—  Self-custody is when you control your private keys yourself, taking full
responsibility for the security of your wallet.  
  
—  Ledger’s devices and software ecosystem make it easy to practice secure
self-custody.  
  
Bitcoin was designed as an electronic, peer-to-peer payment system, allowing
two willing parties to transact directly without middlemen. This was an
attractive proposition for early adopters following the 2008 financial crisis
when banking malpractice led to a wide loss of trust in the traditional
financial system. As such, Bitcoin offered an alternative with some serious
potential.

Primarily, Bitcoin was created to take intermediaries out of finance;
returning control to the people. This was the premise the whole crypto
ecosystem was built on. Many chains, protocols, and crypto solutions embraced
the ethos of blockchain, striving for a more decentralized transfer of value.
But, that’s not strictly true for every crypto platform and service in
existence, and that also extends as far as storage solutions.

To reiterate: not all solutions for storing crypto offer self-custody. While
some wallet providers put you in control, others reserve the right to do
whatever they like with your crypto. But before we get there, let’s explore
the basics. In fact, what is self-custody in crypto in the first place?

## **What Is Self-Custody in Crypto?  **

Self-custody in crypto is all about ownership. Unlike centralized financial
institutions such as banks, self-custodial solutions allow you true ownership
of your assets.

You see, when someone says they store crypto in their [crypto
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-
is-a-crypto-wallet), that isn’t strictly accurate.

Your crypto is stored on the blockchain network, by every single
[node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-
one). Each node in the network stores a copy of the entire blockchain’s
history—every single transaction ever made. So, instead of storing
cryptocurrency, your crypto wallet stores the secret information that allows
you to manage a specific account called a [private
key](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key).

Every address on a blockchain network is tied to a key pair. There’s a [public
key](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/public-key), which your
[blockchain address](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/wallet-address)
is derived from, that acts as a unique identifier for that account. Then
there’s a private key, which allows anyone the power to manage the assets at
the associated blockchain address.

That private key is what your crypto wallet must store, and it must do so
securely since anybody with the private key of an address can access its
funds. But what do private keys have to do with custody of your assets
exactly?

### **Who Owns Your Private Keys?**

When you hear about custody in crypto, it’s essentially about who controls the
private keys of a crypto wallet.  To explain, there are two approaches a
wallet provider can take to custody: custodial or non-custodial solutions. A
custodial crypto wallet is one whose private keys are held by a third party;
typically a centralized exchange. Conversely, a [non-custodial
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/non-custodial-wallet) requires
its owner to manage their own private keys.

The difference may seem minimal, but these two wallet types have vastly
different approaches to security.

Using a custodial wallet is much like securing your funds in the bank. With
this method, you are protected from thieves. However, you depend on the bank
to access your funds, meaning they have access to your accounts. If the bank
fails, or mismanages your funds, there’s nothing you can do about it. This is
exactly how custodial wallets work: the provider reserves the right to access
your funds when they like. That’s not exactly ideal!

On the other hand, using a non-custodial wallet is much like storing cash
physically; such as in a safe or under your floorboards. With this method,
only you control how and when you spend your funds. However, you’re also
responsible for storing it in a safe place. If anyone were to get a hold of
your cash, they could spend it. Similarly, anyone with access to your private
keys can manage the assets at that address. This is why it’s often said that
“with self-custody comes responsibility”.

## The Benefits of Self-Custody

So now you know what self-custody in crypto means, but let’s dive a little
deeper. There are a range of benefits of managing your assets yourself—and not
all of them are as obvious as the first.

### **Ownership**

If there’s one famous phrase in crypto it’s [Not your keys, not your
coins](https://www.ledger.com/academy/not-your-keys-not-your-coins-why-it-
matters)”. The truth is that without a non-custodial wallet, you don’t truly
own your assets.

At best this can mean inconveniences such as spending limits and transaction
fees, but the consequences can get much more severe than that. For example, if
a centralized wallet provider goes bankrupt or otherwise fails, you could lose
access to your funds—through no fault of your own!

Then, consider counterparty risk stemming from a centralized entity that uses
bank reserves. Even in crypto, some projects rely on bank reserves: fiat-
backed stablecoins are a good example. To put it simply, using a non-custodial
wallet for a coin doesn’t help if the centralized issuer relies on banks and
traditional financial institutions.

### **More Wallet Options  **

When you use a custodial wallet, you will likely be limited to a wallet
interface on a browser or mobile app. Conversely, when you self-custody your
crypto you have countless wallet options from which to choose.

To clarify, almost all non-custodial wallets today benefit from [BIP-32
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-
hd-wallets)and [BIP-39](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-
guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom) compatibility. Thanks to this
standardization, a single 12-24-word [seed
phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-
a-secret-recovery-phrase) can recover a near-infinite number of blockchain
addresses. What’s more, you can actually switch between non-custodial wallet
providers by importing your wallet using those 12-24 words. Unlike with
custodial wallets, you’re free to move from provider to provider as you’d
like. Even if the wallet provider you use goes out of business, you can easily
import your accounts into another non-custodial wallet’s interface. That’s
true ownership!

### **Enhanced Privacy  **

Privacy is a major topic of concern within crypto, given the nature of
blockchains as public ledgers. Indeed, many crypto users prefer to keep their
public wallet addresses completely anonymous to help maintain their privacy.
The thing is, this is only fully possible with a self-custody wallet.

Custodial wallets require you to undergo a full [Know Your Consumer (KYC)
process](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/know-your-customer-kyc),
which involves volunteering personal information like your name and address,
and even a form of photo identification. While this information might not
necessarily be tied to any public wallet address, you are putting your faith
in the wallet provider to keep it safe from any potential data leaks or
attackers.

### **Access to the Decentralized Ecosystem**

On smart contract-compatible chains, such as Ethereum and Solana, you’re
likely to access blockchain apps and services. Blockchain apps and
[dApps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-dapp), such as decentralized
exchanges, DeFi protocols, NFT marketplaces, and governance platforms; are
only compatible with a limited number of wallets, and usually, the accepted
wallet providers will be non-custodial. While some platforms may be compatible
with some of the larger custodial wallet providers, your access to the full
blockchain ecosystem hinges on whether you use a non-custodial wallet or not.

## Types of Self-Custody Wallet

So now you know about what self-custody entails, but what about the different
types of non-custodial wallets? Let’s dive into the most common types of non-
custodial crypto wallets you might encounter.

### **Software Wallet  **

A [software wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-
software-wallet), otherwise known as a hot wallet, is a crypto wallet you
download on your computer or mobile phone. Software wallets store your private
keys on their host device—the same device that connects to the internet.
Although non-custodial, software wallets are vulnerable to online threats such
as hacking. This makes them unsuitable for securing large amounts of
cryptocurrencies.

### **Paper Wallet  **

A paper wallet is simply a physical piece of paper with the private keys of an
account printed on it, typically in the form of a QR code. A paper wallet is
very secure, however, they aren’t very user-friendly. Sending and receiving
funds in accounts controlled by paper wallets can be challenging, particularly
for beginners.

### **Hardware Wallet  **

A [hardware wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet) is
a physical device that allows you to manage your assets while storing your
private keys completely offline. Since they store private keys in a chip
separate from your internet connection, hardware wallets are better protected
from malware and spyware than software wallets. Plus, since they have a
digital interface, they are much more user-friendly than paper wallets. It’s
important to note that hardware wallet models differ greatly, with varying
features and security measures to consider.

## Self-Custody Best Practices

Self-custody comes with responsibility. If you don’t practice it correctly you
could leave your assets at risk. Remember, blockchain transactions are
irreversible: you only have one shot. If you lose your crypto because of a
mistake or a scam, you’re unlikely to get it back. So, let’s explore how you
can practice self-custody securely.

### Protect Your Seed Phrase

Practicing self-custody properly means [keeping your seed phrase
safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/hardwarewallet/best-ways-to-protect-your-
recovery-phrase). Your seed phrase allows you to restore access to the
associated accounts —no matter the wallet provider or whether you have the
physical device or not.

So from the very beginning, you must record your seed phrase correctly. Any
mistakes with the spelling or word order of your seed phrase will prevent you
from recovering any associated accounts later.

Next, you should never record your seed phrase on a digital device. That
includes all phones, tablets, and computers, as well as all cloud storage
services. Digital devices and servers for cloud storage are hackable, which
could lead to your wallet being compromised.

Instead, you should store your seed phrase on something physical. A piece of
paper does it for most people, though some people choose to engrave their seed
phrase onto metal for extra security. Of course, you’ll want to store that
physical seed phrase somewhere safe from theft or damage. If you’re struggling
to find somewhere secure to store your seed phrase, you can always consider
using [Ledger Recover](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ledger-recover).
This paid optional service can help you create a backup for your wallet
access, using your ID instead of your seed phrase.

### Use a Hardware Wallet

Hackers and other malicious actors have many sophisticated ways of accessing
the information on devices connected to the internet. That means that if your
seed phrase is stored on a device that connects to the internet – like a
software wallet stores its data on your phone or laptop – it is susceptible to
being stolen by a hacker.

Using a hardware wallet is a must for anybody serious about self-custody. When
you use a hardware wallet your private keys are generated and stored
completely offline, protecting it from online threats.

Typically, hardware wallets also offer additional security measures against
physical hacking. For example, Ledger devices use a [Secure Element
chip](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-secure-element-whistanding-
security-attacks) to store private keys and drive their secure screens. These
pieces guarantee that what you see is what you sign.

### Segregate Your Crypto Assets

Even if you follow the above practices, there’s still one major vulnerability
when it comes to the security of your assets: _you._ User error, typically in
the form of signing a malicious transaction, is a major factor in users losing
their crypto. Sometimes the danger is impossible to avoid, especially when
[blind signing.](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-weakness-
blind-signing-explained) This is why Ledger recommends that you [segregate
your crypto assets.](https://www.ledger.com/academy/segregate-crypto-assets)

Each Ledger device can generate a near-infinite number of crypto accounts. Its
custom operating system BOLOS will guarantee your accounts work in siloes,
meaning the security of one account can’t affect the security of another, as
long as you’ve secured your seed phrase effectively.

By generating multiple accounts for different purposes, you can manage a [cold
account](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-
wallet), a [burner account](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-burner-
wallet), and more, all from the same interface. If you sign a malicious
transaction with one account, your assets in other accounts remain safe.

## **Secure Self-Custody: At The Core Of Ledger’s Security Model**

In the end, it’s important to understand that self-custody is a tradeoff,
though one with obvious benefits that also align with the foundational ethos
of crypto. When you choose self-custody you lose some convenience by taking on
complete responsibility for your assets, and it’s more than worth it for the
agency and security you get in return.

Ledger believes in the ethos that started with the Bitcoin whitepaper and sees
self-custody as an irremovable part of crypto. The world-class security of
[Ledger devices](https://shop.ledger.com/) makes self-custody a seamless
process, and with Ledger Live, buying, swapping, and managing your crypto
couldn’t be easier.

After all, if not self-custody then why crypto?

**Ledger**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Self-
Custody%20in%20Crypto%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto&title=What%20Is%20Self-Custody%20in%20Crypto%3F
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=24ee32a8-220f-4f0c-b9de-707f0a6a084e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=20b48fe7-adb5-4b28-b6a1-1a6b0076a1f2&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-
crypto&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=24ee32a8-220f-4f0c-b9de-707f0a6a084e&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=20b48fe7-adb5-4b28-b6a1-1a6b0076a1f2&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-
crypto&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=a9a68414-5dc8-4b61-afd9-4d8f78090f38&sid=2afa54901cfd11efbb40cb6be922a579&vid=2afa99401cfd11ef938acd4b33706483&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20Self-
Custody%20in%20Crypto%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto&r=&lt=1648&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=10942)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A34%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20Self-
Custody%20in%20Crypto%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fwhat-
is-self-custody-in-crypto&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

