[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Wallet

Connect

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

# Privacy Policy

PRIVACY

Last Updated: June 9, 2022

Parallel is an application that provides users with the opportunity to
purchase, collect, and showcase digital blockchain collectibles (collectively,
the “App”).  The App is proprietary to 12783185 Canada Inc. ("Parallel", "we",
or "us"). Parallel is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This privacy policy (this “Policy”) sets out how we collect and process
personal information about you when you visit our website at
https://www.parallelnft.com, when you sign up for or use the App, or when you
otherwise do business or make contact with us.  

1\. What information do we collect?

A. SUMMARY

PARALLEL collects data to enable us to operate the App effectively, and to
provide you with the best experience on the App. You provide some of this data
to us directly, such as when you register to use the App, subscribe to a
newsletter, respond to a survey, make an enquiry through our website, contact
us for support, or contact us as a prospective user, vendor, supplier, or
consultant. We get some of your data by recording how you interact with the
App by, for example, using technologies like cookies. We also obtain and
process data in the context of making the App available to you.

B. LEARN MORE

You have choices about the data we collect. When you are asked to provide
personal data, you may decline. But if you choose not to provide data that is
necessary to enable us to make the App available to you, you may not be able
to sign up for or use the App. The data we collect depends on the context of
your interactions with PARALLEL, and the choices you make (including your
privacy settings). The data we collect can include the following:

Email and Digital Wallet Address. We may collect your email address and your
electronic wallet address.

Device and Usage information. We may collect data about your device and how
you and your device interact with PARALLEL and our App. For example, we may
collect your interactions on our website, your feature usage patterns,
location data, and your interactions with us. We may also collect data about
your device and the network you use to connect to our App; this may include
data such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, and referring
URLs.

2\. What do we use your information for?

A. SUMMARY

We use the data we collect to operate our business and to make the App
available to you. This includes using the data to improve our App and to
personalize your experiences. We may also use the data to communicate with you
to, among other things, inform you about your account, provide security
updates, and give you information about the App. We may also use the data to
manage your email subscriptions, improve the relevance and security of our
website, respond to user enquiries, and send you periodic marketing
communications about our App.

B. LEARN MORE

We use data to provide the App to you, to improve the App, and to perform
essential business operations. This includes operating the App, maintaining
and improving the performance of the App, developing new features, conducting
research, providing customer support, and to enforce our Terms of Use.
Examples of such uses include the following:

Providing the App. We use data to carry out your transactions with us and to
make the App available to you. In certain cases, the App may include
personalized features and recommendations to enhance your enjoyment, and
automatically tailor your experience based on the data we have about you.

Technical support. We use data to diagnose problems, and to provide customer
care and other support services.

Improving the App. We use data to continually improve the App, including
system administration, system security, and adding new features or
capabilities.

Business Operations. We use data to develop aggregate analyses and business
intelligence that enable us to operate, protect, make informed decisions, and
report on the performance of our business.

Promotions. We may use your data to administer contests, promotions, surveys,
or other site features.

Improving Advertising Campaigns. We may use your data to improve our
advertising campaigns, primarily in an effort to prevent targeting you with
advertisements that are not relevant to you.

Sending Periodic Emails. We may use your data to send you periodic emails.
Depending on the marketing preferences you select on your privacy dashboard,
we may send you occasional marketing emails about our App, which you can
unsubscribe from at any time using the link provided in the message.

Communications. We use data we collect to communicate with you, and to
personalize our communications with you. For example, we may contact you to
discuss your account, to remind you about features of the App that are
available for your use, to update you about a support request, or to invite
you to participate in a survey. Additionally, you can sign up for email
subscriptions, and choose whether you want to receive marketing communications
from us.

3\. How do we protect your information?

We implement a variety of security measures in an effort to maintain the
security of your personal information, including organizational, technological
and physical measures. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied
sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology
and then encrypted into our gateway provider’s database.  We have also taken
measures to restrict access to personal information to only authorized
persons, who are required to keep the information confidential.

Like most companies, we cannot guarantee that our safeguards will always be
effective.  A breach of security safeguards can result in such risks as
phishing and identity theft. In such cases, we act promptly to mitigate the
risks and to inform you where there is a real risk of significant harm, or as
otherwise required by law.

4\. How do we ensure that our processing systems remain confidential,
resilient, and available?

A. SUMMARY

We implement a variety of measures in an effort to ensure that our processing
systems remain confidential, resilient, and available. Specifically, we have
implemented processes to help ensure high availability, business continuity,
and prompt disaster recovery. We commit to maintaining strong physical and
logical access controls, and conduct regular penetration testing to identify
and address potential vulnerabilities.

5\. Do we use cookies?

A. SUMMARY

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to
your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that
enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and
capture and remember certain information. You can choose to disable cookies,
but if you do, your ability to use or access certain parts of the App may be
affected.

B. LEARN MORE

We use cookies and other similar identifiers to understand and save your
preferences for future visits, to advertise to you on other sites, and to
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can
offer better site experiences and tools in the future.

You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser
that allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. You can find information on
popular browsers and how to adjust your cookie preferences at the following
websites:

Microsoft Internet Explorer

Mozilla Firefox

Google Chrome

Apple Safari

However, if you choose to disable cookies, you may be unable to access certain
parts of our website. A banner asking you to accept our cookies policy will be
displayed upon the first visit to our website (or the first visit after you
delete your cookies). Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it
will refuse cookies and/or you have not accepted our cookies policy, our
system will issue cookies when you log on to our site.

Our web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (also called
single-pixel gifs) that we use to help deliver cookies on our websites and to
count users who have visited those websites. We may also include web beacons
in our promotional email messages or newsletters, to determine whether and
when you open and act on them.

In addition to placing web beacons on our own websites, we sometimes work with
other companies to place our web beacons on their websites or in their
advertisements. This helps us to develop statistics on how often clicking on
an advertisement on a PARALLEL website results in a purchase or other action
on the advertiser's website.

Finally, our App may contain web beacons or similar technologies from third-
party analytics providers that help us compile aggregated statistics about the
effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations. These
technologies enable the analytics providers to set or read their own cookies
or other identifiers on your device, through which they can collect
information about your online activities across applications, websites or
other products.

6\. Do we disclose any information to outside parties?

A. SUMMARY

We disclose your personal data with your consent, or as necessary to make the
App available to you. We may share your data with: vendors working on our
behalf and our affiliates and licensees providing services on our behalf.  We
may also disclose your personal data when required by law or to respond to
legal process, to protect our customers, to protect lives, to maintain the
security and integrity of our App, and to protect our rights or our property.

B. LEARN MORE

We disclose your personal data with your consent, or as necessary to make the
App available to you. You have the right to refuse, but if you do refuse, you
may not be able to complete your registration or use the App.

We also transfer personal data with vendors, licensees or agents working on
our behalf for the purposes described in this Policy. For example, companies
we have hired to provide CARD minting services, cloud hosting services, off-
site backups, and customer support may need access to personal data to provide
those functions. In such cases, these companies are required to abide by our
data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal
data they receive from us for any other purpose.  If you have questions or
concerns about any of our vendors, feel free to contact us at
[info@parallelnft.com](mailto:info@parallelnft.com).  

We also transfer your personal data to our affiliates or related parties where
they may provide services on our behalf.

We may transfer your personal data as part of a corporate transaction such as
a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event.
Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and/or preserve personal data,
when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:

  * • comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, judicial orders, or subpoenas;
  * • respond to requests from public or governmental authorities, including for national security or law enforcement purposes;
  * • protect the vital interests of our users, customers, or other third parties (including, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone);
  * • operate and maintain the security or integrity of our App, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks;
  * • protect the rights, interests or property of PARALLEL or third parties;
  * • prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the App; or
  * • enforce our [Terms of Use](https://parallel.life/terms-of-use/).

We may use and share aggregated non-personal information with third parties
for marketing, advertising, and analytics purposes. We do not sell or trade
your personal information to third parties.

7\. How to Access and Control Your Personal Data

A. SUMMARY

You can view, access, edit, delete, or request a copy of your personal data
for many aspects of the App via your user dashboard. You can also make choices
about PARALLEL’s collection and use of your data. You can always choose
whether you want to receive marketing communications from us. You can also opt
out from receiving marketing communications from us by using the opt-out link
on the communication, or by visiting your user dashboard.

B. LEARN MORE

Data Access. You can access your personal data on your account’s user
dashboard.

Data Correction. You can modify your personal data via your account’s user
dashboard. Note that since some of the data we collect is specific to you –
for example, your electronic wallet address – you may not be able to modify
this data without needing to create a new user profile.

Your Communications Preferences. You can choose whether you wish to receive
marketing communications from us. If you receive marketing communications from
us and would like to opt out, you can do so by following the directions in
that communication. You can also make choices about your receipt of marketing
communications by signing into your account, and viewing and managing your
communication permissions in your account’s user dashboard, where you can
update contact information, manage your contact preferences, opt out of email
subscriptions, and choose whether to share your contact information with
PARALLEL and our partners. Alternatively, you can request that we withdraw
your consent to use your personal data by submitting an email to us at
[info@parallelnft.com](mailto:info@parallelnft.com) and including “Please
withdraw my consent for marketing communications” in the “Subject” line.
PARALLEL will verify your ability to access that email, then update our
systems to remove your email address from the system we use to send marketing
communications. We will use reasonable efforts to respond to your request
within 30 days of our receipt of verification of the request. Please note that
these choices do not apply to mandatory communications that are part of the
App, or to surveys or other informational communications that have their own
unsubscribe method.

8\. Third Party Links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products
or services on our website or through our App. If you access other websites
using the links provided, the operators of these websites may collect
information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their
privacy policies. These third party sites have separate and independent
privacy policies. We, therefore, have no responsibility or liability for the
content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect
the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

9\. Where we Store and Process Personal Data; International Transfers

Personal data collected by PARALLEL may be stored and processed in the United
States, Canada, or in any other country where PARALLEL or its affiliates,
subsidiaries or service providers maintain facilities. The storage location(s)
are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to
create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or
other problem. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed
according to the provisions of this Policy and the requirements of applicable
law wherever the data is located.

Also, we transfer personal data from the European Economic Area and
Switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the
European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. To learn
more about the European Commission’s decisions on the adequacy of the
protection of personal data in the countries where PARALLEL processes personal
data, please visit: ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/international-
transfers/adequacy/index_en.htm

While your personal data is outside of Canada, it is subject to the laws of
the country in which it is located, which may have different data protection
laws than Canada.  Those laws may require disclosure of your personal data to
authorities in that country. For more information about our policies and
practices regarding service providers outside of Canada, contact our Data
Protection Officer using the contact information in the “How to Contact Us”
section below.

When we transfer personal data across any international border, we use a
variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights
and protections travel with your data.

10\. Data Retention

A. SUMMARY

We may retain your personal information as long as you continue to use the
App, have an account with us, or for as long as is necessary to fulfill the
purposes outlined in this Policy. You can ask to close your account by
contacting us as described above, and we will delete your personal information
on request. We may, however, retain personal information for an additional
period as is permitted or required under applicable laws, for legal, tax, or
regulatory reasons, or for legitimate and lawful business purposes.

B. LEARN MORE

We will retain your personal data for as long as necessary to make the App
available to you, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our
legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because
these needs can vary for different types of data, actual retention periods can
vary significantly. The criteria we use to determine the retention periods
include:

  * • How long is the personal data needed to make the App available to you and/or operate our business? This includes such things such as maintaining and improving the performance of the App, keeping our systems secure, and maintaining appropriate business and financial records. This is the general rule that establishes the baseline for most data retention periods.
  * • Is there an automated control, such as in your user dashboard, that enables you to access and delete the personal data at any time? If there is not, a shortened data retention time will generally be adopted.
  * • Is the personal data of a sensitive type? If so, a shortened retention time would generally be appropriate.
  * • Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period? If so, we will retain the data in accordance with your consent.
  * • Is PARALLEL subject to a legal, contractual, or similar obligation to retain the data? Examples can include mandatory data retention laws in the applicable jurisdiction, government orders to preserve data relevant to an investigation, or data that must be retained for the purposes of litigation.

11\. Changes to our Privacy Policy

We will update this Policy when necessary to reflect customer feedback and
changes to our App. When we post changes to this statement, we will revise the
"last updated" date at the top of the statement. If there are material changes
to the Policy or in how PARALLEL will use your personal data, we will notify
you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes before they take
effect or by sending you a notification directly. We encourage you to
periodically review this privacy statement to learn how PARALLEL is protecting
your information.

12.  California Resident Rights

If you are a California resident, you have the rights set forth in this
section. Please see the “Exercising Your Rights” section below for
instructions regarding how to exercise these rights. If there are any
conflicts between this section and any other provision of this Privacy Policy
and you are a California resident, the portion that is more protective of your
personally-identifiable data will control to the extent of such conflict. If
you have any questions about this section or whether any of the following
rights apply to you, please contact us at
[info@parallelnft.com](mailto:info@parallelnft.com)

Exercising Your Rights

Please follow the instructions and requirements described below when
submitting your requests. Requests that fail to comply with any of these
instructions and requirements may result in delayed or no response.

To exercise the rights described below as a California resident, you must send
us a request (1) that provides sufficient information to allow us to verify
that (i) you are the person about whom we have collected personal data, (ii)
you, as the requester, are the same person as the data subject for whose
information you’re requesting (or such person’s parent/guardian), (2) that
describes your request in sufficient detail to allow us to understand,
evaluate and respond to it, (3) that declares, under the penalty of perjury,
that you’re exercising your rights under the CCPA as a California resident
solely for lawful purposes, and (4) in a way that does not and would not
unduly burden or otherwise abuse our data request system and/or our App. Each
request that meets all of these criteria, and which is confirmed via email
verification, will be considered a “Valid Request.” We may not respond to
requests that do not meet these criteria. We will use commercially reasonable
efforts to determine whether a request may be for harmful, fraudulent,
deceptive, threatening, harassing, defamatory, obscene, or otherwise
objectionable purposes, and we reserve the right not to respond to such
request. We will only use your personal data provided in a Valid Request to
verify your identity and complete your request. You do not need an account on
the App to submit a Valid Request.

We will work to respond to your Valid Request within 45 days of receipt. We
will not charge you a fee for making a Valid Request unless your Valid
Request(s) is excessive, repetitive or manifestly unfounded. If we determine
that your Valid Request warrants a fee, we will notify you of the fee and
explain that decision before completing your request.

You may submit a Valid Request using the following methods:

  * • Email us at: [info@parallelnft.com](mailto:info@parallelnft.com)

You may also authorize an agent (an “Authorized Agent”) to exercise your
rights on your behalf. To do this, you must provide your Authorized Agent with
written permission to exercise your rights on your behalf, and we may request
a copy of this written permission from your Authorized Agent when they make a
request on your behalf.

Access

You have the right to request certain information about our collection and use
of your personal data over the past 12 months. In response to a Valid Request,
we will provide you with the following information:

  * • The categories of personal data that you requested and that we have collected about you.
  * • The categories of sources from which that personal data was collected.
  * • The business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal data.
  * • The categories of third parties with whom we have shared your personal data.
  * • The specific pieces of Personal Data that you explicitly requested and that we have collected about you.

If we have disclosed your personal data to any third parties for a business
purpose over the past 12 months, we will identify the categories of personal
data shared with each category of third party recipient.

Deletion

You have the right to request that we delete the personal data that we have
collected about you. Under the CCPA, this right is subject to certain
exceptions: for example, we may need to retain your personal data to provide
you with access to the App or complete a transaction or other action you have
requested. If your deletion request is subject to one of these exceptions, we
may deny your deletion request.

We Do Not Sell Your Personal Data

In this section, we use the term ‘sell’ as it is defined in the CCPA. We do
not sell your personal data.

We Will Not Discriminate Against You for Exercising Your Rights Under the CCPA

We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the
CCPA. We will not deny you our goods or services, charge you different prices
or rates, or provide you a lower quality of goods and services if you exercise
your rights under the CCPA. However, we may offer different tiers of our
products or services as allowed by applicable data privacy laws (including the
CCPA) with varying prices, rates or levels of quality of the goods or services
you receive related to the value of personal data that we receive from you.

13\. How to Contact Us

If you have a technical or support question, please contact
[info@parallelnft.com](mailto:info@parallelnft.com).

If you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for the Data
Protection Officer of PARALLEL, please contact us by:

Email:

[info@parallelnft.com](mailto:info@parallelnft.com)

Mail:

180 John St.

Toronto, ON

Canada

M5T 1X5

We will respond to questions or concerns within 30 days.

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)//[Terms of Use](/terms-of-use)

© COPYRIGHT ⁨2024⁩ PARALLEL STUDIOS

[Discord](https://discord.gg/paralleltcg)//[Twitter](https://twitter.com/paralleltcg/)

  1. Cookie Policy

We use and store cookies to improve your browsing experience, analyze usage
and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline to refuse non essential
cookies.

[Cookie Policy](/privacy-policy).

Accept All

Decline

Notification Cookie PolicyWe use and store cookies to improve your browsing
experience, analyze usage and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline
to refuse non essential cookies. Cookie Policy.Accept All
Cookies![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=2467819a-f806-41fd-95e8-8530505568ce&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=89677595-73aa-4eef-a49a-884d08ad63da&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fprivacy-
policy&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=2467819a-f806-41fd-95e8-8530505568ce&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=89677595-73aa-4eef-a49a-884d08ad63da&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fprivacy-
policy&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

