Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Simple serialize

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * How does SSZ work?
    * Serialization
    * Deserialization
  * Merkleization
  * Generalized indices
  * Multiproofs
  * Further reading

**Simple serialize (SSZ)** is the serialization method used on the Beacon
Chain. It replaces the RLP serialization used on the execution layer
everywhere across the consensus layer except the peer discovery protocol. SSZ
is designed to be deterministic and also to Merkleize efficiently. SSZ can be
thought of as having two components: a serialization scheme and a
Merkleization scheme that is designed to work efficiently with the serialized
data structure.

## How does SSZ work?

### Serialization

SSZ is a serialization scheme that is not self-describing - rather it relies
on a schema that must be known in advance. The goal of SSZ serialization is to
represent objects of arbitrary complexity as strings of bytes. This is a very
simple process for "basic types". The element is simply converted to
hexadecimal bytes. Basic types include:

  * unsigned integers
  * Booleans

For complex "composite" types, serialization is more complicated because the
composite type contains multiple elements that might have different types or
different sizes, or both. Where these objects all have fixed lengths (i.e. the
size of the elements is always going to be constant irrespective of their
actual values) the serialization is simply a conversion of each element in the
composite type ordered into little-endian bytestrings. These bytestrings are
joined together. The serialized object has the bytelist representation of the
fixed-length elements in the same order as they appear in the deserialized
object.

For types with variable lengths, the actual data gets replaced by an "offset"
value in that element's position in the serialized object. The actual data
gets added to a heap at the end of the serialized object. The offset value is
the index for the start of the actual data in the heap, acting as a pointer to
the relevant bytes.

The example below illustrates how the offsetting works for a container with
both fixed and variable-length elements:

    
    
    1
    
    2    struct Dummy {
    
    3
    
    4        number1: u64,
    
    5        number2: u64,
    
    6        vector: Vec<u8>,
    
    7        number3: u64
    
    8    }
    
    9
    
    10    dummy = Dummy{
    
    11
    
    12        number1: 37,
    
    13        number2: 55,
    
    14        vector: vec![1,2,3,4],
    
    15        number3: 22,
    
    16    }
    
    17
    
    18    serialized = ssz.serialize(dummy)
    
    19
    
    Show all

`serialized` would have the following structure (only padded to 4 bits here,
padded to 32 bits in reality, and keeping the `int` representation for
clarity):

    
    
    1[37, 0, 0, 0, 55, 0, 0, 0, 16, 0, 0, 0, 22, 0, 0, 0, 1, 2, 3, 4]
    
    2------------  -----------  -----------  -----------  ----------
    
    3      |             |            |           |            |
    
    4   number1       number2    offset for    number 3    value for
    
    5                              vector                   vector
    
    6

divided over lines for clarity:

    
    
    1[
    
    2  37, 0, 0, 0,  # little-endian encoding of `number1`.
    
    3  55, 0, 0, 0,  # little-endian encoding of `number2`.
    
    4  16, 0, 0, 0,  # The "offset" that indicates where the value of `vector` starts (little-endian 16).
    
    5  22, 0, 0, 0,  # little-endian encoding of `number3`.
    
    6  1, 2, 3, 4,   # The actual values in `vector`.
    
    7]

This is still a simplification - the integers and zeros in the schematics
above would actually be stored bytelists, like this:

    
    
    1[
    
    2  10100101000000000000000000000000  # little-endian encoding of `number1`
    
    3  10110111000000000000000000000000  # little-endian encoding of `number2`.
    
    4  10010000000000000000000000000000  # The "offset" that indicates where the value of `vector` starts (little-endian 16).
    
    5  10010110000000000000000000000000  # little-endian encoding of `number3`.
    
    6  10000001100000101000001110000100   # The actual value of the `bytes` field.
    
    7]

So the actual values for variable-length types are stored in a heap at the end
of the serialized object with their offsets stored in their correct positions
in the ordered list of fields.

There are also some special cases that require specific treatment, such as the
`BitList` type that requires a length cap to be added during serialization and
removed during deserialization. Full details are available in the [SSZ
spec(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-
specs/blob/dev/ssz/simple-serialize.md).

### Deserialization

To deserialize this object requires the **schema**. The schema defines the
precise layout of the serialized data so that each specific element can be
deserialized from a blob of bytes into some meaningful object with the
elements having the right type, value, size and position. It is the schema
that tells the deserializer which values are actual values and which ones are
offsets. All field names disappear when an object is serialized, but
reinstantiated on deserialization according to the schema.

See [ssz.dev(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ssz.dev/overview) for an
interactive explainer on this.

## Merkleization

This SSZ serialized object can then be merkleized - that is transformed into a
Merkle-tree representation of the same data. First, the number of 32-byte
chunks in the serialized object is determined. These are the "leaves" of the
tree. The total number of leaves must be a power of 2 so that hashing together
the leaves eventually produces a single hash-tree-root. If this is not
naturally the case, additional leaves containing 32 bytes of zeros are added.
Diagrammatically:

    
    
    1        hash tree root
    
    2            /     \
    
    3           /       \
    
    4          /         \
    
    5         /           \
    
    6   hash of leaves  hash of leaves
    
    7     1 and 2         3 and 4
    
    8      /   \            /  \
    
    9     /     \          /    \
    
    10    /       \        /      \
    
    11 leaf1     leaf2  leaf3     leaf4
    
    Show all

There are also cases where the leaves of the tree do not naturally evenly
distribute in the way they do in the example above. For example, leaf 4 could
be a container with multiple elements that require additional "depth" to be
added to the Merkle tree, creating an uneven tree.

Instead of referring to these tree elements as leaf X, node X etc, we can give
them generalized indices, starting with root = 1 and counting from left to
right along each level. This is the generalized index explained above. Each
element in the serialized list has a generalized index equal to `2**depth +
idx` where idx is its zero-indexed position in the serialized object and the
depth is the number of levels in the Merkle tree, which can be determined as
the base-two logarithm of the number of elements (leaves).

## Generalized indices

A generalized index is an integer that represents a node in a binary Merkle
tree where each node has a generalized index `2 ** depth + index in row`.

    
    
    1        1           --depth = 0  2**0 + 0 = 1
    
    2    2       3       --depth = 1  2**1 + 0 = 2, 2**1+1 = 3
    
    3  4   5   6   7     --depth = 2  2**2 + 0 = 4, 2**2 + 1 = 5...
    
    4

This representation yields a node index for each piece of data in the Merkle
tree.

## Multiproofs

Providing the list of generalized indices representing a specific element
allows us to verify it against the hash-tree-root. This root is our accepted
version of reality. Any data we are provided can be verified against that
reality by inserting it into the right place in the Merkle tree (determined by
its generalized index) and observing that the root remains constant. There are
functions in the spec [here(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/blob/dev/ssz/merkle-
proofs.md#merkle-multiproofs) that show how to compute the minimal set of
nodes required to verify the contents of a particular set of generalized
indices.

For example, to verify data in index 9 in the tree below, we need the hash of
the data at indices 8, 9, 5, 3, 1. The hash of (8,9) should equal hash (4),
which hashes with 5 to produce 2, which hashes with 3 to produce the tree root
1. If incorrect data was provided for 9, the root would change - we would
detect this and fail to verify the branch.

    
    
    1* = data required to generate proof
    
    2
    
    3                    1*
    
    4          2                      3*
    
    5    4          5*          6          7
    
    68*     9*   10    11   12    13    14    15
    
    7

## Further reading

  * [Upgrading Ethereum: SSZ(opens in a new tab)](https://eth2book.info/altair/part2/building_blocks/ssz)
  * [Upgrading Ethereum: Merkleization(opens in a new tab)](https://eth2book.info/altair/part2/building_blocks/merkleization)
  * [SSZ implementations(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/consensus-specs/issues/2138)
  * [SSZ calculator(opens in a new tab)](https://simpleserialize.com/)
  * [SSZ.dev(opens in a new tab)](https://www.ssz.dev/)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/ssz/index.md)
  * On this page

    * How does SSZ work?
      * Serialization
      * Deserialization
    * Merkleization
    * Generalized indices
    * Multiproofs
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

