[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2V4cGxvcmluZy1kdWFsLWludmVzdG1lbnRzLW5ldy1hdXRvY29tcG91bmQtZmVhdHVyZS0zNDc5NDU4NDIwNjczNDUyOTUzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL2V4cGxvcmluZy1kdWFsLWludmVzdG1lbnRzLW5ldy1hdXRvY29tcG91bmQtZmVhdHVyZS0zNDc5NDU4NDIwNjczNDUyOTUzP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Exploring Dual Investment’s New Auto-Compound Feature

2022-08-08

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220805/d982aef8-e07b-4efc-9dd1-316b86c72708)

## Main Takeaway

  * **With Dual Investment you have a chance to buy crypto at a lower price or sell crypto at a higher price in the future, while earning rewards.  **

  * **In order to earn compound interest using Dual Investment, users must re-subscribe to a new Dual Investment position at or after the Settlement Date.**

  * **The new Auto-Compound feature takes the work out of rolling over new “Buy Low” and “Sell High” positions yourself.**

  * **If you opt for the Advanced Plan, Binance will automatically subscribe to a new position when the Target Price is reached.**

_Automating the compounding process can be a real time saver. If you’re
using_[Dual Investment](https://app.binance.com/en/dual-
investment?_dp=L2Vhcm5zL2R1YWw=) _, its new feature can help you reinvest by
removing the hassle of manually subscribing ._

Compounding is an age-old financial concept. In fact, it’s such a fundamental
you’ll almost certainly have covered it in math class at school. For example,
with a traditional savings account, compounding implies you simply take your
interest earned and reinvest it. With each period you earn, you take those
gains and put them back into whatever is generating you income. So, rather
than making a constant rate of return, you earn one that is constantly
increasing. Brought back some memories yet?

### But how does compounding work for Dual Investment?

When it comes to Dual Investment, compounding does not only exponentially
increase the opportunity to earn crypto rewards, it also exponentially
increases the risk for principal loss.  
**That’s why you should seriously consider your risks when subscribing to any
products that offer compounding, especially Dual Investment.  **

Let’s then look at how Dual Investment and its auto-compound feature work and
examine the risks associated with the Dual Investment Auto-Compound feature.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220808/7085af49-3d94-44f5-af69-1f97d860974a)](https://app.binance.com/en/dual-
investment?_dp=L2Vhcm5zL2R1YWw=)

## How Does Dual Investment Work?

Binance [Dual Investment](https://app.binance.com/en/dual-
investment?_dp=L2Vhcm5zL2R1YWw=) provides a chance in the future to buy crypto
at an agreed price in the future. It also lets users earn yield during the
subscription period, regardless of how the market moves. Dual Investment can
be seen as an alternative to spot trading with limit orders on the Binance
trading platform.

Dual Investment has two products: **Buy Low** and **Sell High**.

Buy Low products provide a chance to buy a target crypto in the future at a
lower price. Sell High products provide a chance to sell your existing crypto
in the future at a higher price.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220808/be74f630-ffae-4f0d-9cb1-c83f5f1a35c1)

### Two common Dual Investment strategies

Dual Investment offers a variety of strategies you can employ depending on
your view of the current state of the market. These two are the most common:

  1. Buy Low or Sell High: For users who would like to buy for a lower price or sell for a higher price. Dual Investment is an attractive option here as there are no trading fees, and it allows you a chance to earn crypto interest on your buy or sell order.

  2. Growing HODLed crypto or stablecoin stash: For users who don’t have the intention to buy or sell but want to earn crypto interest.

**As always, investing has an inherent risk. These strategies should only be
used by experienced investors who feel comfortable in volatile markets.  **

Our [support
article](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/09911be9f5754c34806bd3ab4a427e0e)
has all the details you need to learn more about how Dual Investment works. If
you’d like to explore our strategies further, you can find a selection in our
[Academy article](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/top-6-dual-
investment-trading-strategies).

## So How Do I Use Auto-Compound with Dual Investment?

If you hadn’t already spotted it, Dual Investment has two opportunities for
auto-compounding. First, you always gain interest that can be reinvested when
your Target Price isn’t reached. Second, you may also make some gains to
reinvest by buying or selling your crypto through the product after your
Target Price was reached. You could, of course, do all this manually. However,
that takes time and effort to do and can be more efficiently handled through
automation.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220808/b1be6c88-6a92-41a2-a5ce-32ff65b07c69)On
any open Dual Investment position’s Settlement Date, you can automatically re-
subscribe to a new position. This will then have a Settlement Date on the next
available Settlement Date.

BTC and ETH settlement dates occur every Tuesday and Friday. All other digital
assets have Settlement Dates on Fridays. You can turn on/off the Auto-Compound
feature up to 30 minutes before the Settlement Date.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220808/e06a5d80-382d-4808-8800-0546c2037a99)

### Two plans offered by Auto-Compound

**Basic Plan**

If your Target Price is reached, Auto-Compound will stop, close the position,
and distribute the returns.  If the Target Price isn’t reached, Auto-Compound
will create a new position that compounds your gained interest.

For example, your Sell High position will roll on to a new Sell High position
with the next available Settlement Date.

**Advanced Plan**

If the Target Price is reached, the system will automatically subscribe to a
new, opposite position with settlement on the next available Settlement Date.
If the Target Price isn’t reached, the system automatically subscribes to a
new position with settlement on the next available Settlement Date. The
product will, however, stay the same.

For example, you subscribed to a Buy Low product, and the Target Price isn’t
reached. Auto-Compound will open a new Buy Low position for you. If the Target
Price is reached, it will open a new Sell High position.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220808/f1024606-63ba-475b-9a15-7f346a54c6d4)](https://app.binance.com/en/dual-
investment?_dp=L2Vhcm5zL2R1YWw=)

## Compounding Can Be a Time Saver

If you’re a fan of Dual Investment already and want to reinvest your position
after the settlement date, Auto-Compound takes the hassle out of doing it
yourself.

However, you should seriously consider whether reinvesting is correct for your
risk tolerance and strategy. Sometimes it may be worth just HODLing your
gains. Not only can Auto-compounding lead to more gains but also to more
losses, so please make sure to research the feature thoroughly.

For more detailed information on how to use Dual Investment Auto-Compounding,
as well as the terms, conditions, and risks, refer to the following FAQs and
guides:

  * (Blog) [How To Use Binance Earn To Earn Compound Interest](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/earn/how-to-use-binance-earn-to-earn-compound-interest-and-maximize-your-crypto-gains-421499824684902934)

  * (Support) [Dual Investment Auto-Compound Terms & Conditions](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/caf6fdf67d544fcca8488b87589cdae3) 

  * (Academy) [A Quick Guide to Binance Dual Investment](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/a-quick-guide-to-binance-dual-savings)

  * (Academy) [Top 6 Dual Investment Trading Strategies](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/top-6-dual-investment-trading-strategies#:~:text=Dual%20Investment%20is%20one%20of,which%20direction%20the%20market%20goes)~~ _ _~~

  * (Acacemy) [A Beginners Guide to Understanding Risk Management](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/a-beginners-guide-to-understanding-risk-management)

 _**Disclaimer:**__For Dual Investment products, the reward that you will be
able to receive is fixed, and will be distributed according to the advertised
Deposit Currency APY*. You may be better off holding your cryptocurrency, and
may be required to trade your cryptocurrency at a less favorable rate of
exchange than the market rate on Settlement Date. Binance does not assume
liability for any losses incurred from price fluctuations.  _

_*APY refers to cryptocurrency rewards in Deposit Currency, not actual or
predicted returns in fiat or the Target Currency._

195,017,691 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Exploring Dual Investment’s New Auto-Compound Feature

Main Takeaway

How Does Dual Investment Work?

So How Do I Use Auto-Compound with Dual Investment?

Compounding Can Be a Time Saver

195,017,691 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

