[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/stake-your-cardano-ada-through-ledger-live)
__[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Product](https://www.ledger.com/category/product-news "Product") | 08/22/2023 

# Stake Your Cardano (ADA) & Earn Rewards Through Ledger Live

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/stake-your-cardano-ada-through-ledger-live)
__[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

Things to know:_  
_  
---  
  
– _You can now securely stake your Cardano (ADA) tokens through your Ledger
Live Desktop app._  
  
– _Cardano is a popular Layer 1 Proof-of-Stake blockchain offering improved
transaction speed, scalability, and a growing ecosystem of DApps.  _  
  
– _Ledger Live enables you to manage your digital assets with the security of
your_[ _Ledger Nano Hardware Wallet_](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-
wallets-comparison) _.  
_  
  
  
As you might know, you can already [manage your Cardano (ADA)
coins](https://www.ledger.com/cardano-is-here-buy-manage-your-ada-in-ledger-
live) and the protocol’s [100 native
tokens](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-expands-cardano-support-
manage-100-native-tokens-with-ledger-live) through your Ledger Live app.

We’re glad to announce that we’re reaching a new milestone in supporting the
Cardano ecosystem, as you can now stake your ADA coins and collect your
rewards through your Ledger Live Desktop app without leaving our secure
ecosystem.

Cardano staking is only available for your desktop app (for now) but a mobile
version will be available soon.

ADA staking works with the [Ledger by
Figment](https://figment.io/staking/custodial-guides/ledger/) validator, one
of the biggest service providers for staking. This partnership brings security
and simplicity to your staking opportunities in ADA, SOL, CELO, and many more
coins.

Find more information [here](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-partners-with-
figment-securely-stake-your-coins-on-ledger-nodes).

## How to stake your ADA through Ledger?

Staking your ADA through Ledger is as simple as pie. Just follow these simple
steps:

  1. Connect your Ledger device to a computer, open Ledger Live, and navigate to Accounts.
  2. Select your Cardano account and click “Stake.”
  3. Enter the amount of ADA you want to delegate, then click Continue. Select Ledger by Figment as a validator and click “Continue” again. (You can also select a different validator)
  4. Open the Cardano app on your Ledger device, review transaction details again, and press both buttons to confirm.

And it’s done! You’ll see a message stating that you’ve successfully staked
your ADA tokens. You can find more information about delegating and
undelegating your ADA tokens
[here.](https://support.ledger.com/hc/articles/7880073204253?support=true)

We also recently announced the upcoming ‘Earn’ section in Ledger Live, where
you will be able to monitor your rewards, grow your assets, and discover new
opportunities, all within the comfort of your Ledger Live app. More
information on this announcement [here](https://www.ledger.com/blog/ledger-
live-earn-dashboard-available-to-10-of-users-let-us-know-what-you-think), and
you can learn how to use this feature with [this Ledger Support
article](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/11992000180125-How-to-
use-Earn-section-in-Ledger-Live?docs=true).

## Cardano: a popular proof-of-stake Blockchain

Cardano was created in 2015 by Charles Hoskinson, one of the Ethereum co-
founders. This protocol is a proof-of-stake public blockchain and one of the
world’s biggest cryptocurrencies by market cap.

The platform says its goal is to allow “changemakers, innovators, and
visionaries” to bring about positive global change. It aims to “redistribute
power from unaccountable structures to the margins to individuals.” Cardano is
often dubbed an “Ethereum-killer” as it tries to improve this protocol by
solving the scalability problems encountered by the network.

The ADA coin is the coin that powers the Cardano network. It was launched with
an ICO (Initial Coin Offering) that generated more than $62 million. People
use ADA coins to pay transaction fees. ADA holders are also entitled to have a
say on project developments, vote, debate, support and engage in the decision-
making process.

You can read our [Ledger Academy
article](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/the-race-to-web-3-ethereum-
vs-cardano-vs-polkadot) to learn more about Cardano.

## Stake Securely Through The Ledger Ecosystem

Crypto staking allows you to earn rewards when holding your digital assets
passively. Staking through Ledger Live brings multiple benefits:

  * Highly Secure: Grow your assets while securely holding them with [your Ledger device.](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Supports multiple currencies: Ledger Live lets you securely stake many coins, including [ETH](https://www.ledger.com/staking-ethereum), [SOL](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/solana), [ATOM](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos), and [DOT](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot).

  * All in one place: With our partners, you can buy, swap, and stake through [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live). All your crypto needs in one app.

Keep up-to-date with our latest announcements and thought leadership insights
with our [blog](https://www.ledger.com/blogs).

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-from-
ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s
CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 05/28/2024 

Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gaut...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-ledger-stax-now-shipping-a-message-
from-ledgers-ceo-pascal-gauthier "Ledger Stax Now Shipping: A Message From
Ledger’s CEO Pascal Gauthier")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=fc839dcf-b5a0-449c-819c-e5d6e7fe5cda&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a3f4227a-5bb8-49e4-a054-75bb0fd8e2a6&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstake-
your-cardano-ada-through-ledger-
live&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=fc839dcf-b5a0-449c-819c-e5d6e7fe5cda&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a3f4227a-5bb8-49e4-a054-75bb0fd8e2a6&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstake-
your-cardano-ada-through-ledger-
live&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=9786c467-1561-4aac-9409-4edd4a496647&sid=7171a1701cfe11efaa6d39807fcc8d34&vid=7171a6401cfe11ef93815bfd339b6cd4&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Stake%20Your%20Cardano%20\(ADA\)%20%26%20Earn%20Rewards%20Through%20Ledger%20Live%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fstake-
your-cardano-ada-through-ledger-live&r=&lt=1497&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=279119)

