Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Governance

# **Protect operations**  
with scalable governance

Transform complex business processes into automatically-enforced system
policies leveraging highly scalable governance frameworks with no central
points of compromise.

[Be compliant, now and in the future](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Be
compliant, now and in the future")

## **Seamlessly scale** in a secure  
and compliant manner

Scale use cases beyond custody with a versatile governance framework covering
all administrative processes, transactions and assets managed on the platform,
as well as those externally managed on exchanges and DApps.

  * __

### Leverage predefined policies

Leverage our pre-configured model-bank governance frameworks, for fast yet
compliant go-to-market.

  * __

### Customize and refine your policies

Leverage our visual builder to develop your own policies that satisfy
stringent internal controls and risk management frameworks.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/governance-and-
policies.png?x88149)

  * ### **Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls**

Own your policies and meet regulatory requirements with hyper granular
parameters, conditions and workflows configurable via a policy builder.

  * ### **No central points of compromise or super admin**

Eliminate threat vectors related to super admins or collusion thanks to a
fully decentralized architecture ensuring multiple controls for all critical
operations at the infrastructure and software layers.

  * ### **End-to-end automation services, at scale**

Increase straight-through-processing by automating chain forensic checks and
other compliance processes, by managing quarantines of incoming transfers, and
by having proper controls around the whitelisting of addresses.

  * ### **Full segregation of business units**

Leverage the platform’s multi-domain capability to segregate and map access
rights and processes according to the structure of your institution and with
proper supervision and group-wide compliance.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/domains-
addresses-1280x1280.png?x88149)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/maxime_de_guillebon-640x640.jpeg?x88149)

Testimonials

“Zodia’s collaboration with **Metaco** allows us to safeguard and manage
crypto assets for institutions. **Metaco Harmonize** allows us to co-innovate
and build on top of a secure, flexible and modular platform, providing Zodia
with an agile infrastructure equally fit for the regulations and conditions
currently in place, but also for any possible future ones.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/zodia-logo.svg?x88149)

Maxime de Guillebon

CEO at Zodia Custody, by Standard Chartered

## **Unify governance** now

Secure your custody, transfers, trading and DeFi operations with Metaco
Harmonize,  
which unifies governance across your existing third-party digital asset
backends.

[Request a meeting with an expert](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Request a
meeting with an expert")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

