Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Citi Partners with Metaco to Develop Institutional Digital Asset Custody
Capabilities

  *  __ June 22, 2022
  *  __14 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fciti-partners-with-metaco-to-develop-institutional-digital-asset-custody-capabilities%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fciti-partners-with-metaco-to-develop-institutional-digital-asset-custody-capabilities%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### London, United Kingdom – 22 June, 2022 —

[Citi](https://www.citi.com/) announced today that it has selected
[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/) to develop and pilot digital asset custody
capabilities.

This collaboration brings together METACO’s technology and digital solutions
with Citi’s expansive custody network to develop a platform to enable clients
to store and settle digital assets seamlessly and securely. Citi intends to
fully integrate METACO’s bank-grade digital asset custody and orchestration
platform, [Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/harmonize/), into its existing
infrastructure, to develop and pilot digital asset custody capabilities.

>  “We are witnessing the increasing digitization of traditional investment
> assets along with new native digital assets. We are innovating and
> developing new capabilities to support digital asset classes that are
> becoming increasingly relevant to our clients,”

said Okan Pekin, Global Head of Securities Services at Citi.

This strategic partnership enables Citi to extend its existing capabilities to
digital assets while leveraging its current technological, operating and
servicing model. Citi’s extensive global network, coupled with the power of
the Harmonize platform, will allow Citi to expand securely and effectively
into new markets, while utilizing its existing global operations, technology,
and risk frameworks.  The technology capabilities developed under this
partnership will be an integral part of Citi’s Institutional Client Group
digital asset strategy.

[Adrien Treccani](https://www.linkedin.com/in/atreccani/), CEO and Founder of
METACO, commented,

> “We are pleased to team up with Citi, one of the largest securities services
> firms, to support them in their vision to bridge digital and traditional
> assets. This initiative is a market-defining moment for institutional
> adoption of digital assets._”_

The leading technology provider to financial institutions in the digital asset
ecosystem, METACO has supported several key implementations, including FINMA,
BaFin, FCA, Banco de España, and MAS regulated institutions.

With over US$27 trillion of assets under custody, administration and trust,
and an industry-leading proprietary network spanning 63 markets, Citi
Securities Services provides clients with in-depth local market expertise,
advanced processing technologies, and a wide range of custody and fund
services that can be tailored to meet clients’ needs.

#### About Citi

Citi, the leading global bank, has approximately 200 million customer accounts
and does business in more than 160 countries and jurisdictions. Citi provides
consumers, corporations, governments and institutions with a broad range of
financial products and services, including consumer banking and credit,
corporate and investment banking, securities brokerage, transaction services,
and wealth management.

Additional information may be found at [www.citigroup.com](https://www.citigroup.com/) | Twitter: @Citi | YouTube: [www.youtube.com/citi](http://www.youtube.com/citi) | Blog: [http://blog.citigroup.com](http://blog.citigroup.com/) | Facebook: [www.facebook.com/citi](http://www.facebook.com/citi) | LinkedIn: [www.linkedin.com/company/citi](http://www.linkedin.com/company/citi).

#### About METACO

Founded in 2015 in Switzerland, [METACO](https://metaco.com/) is a technology
company whose mission is to enable financial and non-financial institutions to
securely manage their digital asset business and capitalize on the burgeoning
digital asset economy.

The company’s core product, Harmonize, is an orchestration system for digital
assets. From cryptocurrency custody and trading to tokenization, staking and
smart contract management, the platform seamlessly connects institutions to
the new world of decentralized finance (DeFi).

METACO has established itself as the Tier 1 banking standard, trusted by and
in live production with global custodians, exchanges, private and universal
banks. Its software, technology and infrastructure solutions enable financial
institutions to store, trade, issue and manage digital assets, with the
highest possible security and agility.
[www.metaco](https://www.metaco.com/)[.](https://www.metaco.com/)[com](https://www.metaco.com/)

#### Media Contacts

Citi: Rekha Jogia-Soni  
E: [rekha.jogiasoni@citi.com](mailto:rekha.jogiasoni@citi.com)  
P: +44 (0) 207 500 2843

Wachsman on behalf of METACO:  
Conor Shearman  
E: [conor.shearman@wachsman.com](mailto:conor.shearman@wachsman.com)  
P: +353 87 3706262

* * *



#### Version in French:

### Citi s’associe à METACO pour développer des capacités institutionnelles de
conservation d’actifs numériques

#### Lausanne, Suisse – le 22 juin 2022 –

[Citi](https://www.citigroup.com/citi/) a annoncé ce jour avoir choisi
[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/) pour développer et mener des capacités de
dépôt d’actifs numériques.

Cette collaboration réunit les solutions technologiques logicielles de METACO
et le vaste réseau dépositaire de Citi dans le but d’élaborer une plateforme
permettant aux clients de conserver et gérer des actifs numériques d’une
manière fluide et sécurisée. Citi prévoit d’intégrer entièrement
[Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/harmonize/), la plateforme bancaire de
conservation et d’orchestration d’actifs numériques de METACO, à son
infrastructure existante afin de développer ces capacités de gestion d’actifs
numériques.

« Nous assistons à la numérisation croissante d’actifs d’investissement
traditionnels, parallèlement à de nouveaux actifs numériques natifs. Nous
innovons et développons actuellement de nouvelles capacités permettant de
supporter les classes d’actifs numériques qui deviennent de plus en plus
d’actualité pour nos clients », selon Okan Pekin, Global Head chez Citi
Securities Services.

Ce partenariat stratégique permet à Citi d’étendre ses capacités existantes
aux actifs numériques tout en mettant à profit ses capacités opérationnelles,
techniques ainsi que ses prestations de services actuelles. Le vaste réseau
mondial de Citi, associé à la puissance de la plateforme Harmonize, permettra
à Citi de se développer sur de nouveaux marchés de manière sécurisée et
efficace, tout en exploitant ses activités internationales, sa technologie et
son modèle de gestion des risques actuels. Les capacités technologiques
développées dans le cadre de ce partenariat feront partie intégrante de la
stratégie d’actifs numériques de Citi Institutional Clients Group.

[Adrien Treccani](https://ch.linkedin.com/in/atreccani), PDG et fondateur de
METACO, a déclaré : « Nous sommes ravis de faire équipe avec Citi, l’une des
plus grandes sociétés de prestation de services financiers, et de défendre
leur vision consistant à faciliter la transition entre actifs traditionnels et
numériques. Cette initiative est un moment déterminant pour le marché vers
l’adoption institutionnalisée d’actifs numériques. _»_

Principal prestataire de technologies des établissements financiers, dans
l’écosystème des actifs numériques, METACO a accompagné de nombreuses
implémentations clés, notamment pour des institutions réglementées par la
FINMA, la BaFin, la FCA, la Banco de España et la MAS.

Avec plus de 27 mille milliards de dollars américains d’actifs en dépôt,
administration et fiducie, et avec son réseau exclusif à la pointe du secteur
s’étendant sur 63 marchés, Citi Securities Services offre à ses clients une
expertise approfondie du marché local, des technologies de traitement de
pointe et une large gamme de services de conservation de fonds, élaborés sur
mesure pour répondre aux besoins des clients.

#### À propos de Citi

Citi compte environ 200 millions de comptes clients et exerce ses activités
dans plus de 160 pays et territoires. Citi propose aux particuliers, aux
entreprises, aux gouvernements et aux institutions une large gamme de produits
et services financiers, notamment des services bancaires et services de crédit
aux consommateurs, des services bancaires et d’investissement aux entreprises,
des services de courtage en valeurs mobilières, des services de transaction et
de gestion de patrimoine.

De plus amples informations sont disponibles sur [www.citigroup.com](http://www.citigroup.com/) | Twitter : @Citi | YouTube : [www.youtube.com/citi](http://www.youtube.com/citi) | Blog : [http://blog.citigroup.com](http://blog.citigroup.com/) | Facebook : [www.facebook.com/citi](http://www.facebook.com/citi) | LinkedIn : [www.linkedin.com/company/citi](http://www.linkedin.com/company/citi).

#### À propos de METACO

Fondée en 2015 en Suisse, [METACO](https://www.metaco.com/) est une entreprise
technologique ayant pour mission de permettre aux établissements financiers et
non financiers de gérer en toute sécurité leurs actifs numériques, et de
capitaliser sur l’économie en plein essor de ce secteur.

Le produit phare de la société, Harmonize est un système de gestion et
d’orchestration d’actifs numériques. De la conservation au négoce de crypto-
monnaies, à la tokenisation, et à la gestion de contrats intelligents (smart
contracts), la plateforme connecte en toute transparence les établissements au
monde nouveau de la finance décentralisée (DeFi).

METACO s’est imposée comme la plateforme de référence pour les banques Tier 1,
jouissant de la confiance des plus grandes banques dépositaires, des bourses
et des banques privées et universelles partout dans le monde. Ses solutions
logicielles, technologiques et d’infrastructure permettent aux établissements
financiers de stocker, échanger, émettre et gérer des actifs numériques, tout
en bénéficiant d’un niveau optimal de sécurité et d’agilité.
[www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

* * *

#### Version in German:

### Citi geht Partnerschaft mit METACO ein, um institutionelle Digital Asset
Custody Dienstleistungen zu entwickeln

#### Lausanne, Schweiz — 22. Juni 2022 —

[Citi](https://www.citigroup.com/citi/) gab heute bekannt dass sie
[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/) mit der Entwicklung und Pilotierung von
Verwahrungsfunktionen für digitale Vermögenswerte beauftragt hat.

Diese Partnerschaft vereint die marktführende Technologie von METACO mit dem
weltweit führenden Custody-Netzwerk von Citi. Die zukünftige Plattform wird es
Kunden ermöglichen, digitale Vermögenswerte nahtlos und sicher zu verwahren
und abzuwickeln. Citi beabsichtigt, METACOs bankfähige Plattform für die
Verwahrung und Orchestrierung von digitalen Vermögenswerten,
[Harmonize](https://www.metaco.com/harmonize/), vollständig in ihre bestehende
Infrastruktur zu integrieren, um Verwahrungsmöglichkeiten für digitale
Vermögenswerte zu entwickeln und zu testen.

“Wir beobachten die zunehmende Digitalisierung traditioneller Anlagewerte
zusammen mit neuen nativen digitalen Vermögenswerten. Wir führen Innovationen
ein und entwickeln neue Möglichkeiten, um Dienstleistungen mit digitale
Anlageklassen anzubieten, die für unsere Kunden immer relevanter werden”, so
Okan Pekin, Global Head der Securities Services bei Citi.

Dank dieser strategischen Partnerschaft kann Citi ihre bestehenden Kompetenzen
auf digitale Vermögenswerte ausweiten und dabei ihr derzeitiges Technologie-,
Betriebs- und Dienstleistungsmodell nutzen. Das umfangreiche globale Netzwerk
von Citi in Verbindung mit der Leistungsfähigkeit der METACO Harmonize-
Plattform wird es Citi ermöglichen, sicher und effektiv in neue Märkte zu
expandieren und dabei ihre bestehenden globalen Betriebs-, Technologie- und
Risikorahmenbedingungen zu nutzen. Die durch diese Partnerschaft entwickelten
technologischen Kompetenzen werden ein integraler Bestandteil der digitalen
Vermögensstrategie der «Institutional Client Group» von Citi sein.

[Adrien Treccani](https://ch.linkedin.com/in/atreccani), CEO und Gründer von
METACO, kommentiert: “Wir freuen uns, mit Citi, einem der grössten
Wertpapierdienstleistungsunternehmen, zusammenzuarbeiten, um sie bei ihrer
Vision zu unterstützen, digitale und traditionelle Vermögenswerte zu
verbinden. Diese Initiative ist ein Meilenstein für Digital Assets im
institutionellen Markt”.

Als führender Technologieanbieter für Finanzinstitute im Digital-Asset-
Ökosystem hat METACO ihre Lösungen in verschiedenen Märkten im Einsatz, welche
von namhaften Regulatoren, darunter der FINMA, BaFin, FCA, Banco de España und
MAS, überwacht werden.

Mit einem verwalteten Vermögen von mehr als 27 Billionen US-Dollar und einem
branchenführenden eigenen Netzwerk, das sich über 63 Märkte erstreckt, bietet
Citi Securities Services seinen Kunden fundierte Kenntnisse der lokalen
Märkte, hoch entwickelte Verarbeitungstechnologien und eine breite Palette an
Verwahrungs- und Fondsdienstleistungen an, welche auf die Bedürfnisse der
Kunden zugeschnitten werden können.

#### Über Citi

Citi, die weltweit führende Bank, verwaltet mehr als 200 Millionen
Kundenkonten und ist in über 160 Ländern tätig. Citi bietet Privatkunden,
Unternehmen, Regierungen und Institutionen eine vielfältige Palette von
Finanzprodukten und -dienstleistungen an, darunter Bankgeschäfte und Kredite
für Privatkunden, Unternehmens- und Investmentbanking,
Wertpapiermaklergeschäfte, Transaktionsdienstleistungen und
Vermögensverwaltung.

Zusätzliche Informationen sind zu finden unter [www.citigroup.com](http://www.citigroup.com/) | Twitter: @Citi | YouTube: [www.youtube.com/citi](http://www.youtube.com/citi) | Blog: [http://blog.citigroup.com](http://blog.citigroup.com/) | Facebook: [www.facebook.com/citi](http://www.facebook.com/citi) | LinkedIn: [www.linkedin.com/company/citi](http://www.linkedin.com/company/citi).

#### Über METACO

[METACO](https://www.metaco.com/) wurde 2015 in der Schweiz gegründet und ist
ein Technologieunternehmen, dessen Strategie es ist, Finanz- und Nicht-
Finanzinstitute in die Lage zu versetzen, Digital Assets sicher zu verwalten
und von der aufstrebenden digitalen Vermögenswerteökonomie zu profitieren.

Das Kernprodukt des Unternehmens, Harmonize, ist ein Orchestrierungssystem für
Digital Assets. Mit der Verwahrung von Digital Assets, der Tokenisierung, dem
«Staking» und dem Smart Contract Management verbindet die Plattform
Institutionen nahtlos mit der neuen Welt der Dezentralen Finanzmärkte (DeFi).

METACO hat sich als Tier-1 Bankenstandard fest im Markt etabliert und geniesst
das Vertrauen von globalen Börsen, Depot-, Privat- und Universalbanken. Die
Technologie- und Infrastrukturlösungen ermöglichen es Finanzinstituten,
Digital Assets zu speichern, zu handeln, zu emittieren und zu verwalten, und
zwar mit der höchstmöglichen Sicherheit und Agilität.
[www.metaco.com](https://www.metaco.com/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

