[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Wallet

Connect

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

![Yellow Stripes](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/unpacked/YellowStripes.webp)

Scroll

![Avatar Image](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/avatar-assets/landing/augencore/avatar-landing-
augencore-hero.png)

Parallel

Avatars

[Explore Avatars](/avatars)[View collection on
Opensea](https://opensea.io/collection/parallel-avatars)

![Avatar Image](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/avatar-landing/BG_PILLS.webp)

Bilal

augencore

The Future of Parallel

Avatars: 001

The nexus of expanding Parallel experiences.

In the expanding Parallel Universe, Avatars serve as the gateway to new
experiences. Avatars are first in line to try our new activities and
activations as they premiere. With our catalogue of games looking to expand in
the coming years you can expect to see your Avatars as main characters within
those experiences and maybe even within storytelling elements. Welcome to the
new frontier.

![Yellow Stripes](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/unpacked/YellowStripes.webp)

//

001

![Avatar Image](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/avatar-assets/landing/augencore/avatar-landing-
augencore-article-1.png)

The Collection

[View on opensea](https://opensea.io/collection/parallel-avatars)

![Avatar Image](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/avatar-assets/landing/augencore/avatar-landing-
augencore-article-2.png)

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our community

![Avatar Image](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod.static-
assets.parallelnft.com/avatar-assets/landing/augencore/avatar-landing-
augencore-article-3.png)

Avatars: 002

Unlock Exclusive Benefits

Unlock Exclusive Benefits

Your Avatar will represent you not only in Parallel TCG, but in other upcoming
games and online activations around the Parallel Universe. Owning an Avatar
comes with a variety of exclusive benefits including a boost to PRIME earnings
when winning within the TCG*, access to our latest activations and
explorations as they premier and a Casting Call to have your Avatar featured
in future comics or Parallel media.

* Boost is applied when winning with Avatar equipped and matches the winning Parallel's deck.

![Yellow Stripes](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/unpacked/YellowStripes.webp)

//

002

Avatars: 003

Battle Born Rewards

Prime Avatar Boost

Keep your avatar in a saved wallet and earn a Prime Boost when winning with
the matching Parallel deck! You do not need to have the avatar set as your
active PFP.

![Yellow Stripes](https://storage.googleapis.com/prod-assets-parallel-
life/images/unpacked/YellowStripes.webp)

//

003

//

004

The World's First AI Game

Powered By

An Exciting New Simulation

Parallel Colony offers a new type of gaming experience where your words have
power. Add your Avatar to an ever growing Colony and interact with them in new
and inventive ways.

[Get Updates on Colony](/colony/signup)

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)//[Terms of Use](/terms-of-use)

© COPYRIGHT ⁨2024⁩ PARALLEL STUDIOS

[Discord](https://discord.gg/paralleltcg)//[Twitter](https://twitter.com/paralleltcg/)

