[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2l0LWdlbmVyYXRpb24tcHJvZ3JhbS1lbXBvd2VyaW5nLXVrcmFpbmlhbnMtd2l0aC10ZWNoLXNjaG9sYXJzaGlwcy0xNDczMjAyMDY0ODE5NjcyMDI3P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jaGFyaXR5L2l0LWdlbmVyYXRpb24tcHJvZ3JhbS1lbXBvd2VyaW5nLXVrcmFpbmlhbnMtd2l0aC10ZWNoLXNjaG9sYXJzaGlwcy0xNDczMjAyMDY0ODE5NjcyMDI3P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# IT Generation Program: Empowering Ukrainians With Tech Scholarships

2023-07-24

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance collaborated with Ukraine's Ministry of Digital Transformation to introduce a transformative tech education project, IT Generation, as part of the Binance Scholar Program.  

  * Powered by Binance Charity’s $1 million USDT donation, the initiative offered full scholarships and leveraged Binance Pay to seamlessly transfer funds to the education providers.

  * Learn how the project empowered over 2,000 Ukrainians from a variety of age groups and backgrounds during challenging times.

_The IT Generation initiative – granting $1 million USDT in full scholarships
to support 2,000 Ukrainians – is now complete. See the impact of Ukraine’s
Ministry of Digital Transformation and Binance’s partnership._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230724/199a0992-87a3-4fc4-b981-84ea73cc9548.png)

We’ve successfully wrapped up our IT Generation program in collaboration with
Ukraine's Ministry of Digital Transformation and the Lviv IT Cluster. Powered
by Binance Charity, this ambitious educational endeavor has since impacted the
lives of 2,200 students, with 1,877 of them successfully completing their
studies.

## IT Generation Program

>  _"IT Generation is one of the flagship projects of the Ministry of Digital
> Transformation, as the development of education for the future economic and
> technological growth of our country is crucial."_ – Oleksandr Borniakov,
> Deputy Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine

The [_IT Generation_](https://www.binance.charity/posts/73/Binance-Charity-s-
IT-Generation-Program-Underway-with-2-200-Ukrainian-Students-Enrolled-)
initiative, launched in June 2022 as the inaugural project of the [_global
Binance Charity Scholar Program_](https://www.binance.charity/scholar) , was
designed to to support Ukrainians affected by job loss due to the ongoing war.
In partnership with the Ministry of Digital Transformation, the program
assists individuals in retraining and re-entering the job market in Ukraine.

Committed to fostering education through innovation, [_Binance
Charity_](https://www.binance.charity/) pledged 1 million USDT for
scholarships. Utilizing [_BNB Chain_](https://www.bnbchain.org/en) and
[_Binance Pay_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-binance-
pay-d6fabc736d1f4e7fb60e56afe6d1f3b9) technology, scholarship funds were
seamlessly transferred to students' crypto wallets following course
registration.

The project received backing from two prominent programs: the USAID
Competitive Economy of Ukraine Program and the "Digital, Inclusive,
Accessible: Supporting Digitization of Public Services in Ukraine" project.
The former is funded by the United States Agency for International Development
(USAID) and focuses on promoting a competitive Ukrainian economy, while the
latter is executed by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in
Ukraine with support from Sweden. Both have contributed resources and
expertise to help advance the project's goals.

Binance's General Manager in Ukraine, Kyrylo Khomyakov, expressed pride in the
project's impact. IT Generation not only supported those who lost jobs due to
conflict but also showcased the far-reaching influence of cryptocurrencies and
blockchain on Ukraine's burgeoning digital economy.

"The IT Generation project has become an important milestone in our
partnership with the Ministry of Digital Transformation. We are delighted that
this project has demonstrated real value,” said Kyrylo.

## Impact on Students

The project spanned 9 months, from September 2022 to July 2023; Within three
weeks of completion, 147 IT Generation graduates have already secured
employment within the IT sector, with many of them landing roles in project
and product management, HR, and as JavaScript developers. This accomplishment
highlights the significant impact of the program on participants' career
prospects and the IT industry at large.

Olga Kornieieva, who aspired to become a recruiter, participated in the IT
Generation program. With a background in English teaching and a drive for
pursuing a career within the IT industry, Olga applied to eight different IT
schools and got accepted at one for training. Today, she is working in her
dream role as an IT Researcher at Forte Group.

Olga shared: "The training exceeded my expectations. Delving into the
fascinating world of IT and learning firsthand from seasoned professionals was
a truly rewarding experience. I'm grateful for the opportunities provided by
the project, which enabled me to transition into the IT sector and work in my
desired field."

Another success story was Oleksandra Dorokhova, who joined the IT Generation
project to study Business Analytics and later received a job offer. She was
previously employed as a financial specialist but sought to gain expertise in
a technology domain closely aligned with her profession.

Oleksandra remarked: "The project offered valuable insights into the role of a
business analyst, introducing me to essential tools that I could integrate
into my work as a marketing analyst. My participation in the program has
empowered me to better engage with clients, efficiently manage my own
schedule, and contribute more effectively to my team's success."

## Unlocking IT Opportunities Through Education

>  _“We will continue to help talented Ukrainians build a successful career
> path in the promising technology industry"_ – Oleksandr Borniakov, Deputy
> Minister of Digital Transformation of Ukraine

Providing educational support to citizens plays a crucial role in fostering
career growth and enhancing their job prospects. Initiatives like IT
Generation create opportunities for individuals to acquire new skills and
adapt to the evolving job market, ultimately improving their lives and
contributing to the overall growth and development of their communities even
in times of crisis.

Visit the [_Binance Scholar program_](https://www.binance.charity/scholar)
page to learn more about initiatives such as the IT Generation project.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Charity Grants 1,000 Africans Tech Scholarships In Collaboration With Utiva_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-grants-1000-africans-tech-scholarships-in-collaboration-with-utiva-7308326950063021811)

  * [ _Binance Charity to Fund 30,665 Scholarships to Study Web3 in 2023_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-to-fund-30665-scholarships-to-study-web3-in-2023-4486110305458738586)

  * [ _Binance Charity for Ukrainians: Help Report_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/binance-charity-for-ukrainians-help-report-421499824684903974)

194,998,699 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

IT Generation Program: Empowering Ukrainians With Tech Scholarships

Main Takeaways

IT Generation Program

Impact on Students

Unlocking IT Opportunities Through Education

Further Reading

194,998,699 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

