[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwYWQtdGhlLWxhc3QtNi1tb250aHMtb2YtdG9rZW4tbGF1bmNoZXMtNDIxNDk5ODI0Njg0OTAzODI5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9sYXVuY2hwYWQvYmluYW5jZS1sYXVuY2hwYWQtdGhlLWxhc3QtNi1tb250aHMtb2YtdG9rZW4tbGF1bmNoZXMtNDIxNDk5ODI0Njg0OTAzODI5P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Launchpad: The Last 6 Months of Token Launches

2022-05-08

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220509/d6182d00-1bb8-4a54-845f-33d993b20d5e.png)

**TL;DR**

2021 was an exciting year for [Initial Exchange Offerings
(IEOs)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-an-initial-exchange-
offering-ieo), with many new blockchain projects emerging on the crypto scene.
The exclusive token launch platform [Binance
Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/viewall/lpd) assists such projects
in raising funds, as well as spreading awareness about their projects and new
tokens.

## What is Binance Launchpad?

Binance Launchpad is a unique platform that allows users to have first-look
access to promising new crypto tokens from various projects. It also helps
drive awareness and adoption for these projects.

Previously, blockchain projects had to stage their own [Initial Coin Offerings
(ICOs)](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-an-ico) to fundraise
for their growth, which was far more unlikely to produce impressive results.
The creation of an exclusive token Launchpad helped streamline and secure the
process of crypto crowdfunding, as well as remove the vulnerability and risk
many ICOs previously faced.

Before accepting a project, Binance investigates the crypto project
thoroughly. We need to ensure that the project has reached an appropriate
level of maturity, offers a scalable infrastructure, and is genuinely
beneficial to the overall blockchain and crypto community.

Binance Launchpad has raised funds for over 60 projects since its inception in
2019. Let’s find out more about the most recent Launchpad projects:

**STEPN (GMT)**

[ The latest project on the Binance Launchpad
](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/subscription/GMT_BNB)was also amongst the
most fruitful ones to date. The “move-to-earn” fitness application equips
users with a Sneaker NFT and encourages them to head outdoors to earn tokens
in exchange for steps. Furthermore, every sneaker has different qualities and
attributes and can even be personally customized.

STEPN’s governance token is GMT. Following its ICO, the token surged over
**300% in just four weeks** , generating a substantial profit for the project
in the first quarter of 2022. STEPN plans to use its profit to expand its
ecosystem.

**Alpine F1® Team Fan Token (ALPINE)**

Previously known as the Renault F1 Team, the BWT Alpine F1 Team made its debut
in the Formula One World Championship in 2021. French automobile manufacturer,
Groupe Renault, rebranded the team to promote its sports car brand, Alpine.

In an effort to empower fans to interact and engage with the team, BWT Alpine
F1 Team [launched its own native utility
token](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/subscription/ALPINE_BNB). Issued on
the BNB Chain (former BSC), the Alpine F1 Team Fan Token (ALPINE) allows users
to influence team decisions via exclusive voting rights, accumulate
collectibles and NFTs, as well as access special fan rewards.

The ALPINE token’s value increased by **6.6% following its launch in just six
weeks**. It is now available to the Binance Fan Token community and other
Binance users via spot, P2P, and bank card purchases.

**League of Kingdoms (LOKA)**

As one of the world-leading blockchain MMO games, League of Kingdoms allows
players to build their own kingdoms, join alliances, grow armies, and expand
their dominion across virtual NFT lands. League of Kingdom’s gameplay is
similar to that of a traditional RTS (Real-time strategy).

[League of Kingdom’s native governance token is
LOKA](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/subscription/LOKA_BNB), which can be
used as a currency inside the game, and for in-game store purchases such as
special NFT assets. The token can also be used to create and vote on on-chain
governance proposals to determine future policies, features, and content.
Following its launch on Binance Launchpad, **the token surged 34% in three
months.**

**Voxies (VOXEL)**

Voxies is a free-to-play, fast-paced RPG game. Players can explore the virtual
world of Voxtopia via collectible 3D voxel buddies that live on the Ethereum
blockchain. There are over 10,000 Voxies, and each one is a unique, directly
owned NFT.

[Voxies’ native utility token is
VOXEL](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/subscription/VOXEL_BNB). The token can
be used for all in-game functionalities, such as purchasing items in the
Voxies’ marketplace. To earn VOXEL, players can complete in-game tasks,
participate in PVP battles, explore the virtual world of Voxtopia, and more.
Following its ICO on Binance Launchpad, **the token price leaped by 10% in
four months****.**

**FC Porto Fan Token (PORTO)**

FC Porto is a Portuguese professional sports club best known for its football
team, nicknamed the Dragões (Dragons). FC Porto is amongst the most prominent
clubs in Portugal, having appeared in every season of the Primeira Liga since
1934. The team won numerous domestic and international trophies and is the
third team with the most appearances in the UEFA Champions League after
Barcelona and Real Madrid.

To empower fans to engage with the club’s activities, [FC Porto released
PORTO](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/subscription/PORTO_BNB), a native
BEP-20 utility token. PORTO is built and issued on the BNB Chain, and is
integrated into the Binance Ecosystem so token holders can access various
Binance features. Most importantly, PORTO enables fans to influence club
decisions by voting on FC Porto affairs. Following its ICO on Binance
Launchpad, **PORTO’s price leaped by 4% in four months.**

**Lazio Fan Token (LAZIO)**

S.S. Lazio, nicknamed “Lazio”, is a professional Italian football club based
in Rome. It’s best known for having won the Coppa Italia over 7 times and the
Supercoppa Italiana three times. The team has also held victories at both the
UEFA Cup Winners' Cup and the UEFA Super Cup. Lazio plays in Serie A, and has
a long history as a well-established participant in top-tier Italian football.

[S.S. Lazio launched the LAZIO
token](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/subscription/PORTO_BNB) to help
improve the fan experience and offer fans an opportunity to engage with the
club in multiple ways. Through Lazio, fans can access exclusive voting rights,
gamification features, and digital collectibles. LAZIO was built and issued on
the BNB Chain and is part of the Binance Ecosystem. Since the token’s ICO,
**its value grew by 4.4% in 5 months.**

## Binance Launchpad vs. Binance Launchpool

Binance
[Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/viewall/lp?utm_source=blog&utm_medium=copy&utm_term=cta-
blog&utm_content=launchpool&utm_campaign=en-launchpool), while similar in the
way it operates, is not to be confused with Binance
[Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com/en/viewall/lpd).

Binance Launchpool allows users to
[stake](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-staking) their crypto
tokens in [liquidity pools](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-are-
liquidity-pools-in-defi) of emerging blockchain projects. Once a new
Launchpool starts farming, users can stake their tokens to the supported
liquidity pools.

Rewards are calculated on a daily basis, based on:

  1. **The amount you’ve committed/staked**

  2. **The total amount of tokens committed to the pool**

Rewards are allocated on an hourly basis and split evenly every day and you
can harvest these rewards at any time. Once the token goes live 7 days into
farming, you can trade it on the Binance spot market.

Users can unstake their tokens at any time. When the farming period is over,
all the tokens you've committed will be automatically transferred back to your
Spot Wallet.

Ongoing or past Launchpools can be found under [Earn] - [[Binance
Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)]. You can follow the [Binance
Announcements Telegram channel](https://t.me/binance_announcements) to be
notified of any upcoming Launchpools.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220509/d668ff78-9b8b-4cfb-8c5d-d901adbcf335.png)

The key difference between the two is that Binance Launchpool allows you to
earn rewards via [yield farming](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-
is-yield-farming-in-decentralized-finance-defi). All you have to do is commit
[BNB](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-bnb) or another token,
to the project for a certain period of time, and you’ll get a chance to buy an
upcoming token in the ICO.

Still confused? Read more about [Launchpad vs.
Launchpool](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/launchpad/launchpad-vs-launchpool-
which-one-drives-more-crypto-growth-421499824684902263) here.

## Getting started with Binance Launchpad

The first step is to [sign up for a Binance
account](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register) and complete [Identity
Verification](https://www.binance.com/en/my/settings/profile).

You will then need to fund your account. There are multiple ways to do so.
Binance allows you to [fund your account with a fiat
currency](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto?channel=card&fiat=EUR),
which you can then convert to crypto, or via crypto deposits from external
wallets.

The final step is to [convert your funds into
BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/convert), the crypto you need to commit to a
project on Binance Launchpad.

**Participating in a Token Launch**

Go to [[Binance Launchpad](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)] under [Earn].
There, you can find which project is preparing to launch its token sales. If a
project is available for subscription, you will be able to commit BNB to this
specific project.

The subscription/calculation period typically lasts 7 days. During this time,
Binance will calculate your participation limit based on your average BNB
balance over a set period of days.

After that, you will be given a short period of time (1 hour) to commit your
BNB. Make sure to follow the [Binance Announcements Telegram
channel](https://t.me/binance_announcements) to not miss this window.

Head over to the Launchpad page and click [Commit BNB]. You will see your
maximum commitment limit based on the BNB amount in your Spot Wallet. If you
have BNB in another wallet, please transfer them to your Spot Wallet first.

Once you’ve committed your BNB, they will be temporarily locked and will not
be redeemable until the final token distribution period. After deducting the
relevant amount of BNB and distributing the tokens to your Spot Wallet, the
remaining BNB will be unlocked and transferred back to your wallet.

Following the final token allocation, Binance will open trading for the new
token. You can choose to hold your tokens, or trade them on the spot market.

Important note: Before you participate in any project, make sure to [do your
own due diligence and research](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-
your-own-research). For example, you may refer to the in-depth, unbiased
insights [Binance Research](https://research.binance.com/) provides for every
Binance Launchpad project.

**Still have unanswered questions?**

Read our [FAQ on Binance Launchpad](https://www.binance.com/en-
AU/support/faq/d7f47120ec0c48cab7f8557d5d78435c) to get a detailed
understanding of how it works.

194,986,949 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Launchpad: The Last 6 Months of Token Launches

What is Binance Launchpad?

Binance Launchpad vs. Binance Launchpool

Getting started with Binance Launchpad

194,986,949 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

