[![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/62eab5597fa44871714a80ec_metaplex-logo-
white.svg)![](https://assets-global.website-
files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/62eab5597fa44822e84a812a_metaplex.png)](/)[Creators](https://studio.metaplex.com)[Developers](https://docs.metaplex.com/)[Blog](/blog)

  * [![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/63010f29c32fa7736205aeb6_2021%20Twitter%20logo%20-%20white%201.png)](https://twitter.com/metaplex)
  * [![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/63010f41510a18d2a0b66509_Instagram_Glyph_White%201.png)](https://www.instagram.com/metaplex/)
  * [![](https://assets-global.website-files.com/62eab5597fa44882d84a8037/63010ed7148cfc1c5bd31a7e_dicord%20logo%201.svg)](https://discord.gg/metaplex)

+

# Metaplex Studios Privacy Policy  

Metaplex Studios, Inc. and its affiliates (âMetaplex Studios,â âwe,â
âour,â and/or âusâ) value the privacy of individuals who use our
website and related services[ ](https://wsgr-
my.sharepoint.com/personal/k018167_wsgr_com/Documents/Desktop/Privacy%20Policy%20Excerpts%20for%20Template%20B2C_.docx#_msocom_1)(collectively,
our âServicesâ). This privacy policy (the âPrivacy Policyâ) explains
how we collect, use, and share information from or about Metaplex Studios
users (âUsersâ) or their devices. Metaplex Studios provides services (the
âServicesâ) that use and support a permissionless on-chain protocol for
creators to create, sell and manage non-fungible tokens (NFTs) natively on the
Solana blockchain. By using our Services, you agree to the collection, use,
disclosure, and procedures this Privacy Policy describes. Beyond the Privacy
Policy, your use of our Services is also subject to our [Terms of
Service.](/terms-disclaimer)  

**Information We Collect**

We may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from
various sources, as described below.

**A. Information You Provide to Us.**

**Registration and Profile Information.** You may need to register an account
with us and connect a third-party supported electronic wallet (e.g., Phantom)
to access certain Services like Creator Studio. We may also ask you for
information like your email address.

**NFT Store Content.** If you create NFTs using our Creator Studio tools, we
will receive any content you post including NFTs that you mint.

**Notifications.** When you sign up for notifications or updates, we ask you
for information such as your name and email address.  

**Communications**. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional
information about you. For example, when you contact our Customer Support
Team, we will receive your name, email address, the contents of a message or
attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to
provide. If you subscribe to our newsletter, then we will collect certain
information from you, such as your email address. When we send you emails, we
may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer
experience and improve our Services.

**Careers.** If you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may
submit your contact information and your resume online. We will collect the
information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and
employment experience. You may also apply through LinkedIn. If you do so, we
will collect the information you make available to us on LinkedIn.
Additionally, we will collect information on your legal capacity to work in
the United States.

**B. Information We Collect When You Use Our Services.**

**Blockchain Payment Information.** When you make a purchase or sell an NFT,
we may receive public blockchain data related to that purchase or sale.

**Location Information**. When you use our Services, we infer your more
general location information (for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address
may indicate your more general geographic region).

**Device Information**. We receive information about the device and software
you use to access our Services, including IP address, web browser type, and
operating system version.

**Usage Information**. To help us understand how you use our Services and to
help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your
interactions with our Services, like the pages or other content you view, and
the dates and times of your visits.

**Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies.** We and third-party
partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar
technologies. Our third-party partners, such as analytics partners, may use
these technologies to collect information about your online activities over
time and across different services. Cookies are small text files containing a
string of alphanumeric characters. We may use both session cookies and
persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser.
A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by
your browser on subsequent visits to our Services.

Please review your web browserâs âHelpâ file to learn the proper way to
modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete or choose not to
accept cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features
of the Service to their fullest potential.

     

**C. Information We Receive from Third Parties**.

**Third parties.** We may receive information about you from third parties
such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other information we
have about you.

**How We Use the Information We Collect**

We use the information we collect:

â       To provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our Services;

â       To communicate with you, provide you with updates and other
information relating to our Services, provide information that you request,
respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;

â       For marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional
and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise
of interest to you;

â       To find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues
that may arise;

â       For compliance purposes, including enforcing our Terms of Service or
other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations
or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and

â       For other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time
the information is collected.

**How We Share the Information We Collect**

We may share or otherwise disclose information we collect from or about you as
described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of the collection.[
](https://wsgr-
my.sharepoint.com/personal/k018167_wsgr_com/Documents/Desktop/Privacy%20Policy%20Excerpts%20for%20Template%20B2C_.docx#_msocom_1)

**Vendors and Service Providers.** We may share any information we receive
with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision
of our Services.

**User Content.   **Our Services are social services in which you can find,
enjoy, and share content. Your public wallet address and public NFTs will
always be viewable and searchable by other users. The content you post to the
Services will be displayed on the Services and viewable by other users by
default. Although this content is public by default, you can request for it to
be deleted from our site at any time by emailing
[privacy@metaplex.com](mailto:privacy@metaplex.com). We are not responsible
for the other usersâ use of available information, so you should carefully
consider whether and what to post or how you identify yourself on the
Services.

**Marketing.** We do not rent, sell, or share information about you with non-
affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your
permission.

**Analytics Partners.** We use analytics services such as Google Analytics to
collect and process certain analytics data. These services may also collect
information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. You
can learn about Googleâs practices by going to[
https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/),
and opt-out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-
on, available at[
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).**
**

**As Required By Law and Similar Disclosures.** We may access, preserve, and
disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate
to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a
court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your,
our, or othersâ rights, property, or safety. For the avoidance of doubt, the
disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content
on or through the Services.

**Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers.** We may disclose and transfer your
information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners,
or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or
completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged
with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of
our business or assets.

**Consent.** We may also disclose information from or about you or your
devices with your permission.

**Your Choices**

**Marketing Communications.** You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails
via the link provided in the emails. Even if you opt-out of receiving
promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative
messages from us.

**Third Parties**

Our Services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that
we do not own or operate.  We are not responsible for the privacy practices of
these third parties. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply
to your activities on these third party services or any information you
disclose to these third parties. We encourage you to read their privacy
policies before providing any information to them.

**Security**

We make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and
electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we
maintain. However, as our Services are hosted electronically, we can make no
guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information

**Childrenâs Privacy**

We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from
children under 13 years of age, and no part of our Services are directed to
children. If you learn that a child has provided us with personal information
in violation of this Privacy Policy, then you may alert us at
privacy@metaplex.com.

**International Visitors**

Our Services are hosted in the United States and intended for visitors located
within the United States. If you choose to use the Services from the European
Union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and
use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring
your personal information outside of those regions to the United States for
storage and processing. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other
countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data,
fulfilling your requests, and operating the Services. By providing any
information, including personal information, on or to the Services, you
consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

We will post any adjustments to the Privacy Policy on this page, and the
revised version will be effective when it is posted. If we materially change
the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected
from you through the Services, we will notify you through the Services, by
email, or other communication.

**Contact Information**

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing
activities, please email us at
[privacy@metaplex.com](mailto:privacy@metaplex.com).

**Last Updated: 10/25/22**

  

  * About

  * [Careers](https://apply.workable.com/metaplex-studios/)
  * [Press Kit](/press)
  * [Blog](/blog)

  * Learn more

  * [Creators](https://studio.metaplex.com/)
  * [Developers](https://docs.metaplex.com/)
  * [GitHub](https://github.com/metaplex-foundation)

  * Legal

  * [Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)
  * [Terms & Disclaimer](/terms-disclaimer)
  * [Bounty Program](/bounty-program)

