Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

Tokenization

# Unlock the **Token Economy**

Issue, manage, transfer and safely store digital tokens backed by financial or
non-financial assets.

[Launch your next token](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Launch your next
token")

## **Reinvent** capital markets

Create and support new asset classes to satisfy client demand, now and in the
future.

  * __

### Security tokens

Seamlessly issue tokenized bonds, equities, fund certificates, collaterals and
structured products.

  * __

### Coins

Create and manage fiat-backed stable coins or CBDCs that transform day-to-day
commerce.

  * __

### NFTs

Re-define how value is represented by easily minting and storing NFTs (art,
music, collectibles etc.).

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/okan_pekin-640x640.jpeg?x88149)

“We are witnessing the increasing digitization of traditional investment
assets along with new native digital assets. We are innovating and developing
new capabilities to support digital asset classes that are becoming
increasingly relevant to our clients.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/untitled-300--
150-px.png?x88149)

Okan Pekin

Global Head of Securities Services, Citi

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/citi-partners-with-metaco-
to-develop-institutional-digital-asset-custody-capabilities/ "Learn more")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/smart-contracts-and-
nfts-1-1280x1280.png?x88149)

  * ### **Asset-agnostic tokenization**

Leverage a complete smart contract management framework to turn any type of
bankable or non-bankable asset into digital tokens.

  * ### **Complete token lifecycle management**

Deploy and manage smart contracts end-to-end with full support for any type of
asset servicing including corporate actions, dividends, proxy voting and other
events.

  * ### **A strong partnership with best-of-breed engines**

Supercharge existing capabilities with deeply integrated, best-of-breed
tokenization engines enabling highly performant asset-agnostic issuance,
management and liquidity events.

  * ### **Access working group with leading global custodians**

Work with like-minded regulated global custodians, banks and institutions to
create, develop and promote globally interoperable standards and tokenization
frameworks, covering origination, structuring, placement and issuance
processing.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/tokenization.png?x88149)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/marcel-fleisch-vp-bank.png?x88149)

1/4

 ____

Testimonials

“By **partnering with Metaco** to offer a secure and scalable platform to
tokenize and custody all types of financial, digital and real-world assets, we
take a new major step towards building VP Bank’s foundation of the future. We
enjoyed a really excellent cooperation during the project, which delivered a
highly automated, secure and fully integrated solution, an industry standard
that guarantees us stability and lays the foundation for us to be able to
continue developing successfully for our customers.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/04/vp-bank-logo.png?x88149)

Marcel Fleisch

Chief Product Officer at VP Bank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/vp-bank-digital-asset-
custody-tokenization/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/jean_marc_stenger.jpg?x88149)

2/4

 ____

Testimonials

“Bridging the digital asset industry and traditional finance requires a
multifaceted approach incorporating institutional-grade technology,
regulation, as well as industrial capacities. By **partnering with Metaco** ,
SG – FORGE will be able to leverage their secure infrastructure to ensure that
we have a solid foundation to grow our digital asset market activities.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/sg-
forge-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Jean-Marc Stenger

CEO at Societe Generale - FORGE

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/societe-generale-forge-
partners-with-metaco-to-expand-its-institutional-digital-assets-capabilities/
"Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/andreas-sack-deka.jpg?x88149)

3/4

 ____

Testimonials

“Our extensive due diligence process clearly pointed out that **Metaco
Harmonize** brings an unparalleled value proposition. It fits our ambition to
build a highly secure, infrastructure- and asset-agnostic architecture model.
Our operations will be independent, scalable and secure. As a result, we have
laid the foundation for the assets of the future.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/dekabank-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Andreas Sack

Head of Digital Assets Custody and Infrastructure, DekaBank

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/dekabank-technology-
partnership-metaco/ "Learn more")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/12/togg-ceo.jpg?x88149)

4/4

 ____

Testimonials

“We are designing an open mobility ecosystem that is interconnected and
interoperable with others, such as smart home and smart city ecosystems.
Blockchain-enabled digital tokens allow data and other assets to be stored and
transferred in a fast, secure, and green way. By leveraging **technology from
Metaco** , we make this possible, and take another step forward in redefining
the global mobility ecosystem.”

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/01/togg-300-x-150.png?x88149)

Gürcan Karakaş

CEO at Togg

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/togg-partners-metaco-
mobility-ecosystem-blockchain-nfts/ "Learn more")

## Create **new financial products**

Join global custodian banks and leading financial institutions  
building digital capital markets infrastructure on top of Metaco Harmonize.

[Learn more](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Learn more")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

