[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

[](/)

[Developers](/developers)

[WhitepaperDownload the Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)

[DocsAccess all technical
documentation](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)

[GitHubGet all Neon EVM Repositories](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-evm)

[Ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[NeonScanSee all Transaction Info on Block Explorer](https://neonscan.org/)

[BlockscoutSee Neon EVM Transactions on Block
Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

[NeonPassTransfer SPL Tokens between Neon & Solana](https://neonpass.live/)

[deBridgeCross-chain Asset & Data
Transfers](https://app.debridge.finance/deswap)

[Gnosis SafeNeon EVM Decentralized Custody
Protocol](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)

[NeonFaucetGet Test Tokens for devnet](https://neonfaucet.org/)

[All dApps & ToolsCheck out all Neon EVM dApps &
Tooling](https://neonevm.org/ecosystem)

[Community & News](/blog)

[Community HomeJoin our community](/community)

[EventsMeet Neon EVM at global events](/events)

[FAQ](/faq)

build on neon

#### Welcome to Neon EVM

# The First Parallelized EVM on Solana

##  Neon EVM is an Ethereum Virtual Machine (EVM) empowering developers to
build and deploy dApps seamlessly from EVM chains to Solana, all from their
existing codebase.

[Explore ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[Technical docs](https://docs.neonevm.org/)

11

Security Audits _ _

Four notable companies - Halborn, Neodyme, Least Authority, and Ackee
Blockchain - have conducted independent security audits of the Neon EVM
Program, Proxy, infrastructure, and Neon DAO. [Read
audits](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/about/why_neon#public-and-audited)

$0.003

Transaction Cost _ _

Sending ERC20 token or swaps = $0.003 (existing account). New account creation
with 2yrs [rent-exempt](https://solana.com/docs/core/accounts#rent-exemptionr-
link) at 200bytes = $0.40. Smart contract deployment storage fees = $0.002 per
1byte.

2,000+

TPS _ _

Neon EVM boasts a mainnet TPS of over 2000 transactions per second for simple
token transfers between accounts. [Explore Neon EVM Load Test
here](https://medium.com/neon-labs/neon-synthetic-load-test-
report-d53212711556).

400ms

Blocktime _ _

Neon EVM achieves a 400ms block time by leveraging Solana's high-speed
blockchain infrastructure, enabling rapid transaction processing and
settlement. [See Blockscout Explorer](https://neon.blockscout.com/).

### Your Ethereum Tools, New Horizons on Solana

![Hardhat](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/hardhat_70e8bc2236.png)

![Hardhat](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/hardhat_70e8bc2236.png)

![Hardhat](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/hardhat_70e8bc2236.png)Hardhat

![Embark](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/embark_edbb8a163e.png)

![Embark](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/embark_edbb8a163e.png)

![Embark](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/embark_edbb8a163e.png)Embark

![Remix](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/remix_d6412f4deb.png)

![Remix](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/remix_d6412f4deb.png)

![Remix](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/remix_d6412f4deb.png)Remix

![Foundry](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/foundry_65fd2cbb58.png)

![Foundry](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/foundry_65fd2cbb58.png)

![Foundry](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/foundry_65fd2cbb58.png)Foundry

![Apewrox](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/ape_wro_x_774abec22e.png)

![Apewrox](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/ape_wro_x_774abec22e.png)

![Apewrox](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/ape_wro_x_774abec22e.png)Apewrox

![ChainIDE](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/chain_ide_e992d41b75.png)

![ChainIDE](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/chain_ide_e992d41b75.png)

![ChainIDE](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/chain_ide_e992d41b75.png)ChainIDE

![Solidity](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/solidity_99b9a0adf1.png)

![Solidity](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/solidity_99b9a0adf1.png)

![Solidity](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/solidity_99b9a0adf1.png)Solidity

![Vyper](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/vyper_cdf54c36ff.png)

![Vyper](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/vyper_cdf54c36ff.png)

![Vyper](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/vyper_cdf54c36ff.png)Vyper

### <Designed for developers>

Leverage Neon EVM to deploy Solidity or Vyper contracts on Solana, tapping
into high-speed, parallel processing, and reduced gas fees without retooling
your Ethereum dApp. Experience seamless integration with Solanaâ€™s ecosystem
using familiar EVM development tools, underpinned by Solana's robust
infrastructure for unmatched scalability and efficiency. Neon EVM is where
technical sophistication meets developer convenience, with robust
compatibility with the EVM opcode set, enabling you to push the boundaries of
dApp performance and innovation.

![developers](/images/index/index-
developers.png)![developers](/images/index/index-developers-mobile.png)

[ Explore developer hub ](/developers)

### Develop with Neon EVM

### Join our Ecosystem

Discover the diverse range of dApps and tools that have deployed on Neon EVM.

![Sobal
\(Balancer\)](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/sobal_72949f38f9.png)

![Sobal
\(Balancer\)](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/sobal_72949f38f9.png)

![Sobal
\(Balancer\)](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/sobal_72949f38f9.png)

![Walletconnect](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/walletconnect_f3d2c30d3a.png)

![Walletconnect](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/walletconnect_f3d2c30d3a.png)

![Walletconnect](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/walletconnect_f3d2c30d3a.png)

![Metamask](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/metamask_8f61b61789.png)

![Metamask](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/metamask_8f61b61789.png)

![Metamask](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/metamask_8f61b61789.png)

![Pyth
Network](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/pyth_network_8a9192c3b9.png)

![Pyth
Network](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/pyth_network_8a9192c3b9.png)

![Pyth
Network](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/pyth_network_8a9192c3b9.png)

![Debridge](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/debridge_75410c2557.png)

![Debridge](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/debridge_75410c2557.png)

![Debridge](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/debridge_75410c2557.png)

![The Graph](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/the_graph_2211fdcb64.png)

![The Graph](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/the_graph_2211fdcb64.png)

![The Graph](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/the_graph_2211fdcb64.png)

![IceCreame](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/icecream_f07a51b4e7.png)

![IceCreame](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/icecream_f07a51b4e7.png)

![IceCreame](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/icecream_f07a51b4e7.png)

![LiteFlow](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/liteflow_4c1eafb96d.png)

![LiteFlow](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/liteflow_4c1eafb96d.png)

![LiteFlow](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/liteflow_4c1eafb96d.png)

![Moraswap](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/moraswap_31652a98d4.png)

![Moraswap](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/moraswap_31652a98d4.png)

![Moraswap](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/moraswap_31652a98d4.png)

[explore ecosystem](/ecosystem)

[add your
dapp](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/15iL4l-Rj3GUdtE1tlQTto2sqgMS5Gpn92u0GUveWWVg/viewform?edit_requested=true)

![Sobal
\(Balancer\)](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/sobal_72949f38f9.png)

![Sobal
\(Balancer\)](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/sobal_72949f38f9.png)

![Sobal
\(Balancer\)](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/sobal_72949f38f9.png)

![Walletconnect](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/walletconnect_f3d2c30d3a.png)

![Walletconnect](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/walletconnect_f3d2c30d3a.png)

![Walletconnect](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/walletconnect_f3d2c30d3a.png)

![Metamask](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/metamask_8f61b61789.png)

![Metamask](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/metamask_8f61b61789.png)

![Metamask](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/metamask_8f61b61789.png)

![Pyth
Network](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/pyth_network_8a9192c3b9.png)

![Pyth
Network](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/pyth_network_8a9192c3b9.png)

![Pyth
Network](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/pyth_network_8a9192c3b9.png)

![Debridge](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/debridge_75410c2557.png)

![Debridge](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/debridge_75410c2557.png)

![Debridge](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/debridge_75410c2557.png)

![The Graph](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/the_graph_2211fdcb64.png)

![The Graph](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/the_graph_2211fdcb64.png)

![The Graph](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/the_graph_2211fdcb64.png)

![IceCreame](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/icecream_f07a51b4e7.png)

![IceCreame](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/icecream_f07a51b4e7.png)

![IceCreame](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/icecream_f07a51b4e7.png)

![LiteFlow](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/liteflow_4c1eafb96d.png)

![LiteFlow](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/liteflow_4c1eafb96d.png)

![LiteFlow](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/liteflow_4c1eafb96d.png)

![Moraswap](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/moraswap_31652a98d4.png)

![Moraswap](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/moraswap_31652a98d4.png)

![Moraswap](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/moraswap_31652a98d4.png)

#### Become an Operator

As a Proxy Operator, you'll play a pivotal role in transaction processing
earning NEON tokens as compensation for your services, whilst enhancing the
decentralized infrastructure of the Neon EVM platform. Operators run a Neon
Proxy which helps facilitate the seamless execution of Ethereum-like
transactions on Solana. This allows Ethereum dApps to be ported to Neon EVM
easily.

![operators](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/operators_cbe305db08.png)

[Proxy technical docs](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/operating/operator-
introduction)

#### Security Audits

Ensure the integrity and reliability of your decentralized applications with
our transparent 3rd party audits and robust smart contract environment. Our
security audits for Neon EVM, Neon Proxy, and DAO governance protocols were
conducted by four notable companies, Halborn, Neodyme, Least Authority, and
Ackee Blockchain.

![operators](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/Security_Audits_33853ab606.png)

[Access secuity audits](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/about/why_neon#public-
and-audited)

#### Governance DAO

Join the Neon DAO, a unique opportunity to participate in the decentralized
governance of Neon EVM. The community consensus will help shape the future of
Neon EVM by setting parameters, proposing updates, and addressing key
decisions. The Neon DAO's Assemblies are built using SPL Governance, a
versatile DAO creation tool for the Solana blockchain.

![operators](https://api.cms.neonevm.org/uploads/governance_e9795a08fb.png)

[Find out more](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/governance/overview)

###  Neon EVM News

Check out the news _ _

Read more on our blog about latest partnerships, launches and events to stay
tuned.

[](/)

[](https://twitter.com/Neon_EVM "twitter")[](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm "github")[](https://discord.gg/neonevm
"discord")[](https://medium.com/@neon_evm
"medium")[](https://t.me/NeonEvmCommunity
"telegram")[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/neonevm/ "linkedin")

### Stay connected

Subscribe to all Neon EVM updates

subscribe

Developers

[Developers Hub](/developers)[Technical
Docs](https://docs.neonevm.org/docs/quick_start)[GitHub](https://github.com/neonevm/neon-
evm)[Whitepaper](https://neonevm.org/whitepaper.pdf)[FAQs](/faq)

Ecosystem

[Ecosystem
Hub](/ecosystem)[NeonScan](https://neonscan.org)[NeonPass](https://neonpass.live/)[NeonFaucet](https://neonfaucet.org/)[Gnosis
Safe](https://safe.neonevm.org/welcome)[BlockScout](https://neon.blockscout.com/)

About Neon

[Careers](/careers)[Events](/events)[Community News](/blog)

All rights reserved Â© 2024

  * [Terms Of Use](/terms)
  * [Cookie Policy](/cookie-policy)

  * [Disclaimer](/disclaimer)
  * [Privacy](/privacy-policy)

