Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

![üìù](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4dd.svg)

Uses of Ethereum are always developing and evolving. Add any info you think
will make things clearer or more up to date. [Edit page(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website/tree/dev/public/content/social-networks/index.md)

![üì£](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4e3.svg)

# Decentralized social networks

  * Blockchain-based platforms for social interaction and content creation and distribution.
  * Decentralized social media networks protect user privacy and enhance data security.
  * Tokens and NFTs create new ways to monetize content.

On this page

  * What are decentralized social networks?
    * How do decentralized social networks work?
  * Benefits of decentralized social networks
  * Decentralized social networks on Ethereum
    * Mirror
    * MINDS
  * Use decentralized social networks
  * Web2 social networks on Ethereum
    * Reddit
  * Further reading
    * Articles
    * Videos
    * Communities

![](/_next/image/?url=%2Fethereum-learn.png&w=1920&q=75)

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

## On this page

  * What are decentralized social networks?
  * Benefits of decentralized social networks
  * Decentralized social networks on Ethereum
  * Use decentralized social networks
  * Web2 social networks on Ethereum
  * Further reading

Social networks play a massive role in our daily communications and
interactions. However, centralized control of these platforms has created many
problems: data breaches, server outages, de-platforming, censorship, and
privacy violations are some of the trade-offs social media often make. To
combat these issues, developers are building social networks on Ethereum.
Decentralized social networks can fix many of the problems of traditional
social networking platforms and improve users' overall experience.

## What are decentralized social networks?

Decentralized social networks are _blockchain-based_ platforms that allow
users to exchange information as well as publish and distribute content to
audiences. Because these applications run on the blockchain, they are capable
of being decentralized and resistant to censorship and undue control.

Many decentralized social networks exist as alternatives to established social
media services, such as Facebook, LinkedIn, Twitter, and Medium. But
blockchain-powered social networks have a number of features that put them
ahead of traditional social platforms.

### How do decentralized social networks work?

Decentralized social networks are a class of [decentralized applications
(dapps)](/en/dapps/)‚Äîapplications powered by _smart contracts_ deployed on the
blockchain. The contract code serves as the backend for these apps and defines
their business logic.

Traditional social media platforms rely on databases to store user
information, program code, and other forms of data. But this creates single
points-of-failure and introduces significant risk. For instance, Facebook's
servers infamously [went offline for hours(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.npr.org/2021/10/05/1043211171/facebook-instagram-whatsapp-
outage-business-impact) in October 2021, cutting off users from the platform.

Decentralized social networks exist on a _peer-to-peer network_ comprising
thousands of nodes around the globe. Even if some nodes fail, the network will
run uninterrupted, making applications resistant to failures and outages.

Using decentralized storage systems like [the InterPlanetary File System
(IPFS)(opens in a new tab)](https://ipfs.io/), social networks built on
Ethereum can protect user information from exploitation and malicious use. No
one will sell your personal information to advertisers, neither will hackers
be able to steal your confidential details.

Many blockchain-based social platforms have native tokens that power
monetization in absence of advertising revenue. Users can buy these tokens to
access certain features, complete in-app purchases, or tip their favorite
content creators.

## Benefits of decentralized social networks

  1. Decentralized social networks are censorship-resistant and open to everyone. This means **users cannot be banned** , deplatformed, or restricted arbitrarily.

  2. Decentralized social networks are **built on open-source ideals** and make source code for applications available for public inspection. By eliminating the implementation of opaque algorithms common in traditional social media, blockchain-based social networks can align the interests of users and platform creators.

  3. Decentralized social networks eliminate the "middle-man". Content **creators have direct ownership over their content** , and they engage directly with followers, fans, buyers, and other parties, with nothing but a smart contract in between.

  4. As dapps running on the Ethereum network, which is sustained by a global, peer-to-peer network of nodes, decentralized social networks are **less susceptible to server downtime** and outages.

  5. Decentralized social platforms offer an **improved monetization** framework for content creators via _non-fungible tokens (NFTs)_ , in-app crypto payments, and more.

  6. Decentralized social networks afford users **a high level of privacy and anonymity**. For instance, an individual can sign in to an Ethereum-based social network using an _ENS_ profile or _wallet_ ‚Äîwithout having to share personally identifiable information (PII), such as names, email addresses, etc.

  7. Decentralized social networks rely on decentralized storage, not centralized databases, which are considerably better for safeguarding user data.

## Decentralized social networks on Ethereum

The Ethereum network has become the preferred tool for developers creating
decentralized social media owing to the popularity of its tokens and its
massive user base. Here are some examples of Ethereum-based social networks:

### Mirror

[Mirror(opens in a new tab)](https://mirror.xyz/) is a web3-enabled writing
platform that aims to be decentralized and user-owned. Users can read and
write for free on Mirror by simply connecting their wallets. Users can also
collect writing and subscribe to their favorite writers.

Posts published on Mirror are permanently stored on Arweave, a decentralized
storage platform, and can be minted as collectable [non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/) known as Writing NFTs. Writing NFTs are completely free for
writers to create, and collection happens on an Ethereum _L2_ ‚Äî making
transactions inexpensive, fast, and environmentally friendly.

### MINDS

[MINDS(opens in a new tab)](https://www.minds.com/) is one of the most used
decentralized social networks. It works like Facebook and has racked up
millions of users already.

Users use the platform's native _ERC-20_ token $MIND to pay for items. Users
can also earn $MIND tokens by publishing popular content, contributing to the
ecosystem, and referring others to the platform.

## Use decentralized social networks

  * **[Status.im(opens in a new tab)](https://status.im/)** \- _Status is a secure messaging app that uses an open-source, peer-to-peer protocol, and end-to-end encryption to protect your messages from third parties._
  * **[Mirror.xyz(opens in a new tab)](https://mirror.xyz/)** \- _Mirror is a decentralized, user-owned publishing platform built on Ethereum for users to crowdfund ideas, monetize content, and build high-value communities._
  * **[Lens Protocol(opens in a new tab)](https://lens.xyz/)** \- _Lens Protocol is a composable and decentralized social graph helping creators take ownership of their content wherever they go in the digital garden of the decentralized internet._
  * **[Farcaster(opens in a new tab)](https://farcaster.xyz/)** \- _Farcaster is a sufficiently decentralized social network. It is an open protocol that can support many clients, just like email._

## Web2 social networks on Ethereum

 _Web3_ native social platforms aren't the only ones trying to incorporate
blockchain technology into social media. Many centralized platforms are also
planning to integrate Ethereum into their infrastructure:

### Reddit

Reddit has [touted Community Points(opens in a new
tab)](https://cointelegraph.com/news/reddit-to-reportedly-tokenize-karma-
points-and-onboard-500m-new-users), which are ERC-20 tokens that users can
earn by posting quality content and contributing to online communities
(subreddits). You can redeem these tokens within a subreddit to get exclusive
privileges and perks. For this project, Reddit is working with Arbitrum, a
_layer 2_ network designed to scale Ethereum transactions.

The program is already live, with the r/CryptoCurrency subreddit [running its
version of Community Points called "Moons"(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/wiki/moons_wiki). Per the
official description, Moons "reward posters, commenters, and moderators for
their contributions to the subreddit." Because these tokens are on the
blockchain (users receive them in wallets), they are independent of Reddit and
cannot be taken away.

Besides using Community Points to unlock special features, users can also
trade them for fiat on exchanges. Also, the amount of Community Points a user
owns determines their influence on the decision-making process within the
community.

## Further reading

### Articles

  * [Decentralizing social media: a guide to the web3 social stack(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/blog/decentralizing-social-media-a-guide-to-the-web3-social-stack) \- _Coinbase Ventures_
  * [Social Networks Are the Next Big Decentralization Opportunity(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coindesk.com/tech/2021/01/22/social-networks-are-the-next-big-decentralization-opportunity/) ‚Äî _Ben Goertzel_
  * [Web3 holds the promise of decentralized, community-powered social networks(opens in a new tab)](https://venturebeat.com/2022/02/26/web3-holds-the-promise-of-decentralized-community-powered-social-networks/) ‚Äî _Sumit Ghosh_
  * [An Overview of the Blockchain Social Media Landscape(opens in a new tab)](https://www.gemini.com/cryptopedia/blockchain-social-media-decentralized-social-media) ‚Äî _Gemini Cryptopedia_
  * [How Blockchain Can Solve Social Media Privacy(opens in a new tab)](https://www.investopedia.com/news/ethereum-blockchain-social-media-privacy-problem-linkedin-indorse/) ‚Äî _Prableen Bajpai_
  * [Sufficient Decentralization for Social Networks(opens in a new tab)](https://www.varunsrinivasan.com/2022/01/11/sufficient-decentralization-for-social-networks) ‚Äî _Varun Srinivasan_

### Videos

  * [Decentralized Social Media Explained(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UdT2lpcGvcQ) ‚Äî _Coinmarketcap_
  * [DeSo Blockchain Wants to Decentralize Social Media(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SG2HUiVp0rE) ‚Äî _Bloomberg Technology_
  * [The Future of Decentralized Social Media w/ Balaji Srinivasan, Vitalik Buterin, Juan Benet(opens in a new tab)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DTxE9KV3YrE) ‚Äî _ETHGlobal_

### Communities

  * [r/CryptoCurrency subreddit(opens in a new tab)](https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Ethereum use cases

[Decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)[Non-fungible tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/)[Decentralized autonomous organisations
(DAOs)](/en/dao/)[Decentralized social networks](/en/social-
networks/)[Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)[Decentralized
science (DeSci)](/en/desci/)[Regenerative finance (ReFi)](/en/refi/)

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### Peer-to-peer network

A network of computers (peers) that are collectively able to perform
functionalities without the need for centralized, server-based services.

### Non-fungible token (NFT)

Non-fungible-token (NFT ) is a unique digital item you can own, like art or
collectibles, verified by blockchain technology. [More on Non-Fungible Tokens
(NFTs)](/en/nft/).

### Ethereum Name Service (ENS)

Ethereum Name Service is like an internet phonebook for Ethereum addresses.
Instead of using long wallet addresses, ENS lets you use simple names like
"john.eth" to send and receive digital money and assets.

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### Layer 2

Layer 2s are another networks built on top of Ethereum main network to make
transactions faster and cheaper. [More on layer 2](/en/layer-2/).

### ERC-20

Is the standard set of rules that most tokens on Ethereum network are created
with.

### Web3

Web3 is the new internet with blockchain, where users control their data and
transactions, not companies. No need to share any personal information. [More
on web3](/en/web3/).

### Layer 2

Layer 2s are another networks built on top of Ethereum main network to make
transactions faster and cheaper. [More on layer 2](/en/layer-2/).

