[](/)[](/)

[](/)[](/)

[Open Beta](/download)

Account

[Sign in](/login)[Sign up](/signup)

Quick Start Guide

[The World Of Parallel](/game-manual/world-of-parallel)

[Summary of Gameplay](/game-manual/summary-of-gameplay)[The Basics](/game-
manual/summary-of-gameplay#thebasics)[Constructing a deck](/game-
manual/summary-of-gameplay#constructingadeck)[Powerful Paragons](/game-
manual/summary-of-gameplay#powerfulparagons)[Playing Cards](/game-
manual/summary-of-gameplay#playingcards)[The Goal](/game-manual/summary-of-
gameplay#thegoal)

[Order of Play](/game-manual/order-of-play)[Start of Game](/game-manual/order-
of-play#startofgame)[During Each Turn](/game-manual/order-of-
play#duringeachturn)[Combat](/game-manual/order-of-play#combat)[Running Out of
Cards](/game-manual/order-of-play#runningoutofcards)[Conclusion of
Match](/game-manual/order-of-play#conclusionofmatch)[Conceding](/game-
manual/order-of-play#conceding)

[Glossary](/game-manual/glossary)[Player & Player Actions](/game-
manual/glossary#playerandplayeractions)[Game Field Areas](/game-
manual/glossary#gamefieldareas)[Card Types & Card Actions](/game-
manual/glossary#cardtypesandcardactions)[Keywords](/game-
manual/glossary#keywordssection)

[Download Cheatsheet](/game-manual/download-cheatsheet)

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

Quick Start Guide

The World Of Parallel

# Quick Start Guide

Welcome to Parallel, a TCG game set in the far-flung future of our solar
system.

Game CheatSheet

We’ve created a Parallel Cheat Sheet for key gameplay concepts. [Click here to
download. (1.4mb)](https://assets.parallel.life/other/cheatsheet.pdf)

##  THE WORLD OF PARALLEL

Thousands of years after a global cataclysm known as [**The
Priming**](https://parallel.life/story/) led to a planet-wide exodus from
Earth, humanity has been fractured into 5 distinct factions known as
Parallels. Each one, developing in divergent ways.

[**The Marcolian**](https://parallel.life/story/marcolian/) are those who left
Earth and set their eyes on Mars. A militaristic, prideful, and opportunistic
society built from rapid technological innovation.

[**The Augencore**](https://parallel.life/story/augencore/) are a society of
people who found a living among the resource-rich asteroids of our solar
system. Turning to heavy mechanical modifications, the Augencore work
tirelessly to maintain their largely nomadic way of life.

[**The Kathari**](https://parallel.life/story/kathari/) found refuge on Europa
after suffering critical levels of radiation upon their departure from Earth.
The remaining passengers of the Artemis Proxima turned to cloning technology
to maintain their population.

[**The Shroud**](https://parallel.life/story/shroud/) are a group of colonists
turned devout followers of a cosmic being known to them as The Great One, the
Shroud interpret and follow the mysterious bidding of the Entity.

And finally, [**The Earthen**](https://parallel.life/story/earthen/). Those
who were left behind on the surface of an irradiated and seemingly
inhospitable Earth in the aftermath of The Priming. As the planet was remade
by a mysterious Miasma, so too were the people changed by its life-giving
properties. Now inhabiting a lush and verdant Earth, The Earthen gained a
strong connection with all life on the planet.

As you play this game, you will have the chance to familiarise yourself with
each Parallel’s unique playstyle.

[Download Cheatsheet Pdf
(1.4mb)](https://assets.parallel.life/other/cheatsheet.pdf)

[](https://twitter.com/ParallelTCG)[](https://discord.com/invite/paralleltcg)[](https://opensea.io/category/parallel-
collections)

Join our  
community

[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)//[Terms of Use](/terms-of-use)

© COPYRIGHT ⁨2024⁩ PARALLEL STUDIOS

[Discord](https://discord.gg/paralleltcg)//[Twitter](https://twitter.com/paralleltcg/)

  1. Cookie Policy

We use and store cookies to improve your browsing experience, analyze usage
and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline to refuse non essential
cookies.

[Cookie Policy](/privacy-policy).

Accept All

Decline

Notification Cookie PolicyWe use and store cookies to improve your browsing
experience, analyze usage and assist in our marketing efforts. You can decline
to refuse non essential cookies. Cookie Policy.Accept All
Cookies![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=3ccc1d2c-42a8-4e0d-8ed2-e7d1d372200d&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0ab9f047-5bd1-4a95-961f-fe8c3b1ae7ee&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fgame-
manual%2Fworld-of-
parallel&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=3ccc1d2c-42a8-4e0d-8ed2-e7d1d372200d&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=0ab9f047-5bd1-4a95-961f-fe8c3b1ae7ee&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fparallel.life%2Fgame-
manual%2Fworld-of-
parallel&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=okqpa&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

