[![Logo](https://docs.cambrian.one/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.cambrian.one%2F%7Egitbook%2Ficon%3Fsize%3Dmedium%26theme%3Dlight&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=b14e3e998a4bb12c68b7fb82482ccc97e7eee5defc4323dec88bcc91e4eb7e10)![Logo](https://docs.cambrian.one/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fdocs.cambrian.one%2F%7Egitbook%2Ficon%3Fsize%3Dmedium%26theme%3Ddark&width=32&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=0eca960043cfe07ca6ef228de4d758a3fbc86a8ea7603a7c16279aa611085345)Cambrian](/)

SearchCtrl \+ K

  * [Cambrian Introduction](/)

  * [Abstract](/abstract)

    * [What is Cambrian](/abstract/what-is-cambrian)

    * [What is Restaking](/abstract/what-is-restaking)

    * [Solana General Overview](/abstract/solana-general-overview)

    * [Usecases](/abstract/usecases)

  * [Cambrian Architecture and Workflow](/cambrian-architecture-and-workflow)

    * [PoolManager](/cambrian-architecture-and-workflow/poolmanager)

    * [WorkerManager](/cambrian-architecture-and-workflow/workermanager)

    * [AVSManager](/cambrian-architecture-and-workflow/avsmanager)

    * [StakingManager](/cambrian-architecture-and-workflow/stakingmanager)

  * [AVS Overview](/avs-overview)

    * [Validator Key Sharing](/avs-overview/validator-key-sharing)

    * [Quorum and Consensus for AVSes](/avs-overview/quorum-and-consensus-for-avses)

    * [AVS Reward Model](/avs-overview/avs-reward-model)

    * [Slashing](/avs-overview/slashing)

  * [Operators Guideline](/operators-guideline)

  * [Restaking Guidelines](/restaking-guidelines)

  * [AVS Developers Guidelines](/avs-developers-guidelines)

  * [üõ†Ô∏èTools to work with Cambrian](/tools-to-work-with-cambrian)

  * [üåêCambrian Ecosystem](/cambrian-ecosystem)

  * [üîóLinks & Contacts](/links-and-contacts)

  * [üößRisks](/risks)

  * [üõ°Ô∏èAudits](/audits)

[Powered by
GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/?utm_source=content&utm_medium=trademark&utm_campaign=atLCejs17XEgpdNvw4qW)

# Cambrian Introduction

![](https://docs.cambrian.one/~gitbook/image?url=https%3A%2F%2F2970574188-files.gitbook.io%2F%7E%2Ffiles%2Fv0%2Fb%2Fgitbook-
x-
prod.appspot.com%2Fo%2Fspaces%252FatLCejs17XEgpdNvw4qW%252Fuploads%252FEFCoeZmSRVcSgMgfvh19%252F%25D0%25A1%25D0%25BD%25D0%25B8%25D0%25BC%25D0%25BE%25D0%25BA%2520%25D1%258D%25D0%25BA%25D1%2580%25D0%25B0%25D0%25BD%25D0%25B0%25202024-05-20%2520%25D0%25B2%252017.53.45.png%3Falt%3Dmedia%26token%3De7e0aa9a-afb5-4fac-8ac9-cdd6b9ec856a&width=768&dpr=4&quality=100&sign=a178130567e18847c5ddc19f54bc4e82ed12d8a91bf38eecdbe52b02ef639ba1)

Cambrian is building a modular restaking layer for the Solana ecosystem,
inspired by EigenLayer. In this way, Cambrian creates a novel market for
decentralized trust based on the existing Solana consensus turning the capital
used for network security into an asset that can be used for other modular
networks and middlewares. The model incorporates a restaking mechanism,
offering enhanced fee-generating opportunities for both validators and SOL
holders. This approach aims to improve features and security of the networks
and enrich engagement and financial incentives within the Solana chain. Also
Cambrian creates additional revenue streams for validators and stakers,
supporting the network economy and incentives for further growth in
decentralization with the volume of staked assets.

Overall Cambrian's restaking model for Solana presents an approach enhancing
the security and efficiency of decentralized applications and empowering
innovation by enabling new usecases. This approach not only strengthens
network security through shared security mechanisms but also offers new
economic opportunities for stakeholders. Its potential to facilitate diverse
applications, from DePIN to Defi lowers the barriers for bootstrapping the
validation of new services and provides additional computational resources to
the protocols. Key use cases, such as decentralized oracles, Al coprocessors,
and private database information retrieval, stand to benefit immensely from
Cambrian's shared security model.

By integrating middleware and blockchain economic trust models, Cambrian
facilitates a more sustainable validation process for various applications. It
eliminates reliance on new volatile tokens or validator whitelists, leading to
a more decentralized and robust system. This model significantly benefits all
stakeholders - from middleware developers, who can now easily bootstrap
validation for their products, to validators, who gain additional profits for
their work. By making validation a commodity accessible from the start,
Cambrian lowers barriers for innovation and fosters rapid development within
the ecosystem.

###

Disclaimer

All statements, content, design, algorithms, estimates, roadmaps,
specifications, and performance measurements described in this project are
made to the best of the author's ability, and the documentation will change as
Cambrian is developed. It is up to the reader to verify and confirm their
accuracy and veracity for themselves. In addition, nothing in this project is
an invitation to invest.

[NextAbstract](/abstract)

Last updated 7 days ago

On this page

