s m a r t

w a l l e t s

a t

l i g h t s p e e d

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[About](https://www.sqds.io/)

[Blog](../blog)

[](../)

Get started

#  Squads Validator: The Most Secure Way to Stake SOL

May 17, 2024

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/WOKbvF0y1nHBuYDN78pvmWH8zU.png)

## Key takeaways

  * Solana needs a more diverse set of validators

  * We just launched Squads Validator

  * Stake with Squads from the Squads app and get a free Squads Pro subscription if you stake 1000+ SOL with Squads Validator

## The State of Solana Staking

Staking SOL is the easiest way to earn passive income and help secure the
network.

As of now, [64%](https://www.coinbase.com/earn/staking/solana) of the SOL in
circulation is staked, while[
36%](https://www.coinbase.com/earn/staking/solana) remains unstaked. The ~287
M staked SOL gives Solana a staking market cap of $46B, compared to a total
asset market cap of [$72B](https://www.coinbase.com/earn/staking/solana).

Solana boasts [1,713 validators](https://solanabeach.io/validators), but most
of the staked SOL is held by a few validators from large institutions such as
Coinbase, Galaxy and Figment.

This has kept Solanaâs Nakamoto Coefficient (NC) steadily at 21. The NC
measures the minimum number of validators needed to censor blocks or interfere
with consensus. This number is referred to as the superminority. A higher
Nakamoto Coefficient i.e larger superminority suggests greater
decentralization and resistance to attacks, as it implies that more
independent entities would be required to coordinate malicious activities.

Solanaâs Nakamoto Coefficient could be higher, allowing for more
decentralization and security. However, that would require more teams with a
deep technical understanding of the Solana network to spin up high-quality
validators that can attract a significant stake to break into the
superminority and join Coinbase, Galaxy, Figment & Co.

## **Introducing Squads Validator**

With Squads Validator, this is exactly what we have set out to do.

You can now stake your SOL to Squads Validator directly from the Squads app.
Visit our [docs](https://docs.squads.so/main/navigating-your-squad/in-app-
integrations/staking/direct-staking) for step-by-step instructions.

Apart from earning passive income on your SOL, we are also offering a free Pro
Subscription to all Squads users who stake 1,000+ SOL with Squads Validator
(only applicable for the duration of the stake). Stake via
[app.squads.so](http://app.squads.so/) to automatically receive and activate
your Squads Pro subscription.

If youâd like to learn more about the Squads validator, browse through our
[Stakewiz](https://stakewiz.com/validator/SQDSVTDfE5HqL7D6RjZk1vvZhaheWoskrDdDHCki68w),
[Jito](https://www.jito.network/validator/SQDSVTDfE5HqL7D6RjZk1vvZhaheWoskrDdDHCki68w/),
or [Stakeconomy](https://metrics.stakeconomy.com/d/f2b2HcaGz/solana-community-
validator-dashboard?orgId=1&var-
pubkey=SQDS9iwyWvT2mQbSZzuNKGoxuBug5jRHouF6SuMRBkA&var-server=squads&var-
inter=1m&var-netif=eno1&var-version=&refresh=1m).

  

**About Squads Labs**

Squads Labs is a core contributor to Squads Protocol, the leading multisig
infrastructure on Solana. In addition to helping maintain the protocol, Squads
Labs makes the Squads platform, an institutional-grade multisig platform for
Solana-based teams. The Squads platform helps web3-native teams manage and
secure digital assets on-chain. To learn more about Squads Labs, please visit
<https://www.sqds.io/>.

**About Squads Protocol**

Squads is a multisig protocol that helps web3-native teams manage and secure
digital assets on-chain. Squads Protocol v3 is the first formally verified
program on Solana. Squads Protocol v4 introduces time locks, spending limits,
roles, sub-accounts, fee relayers, multiple-party payments, support for
SquadsX and more. Squads v4 has already been audited by Neodyme, OtterSec, and
Trail of Bits. It is currently undergoing two formal verifications, one by
OtterSec and the other by Certora. To learn more about Squads Protocol, please
visit <https://squads.so/protocol>

Continue reading

[![Turn on Rent Reclaim for cost-effective
transactions](https://framerusercontent.com/images/eOILakO7M19S8jwBSRmPIXJhg.png)Rent
Reclaim: Enjoy Cost-Effective TransactionsMay 17, 2024](./update-rent-
reclaim)[![Use Squads Token Manager for Token Extensions and Token Metadata
Updates](https://framerusercontent.com/images/7HnkhwbJM5yCrT3XKC9bXCdaoM.png)Squads
Token Manager: Now Supporting Token Extensions and Metadata UpdatesMay 17,
2024](./update-token-manager-token-extensions-and-metadata-updates)[![squads-
multisig-frontend-alternative-ui-open-source-cli-tool-command-line-interace-
squads-protocol-solana-multisig-sdk-backup-
kit](https://framerusercontent.com/images/uAfAsDKP5JsZAuoDiRStU955nQ.png)Releasing
the Squads Backup KitFebruary 8, 2024](./squads-backup-kit)

[](../)

All rights reserved

Â© Squads Protocol 2024

Product

[Squads](../)

[Protocol](../protocol)

[Extension](../extension)

[Use Cases](../use-cases)

[Why Multisig](https://squads.so/blog/what-are-multisig-wallets)

Resources

[Github](https://github.com/Squads-Protocol)

[SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sqds/multisig)

[Documentation](https://docs.squads.so/main/basics/welcome-to-squads)

[Blog](../blog)

[Multisig vs MPC](https://squads.so/blog/mpc-wallets-risks-vs-multisig)

Company

[About](../about)

[Brand assets](../brand-assets)

[Twitter](https://twitter.com/squadsprotocol)

[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

[Farcaster](https://warpcast.com/squads)

Legal

[Terms of Service](../legal/terms-of-service)

[Privacy Policy](../legal/privacy-policy)

[Contact us](https://discord.com/invite/YPXz64TrKs)

