[](/)

Developers

Use cases

[Knowledge hub](/knowledge-hub/)

Help

[Contact
us](https://partner.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=header_contact_us_btn&utm_campaign=lifi_to_contact_form)

[](/)

# Imprint

Information pursuant to § 5 TMG

**LI.FI Service GmbH** , Lychener Str. 19, 10437 Berlin

Commercial Register: HRB 233395 B, Registration court: Amtsgericht
Charlottenburg

**Represented by:** Philipp Zentner, Max Klenk

**Contact:** legal@li.finance

**VAT ID:** DE347214227 (Sales tax identification number according to § 27a of
the German Sales Tax Law)

**EU dispute resolution:** The European Commission provides a platform for
online dispute resolution (ODR):
[https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/](https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/main/index.cfm?event=main.home2.show&lng=EN).

### Liability for Contents

As service providers, we are liable for own contents of these websites
according to Paragraph 7, Sect. 1 German Telemedia Act (TMG). However,
according to Paragraphs 8 to 10 German Telemedia Act (TMG), service providers
are not obligated to permanently monitor submitted or stored information or to
search for evidences that indicate illegal activities.

Legal obligations to removing information or to blocking the use of
information remain unchallenged. In this case, liability is only possible at
the time of knowledge about a specific violation of law. Illegal contents will
be removed immediately at the time we get knowledge of them.

### Copyright

Contents and compilations published on these websites by the providers are
subject to German copyright laws. Reproduction, editing, distribution as well
as the use of any kind outside the scope of the copyright law require a
written permission of the author or originator. Downloads and copies of these
websites are permitted for private use only. The commercial use of our
contents without permission of the originator is prohibited.

Copyright laws of third parties are respected as long as the contents on these
websites do not originate from the provider. Contributions of third parties on
this site are indicated as such. However, if you notice any violations of
copyright law, please inform us. Such contents will be removed immediately.

Terms & Conditions

Privacy Policy

[Privacy](/legal/privacy-policy/)[Terms & Conditions](/legal/terms-and-
conditions/)[Imprint](/legal/imprint/)

LI.FI © 2024. All right reserved.

[](https://blog.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_socials&utm_campaign=lifi_to_blog)

[](https://github.com/lifinance/)

[](https://discord.gg/lifi)

[](https://twitter.com/lifiprotocol)

[](https://t.me/lifinews)

Products

  * [Widget](/widget/)
  * [SDK](/sdk/)
  * [API](https://docs.li.fi/more-integration-options/li.fi-api/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_products&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)

Getting started

  * [Widget docs](https://docs.li.fi/integrate-li.fi-widget/li.fi-widget-overview/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [SDK docs](https://docs.li.fi/integrate-li.fi-js-sdk/install-li.fi-sdk/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [Protocol docs](https://docs.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [API docs](https://docs.li.fi/more-integration-options/li.fi-api/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_getting_started&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)

Tools

  * [SDK docs](https://docs.li.fi/integrate-li.fi-js-sdk/install-li.fi-sdk/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_tools&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [LI.FI Explorer](https://explorer.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_tools&utm_campaign=lifi_to_explorer)

Company

  * [How it works](/how-it-works/)
  * [Careers](/careers/)
  * [Brand Assets](/brand-assets/)
  * [About](/)

Resources

  * [Knowledge hub](/knowledge-hub/)

Support

  * [Discord support](https://discord.gg/lifi)
  * [Status](https://status.li.fi/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_support&utm_campaign=lifi_to_status)
  * [FAQ](https://docs.li.fi/why-what-and-faq/faq/?utm_source=lifi&utm_medium=footer_link_support&utm_campaign=lifi_to_docs)
  * [Changelog](https://github.com/lifinance/sdk/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

