Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

Metaco Talks Ep. 38

# Shifting Financial Rails into Web3: from Australia to the RoW

Recording and transcript from live event live event on **8th of June 2023 | 08.00 CET | 16.00 AEST.** For this episode of Metaco Talks, we went Down Under, to Australia, as we were joined by [Lisa Wade](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lisa-wade-she-her/), CEO at DigitalX, a publicly-listed blockchain financial company innovating at the frontiers of Web3, providing digital asset funds management services for institutional investors and development of blockchain enabled products for capital markets applications.

**Topics discussed**

– Real-world assets tokenized funds: the why and how  
– Digital asset fund management services: Crypto-native vs. traditional
institutions  
– Learnings from big bank projects

  * __

June 8, 2023

  *  __32 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue

See video recordingRead transcript

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Flisa-wade-digitalx-shifting-financial-rails-into-web3%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Flisa-wade-digitalx-shifting-financial-rails-into-web3%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

## Play video recording

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/mt-
speaker-1920x1080-1-1280x720.jpg?x88149)

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/lisa-wade-at-metaco-talks-640x640.png?x88149)

Speaker

Lisa is the CEO of [DigitalX](https://www.digitalx.com/). DigitalX is a
publicly-listed blockchain financial company innovating at the frontiers of
Web3.  
Lisa brings nearly three decades of experience in the finance industry,
managing international portfolios in both DeFi and TradFi assets. During her
career Lisa has been a Director at Citigroup where she specialized in
arbitrage and derivatives, Head of Digital Innovation and Sustainability at
National Australia Bank and Head of Community Assets at Bendigo Bank among
many other roles.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/05/63577d54beb85216700f7cde_digitalx-logotype-black-
copy-640x118.png?x88149)

Lisa Wade

CEO of DigitalX

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/02/seamus-donoghue-webinar.png?x88149)

Host

Seamus has extensive domain expertise in investment banking, wealth
management, commodities and crypto markets that spans market structure,
regulations and technology. He spent 20 years building and managing trading
operations across all the global financial centres with JP Morgan, Deutsche
Bank, Barclays and Bank of America Merrill Lynch.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/10.png?x88149)

Seamus Donoghue

Chief Growth Officer

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-building-the-future-of-digital-assets/id1542371076?uo=4)

## Full transcript

 _*Disclaimer: The accuracy of this transcript is not guaranteed. This is not
investment advice, and any opinions expressed here are the sole opinions of
the individuals, not of the institutions they represent._

[00:00:09] **Seamus:** Welcome to the 38th episode of METACO Talks. For this
episode we’re going down under, we’re in Australia, and we’re joined by Lisa
Wade, CEO of DigitalX – a publicly listed blockchain financial company,
innovating the frontiers of web3, providing digital asset funds management
services for institutional investors, and development of blockchain enabled
products for capital markets applications.

Lisa brings three decades of experience in the finance industry, managing
international portfolios for both DeFi and Tradify assets. During her career,
Lisa’s been director at Citigroup, where she specialized in arbitrage and
dorus, and head of digital innovation and sustainability at NAB, National
Australia Bank, among other roles. Lisa great to have you here, and welcome to
METACO Talks.

[00:00:47] **Lisa:** Thanks for having me.

[00:00:50] **Seamus:** Great. Well, why don’t we just jump right into it?
Given that very background, given you’ve covered Tradify and DeFi, what
sparked your interest in digital assets? Where did the journey begin?

[00:01:11] **Lisa:** I think like all had friends, you can see my background
was a bit of derivatives, trading. Back in the day, a few friends moved up to
Byron and started trading Bitcoin. I didn’t really take it that seriously, to
be honest. Then somewhere around 2011, we were building microgrid models with
Bendigo Bank, and my passion for sustainable finance led me to building
financial models around renewable energy. It was a fortuitous meeting with
Macquarie Bank, MasterCard and American Express, where I made a flippant
comment about Bitcoin not being very useful because there’s only 21 million
Bitcoin ever going to be issued. The guy from Amex looked at me said, “You do
realize that they’re infinitely divisible, don’t you?” Then I just had this
epiphany about fractionalization and what that could do for community
investment.

I skipped over Bendigo Bank on my CV, but I was there as head of community
assets for some time. During that time we looked at how we could use these
blockchain technologies to fractionalize, and let’s say democratize impact
investing in community investment. I developed my passion there. Then I met
National Australia Bank, and they were very interested in exploring different
ideas around how to structure finance around those ideas.

There were a few moments inside of NAB which was the moments when I knew that
that would be my whole career. One of them was working with a really great
pioneering Australian company called Agri Digital. The head of trade finance
wrote a paper on how to fund agri digital, and I had been inspired by the CEO
Emma Western, and we’ve since become friends. Through the conversations I’d
had with her, I read this trade finance paper and I said to the head of trade
working capital, “I’m not really sure why you would fund agri digital this
way, because they tokenized the agricultural commodity. Wouldn’t we do it this
way? Please don’t get me fired.” He said, “I won’t get you fired. I really
love the idea.”

Then about six weeks later I was walking home from work, and I just had this
moment in time when I realized that that funding algorithm could sit against
any tokenized asset. In my head I’d called it a digital security because it’s
the funding algorithm that collateralize the asset, what we know a little bit
today as DeFi. On the way home that day, I suddenly realized that I couldn’t
think of any financial instrument or any commodity or anything that I couldn’t
actually tokenize. From that moment, I have spent 24/7 working on financial
models and use cases to bring this technology to life.

[00:03:56] **Seamus:** That’s a great journey. Definitely inspiring.

[00:03:59] **Lisa:** I missed out some of the tears, but.

[00:04:03] **Seamus:** Why don’t you tell us a bit then, what is the DigitalX
and its work? How should we classify it? Is it a native company, are you a
FinTech?

[00:04:11] **Lisa:** Absolutely. We are listed on the ASX. DigitalX is a
company that truly inspired me when I learned about it. I couldn’t believe I
hadn’t heard of it. We are one of the first companies in the world that are
listed to mine Blockchain. We don’t mine blockchain anymore, that’s back in
the day. We’re still one of the only, I think maybe the only Australian listed
company to have Bitcoin on our balance sheet. DigitalX creates Web3 financial
products and invests in Web3. We have a number of funds, we’re about to launch
a new fund in my passion of asset reference tokens, or real world asset tokens
as they’re probably more commonly known at the moment.

In the crypto funds, we invest in the thematic of crypto Web3 infrastructure
rails and all of the associated themes. There’s a lot of AI in there, a lot of
data plays, some really geeky things called ZedK rollups, which are the
ability to keep data offline and then validate it on chain without giving away
any of the data.

In the Bitcoin fund that we have, it’s really an access product for people who
don’t have confidence to have their own wallets. We do all of the lifting for
them. It’s really just to buy and hold of Bitcoin for people who want to own
Bitcoin but really don’t want to have to worry about the wallets. We put the
Bitcoin in cold storage; we have all the right insurances, we use an insured
custodian. That’s an access product.

The new product we’ll be launching is an access product for investing in that
algorithm that I spoke about, that sits around this funding efficiency for
tokenizing assets. It’s a really efficient way of creating a shapeshift in the
risk of investing in real world assets, by collateralizing the asset. That
fund will invest in a diversified portfolio, effectively a mirror of real
world assets that we tokenize and fund. I won’t get super geeky on that, but
that’s a really exciting innovation, and we’re all very excited to launch that
on the 30th of June.

[00:06:11] **Seamus:** That is exciting. What market segments are you serving?
What type of investors and what are their objectives and needs when you go to
market?

[00:06:19] **Lisa:** Right now we’re a wholesale investor. I think it’s pretty
public that there’s a lot of tension in the market around regulation and you
know how the industry regulates itself. In investment management business that
we’re talking about today, we run off a wholesale license, so we run wholesale
funds. That’s really until we have solid guardrails around the retail
investment landscape. Traditionally that’s how different types of thematic
funds have scaled over the years; is to start in wholesale and then move into
retail. There’s more of a track record and more of an ability to get guidance
on the regulation on how to run a retail fund with these thematics.

[00:07:08] **Seamus:** Can I step back for a second? You mentioned this new
fund around this funding algorithm. Can you touch a bit about what the USPS of
that are? Can you describe that at least high level?

[00:07:18] **Lisa:** Yeah, we nickname it ‘the playlist’. Basically we do use
digital twins, however the real USP is the ability to ingest the data that
forms the investment criteria. That allows us in an unlisted investment world
to analyse that data much faster and use our unique algorithms to make
portfolio selections. Within the IP that we create, we create what we call
digital securities, which is the funding around the tokenized asset, and that
allows for a different risk reward profile. Yes, there are risks around smart
contracts and tokens, but there is this inherent shift in risk when you’re
collateralizing an asset and funding over that collateralized asset. Really
what we are is a validation firm. We validate that that asset exists, we
validate that the payments from that asset are real, that they are made, then
we fund around that different level of risk on a very high level.

[00:08:19] **Seamus:** Thank you, very interesting. The space is obviously
pretty hot from the buy side, and we’ve heard announcements from BlackRock,
Fidelity, and others announcing their move in digital asset space. How do you
view that move, and will you remain differentiated in this space?

[00:08:37] **Lisa:** I’m really excited that they’re coming into the market.
One of the things our fund can do is be a fund of funds, so we could work with
other companies that are creating any type of digital asset. I see it as a
super efficient channel, as well as a super efficient way of investing. I
think we’ve got a long way to go before we truly are mainstream.

The fact that people like Fidelity, Templeton and BlackRock are joining the
market is very encouraging to me. When I was inside of National Australia Bank
there was already a big institutional take up in the work that’s been done in
the space. Companies like DigitalX, we’re here to offer those investments in
an accessible way to the people that we see as our market, which will be very
different to the spaces that the Fidelitys Templetons and BlackRocks of the
world play into.

[00:09:29] **Seamus:** Okay, good. You were driving a lot of innovation
projects, as you mentioned, at NAB and other Australian banks. Were any of
those blockchain digital asset related, crypto related?

[00:09:40] **Lisa:** Oh yeah. That was all I basically did, including the
sustainability. I co-created with the Reserve Bank of Australia Consensus,
Commonwealth Bank Perpetual, and also Project Atom, which was the first pilot
of the Central Bank digital currency. I also was part of a project called
Project Carbon, which was a carbon tokenization platform, which is now called
Carbon Place. We worked on a big range of innovations from stablecoin to
syndicated loans, which was the underlying of Project Atom.

This Project Atom was called Project Atom because if you settle an asset and
the funding leg at the same time, we call that atomic settlement. That is the
heart of what DigitalX will be doing, which is this atomic settlement,
removing the risks in a settlement leg, but then also demystifying and giving
more transparency around the financial structure of deals and the cash flows
that are associated with them.

[00:10:47] **Seamus:** Are banks ready for atomic settlements?

[00:10:50] **Lisa:** Everybody’s experimenting and atomic settlement is
happening in DeFi all day, every day, 24/7. It’s quite exciting when you watch
what is happening in DeFi. We really are standing on the shoulders of giants,
and it is quite awful to watch the SEC try and unpack and unravel some of the
initiatives in the industry, because the innovation is just so amazing. Our
banks as agile as that, no way. However, they are taking this seriously.

There’s so many parts to the journey in so many moments of realizations, but
one of them, I wrote a paper for National Australia Bank around digital
securities, which my definition of that is the funding algorithm that
collateralize the digital asset or the token, when I did some research,
because in a bank you get really pressed to where’s the background, what
problem are you solving, what’s the burning platform? My boss used to say,
what’s the burning platform? I’ll back you if you can tell me the burning
platform. What it comes down to, I started doing the research and 86% of all
exchanges around the world were already experimenting in this space. I know
that we’ve had a bit of a bumpy ride in Australia with chess and that project,
but there’s still exchanges like Deutsche Borse and Nasdaq who are really
leading in this industry.

That was the clincher for me because what we’re creating and what we’re doing
at DigitalX – and I don’t really know the specifics around what BlackRock will
do – but this is the blurring of the lines between public and private markets.
That’s why exchanges are taking it seriously.

Citigroup goes far as to call it a revolution in portfolio construction. I
don’t what they’re doing specifically, but they’re also writing some great
research reports about this space, and I wouldn’t be surprised if they did
something big in the future.

[00:12:51] **Seamus:** It’s an exciting story. The banks should play a big
role in this future, and you described writing research papers there. But
given your experience there, what do you see as the big challenges for banks
to productize and commercialize solutions in this space?

[00:13:05] **Lisa:** Innovating inside large organizations sounds like the
dream job, but my hackles almost rise these days when you say the word
innovation, because it’s not easy. You have to have a lot of resilience, you
have to navigate large organizations. What we’re seeing right now is you have
pockets of really passionate people inside these large organizations, who I
absolutely respect. Probably all of us over the years have become friends.
We’ve got a few little chats going on around the world.

Those people sometimes are called entrepreneurs, because you have to engage
all the different levels internally. If I would create an analogy, it would be
like a really nasty video game, because you get all the way up to one level
and then you have to go all the way back down because you forgot to check a
box with one person. For good reason, because the risks associated are very
real and it has to be done properly.

Banks and financial institutions, I can joke about video games, but they’re
regulated and they take risks seriously. As financial people, I often don’t
present that way, but I’m a career portfolio manager, career trader. Risk is
the first thing I look at in any transaction, and it’s absolutely the most
important thing. I don’t think it’s our job to criticize how hard it is to
innovate inside a financial institution. I think it’s our job to be grateful
that this due diligence is happening, so that when things like the NAB
stablecoin, the ANZ stablecoin, BNY Mellon moving into the wallet space,
Standard Chartered moving into the wallet space – Carbon Place is 10 global
banks all working together, that was like a miracle – when we start to see
these projects come through, especially this SWIFT project that was announced
yesterday and the evolution of that, you know that everything has been through
the absolute ringer and you know that you can trust those systems.

That’s one of the things I’m most passionate about. I believe that trust is
the currency of the future, and to make that real we absolutely have to be
trustworthy. We have to create that trust and we need to create systems that
are transparent, so people can actually do their own due diligence and make up
their own minds about what they wanna trust and not trust.

The irony is that people would call blockchain trustless. I’ll just leave that
one to everybody else. But I do believe that trust is the currency of the
future, and that’s what all us financial institutions are building, standing
on the shoulders of some very tall giants of some really great technologies.

[00:15:43] **Seamus:** You’ve nailed one of our key themes where we see
there’s been so much innovation in the space. We have had a crisis of trust in
the last year, year and a half, which happens in any industry where there’s
big bubbles. But now there’s definitely a role to bring that trust, bring that
regulated framework so people can engage here safely, with confidence.

[00:16:03] **Lisa:** I half joke around and I half don’t when I say that when
there’s money involved, if you put three people in a room, you’ll have one
person who’s really honest so they can’t see anything coming, you get one
person who wants to rip everybody else off, and you’ll get another person who
wants to leverage everything and then over-leverage it, and if they can get
away with that, they’ll leverage it some more. That’s been the history of
finance.

That’s what we’ve got here, is some remarkable technology, some really bright
technologists, finance people, and then you always have that third element.
Our industry needs to build safeguards. Regulation is really important.
Because the more regulation, they’ll move on to the next thing, then we can
get on with building the financial rails of the future.

A lot of what’s happened isn’t great. But someone said to me, and it was
really interesting, the story I will tell is a commissioner from the CFTC
spoke at Consensus 2023, and she said something very important. She said,
“Everything is regulated because everything is a commodity. Any crypto and
every crypto is a commodity. Don’t think you’re not regulated. You absolutely
are regulated. The SEC then gets to decide what commodity is a security. Work
out what the Howie test means for you and how they may interpret it, but
you’re still regulated by us.”

Guess what? Co-mingling of assets. She just laughed and said, “You just don’t
do it.” She shook her head and looked at the floor, “Just don’t do it. It’s
just not done in finance. It doesn’t protect investors. It’s just the 101
escrow accounts for clients.”

Then fraud is fraud, and if you commit fraud you go to jail, and fraud is a
crime. Fraud is not unique to crypto. Fraud is something that has been going
on since the first person could write on paper.

[00:18:03] **Seamus:** It’s a nice way to put it, I 100% agree. I spent the
week in Sydney here, we’ve met a lot of the banks, and there’s a lot of
exciting projects. But I would say there’s also a lot of wide range of
different projects. The banks are innovating on their own, how do you bring
the banks together to innovate together? Because in the end, blockchain is a
team sport. What do you think the first use cases the industry can come
together on are?

[00:18:29] **Lisa:** Well, I’d use Carbon Place as a great example. I’d use
the SWIFT project yesterday. I think JP Morgan have Iron, their collaboration.

But with Australian banks, if that’s what you’re specifically referring to,
Carbon Place was successful because we had a global Strategic Innovation
Alliance that was championed by the CEO. In my career, that was the first time
I ever had a CEO endorsed project, by the way, because you have that backing
and you have the support internally.

But the difficulty in Australia, and I can tell this story cause I’m no longer
in banking, but we do try to collaborate more, Project Atom was ComBank and
National Australia Bank, and ComBank was so easy to work with, they’re
amazing. But then you get this dangerous ground that people have a different
perception of what you’re doing working together, and it has to be absolutely
all above board and documented. There’s antitrust considerations.

I was on a project that was to be a market collaboration, maybe or maybe not
on a stablecoin, I’m not sure what I can and can’t say with NDAs and things
like that. Let’s just take it as a hypothetical. When the lawyers read the
disclaimer of the antitrust, they said if you mess up you can go to jail, and
I said as a joke to everybody, “Are you prepared to go to jail for your
career?” We all decided that we didn’t want to go to jail, but we’re prepared
to take a bit of a chance to build something for Australia., i.e. a stable
crime we all worked on. But it just becomes really time consuming and
expensive, because you have to lawyer up with so many different layers of
legal advice that it’s very difficult to collaborate.

I think that probably ASIC needs to play more of a role, and they do with the
sandboxes and that’s wonderful. What I really think, and what I love, is ASIC
is working in with the digital finance CRC. That is where I think all of us
financial institutions will meet in the middle and collaborate together. I’m
very honoured to be on the commercialization board for the DFCRC. Last Friday
they had a showcase. That was wonderful, because everybody is collaborating.
The Reserve Bank of Australia is sitting at the centre, ASIC is watching,
Treasury is watching, everybody’s involved. The projects that were showcased,
we did a little test with Canvas, which was amazing, on the EAUD. But all of
the banks had great projects. If we can have the EAUD as a centrepiece, right
now that’s really wonderful.

I think it’s okay to say because it’s my opinion, but ANZ had the best
project, and I probably can’t say what it was. They had a number of projects.
What it involved was engaging nearly each and every Australian, because their
access point was something that was of service to Australian consumers,
because it’s something that we all have, which I don’t want to go into their
project. But then the possibility of that of wouldn’t even need to be ANZ,
everybody could work together around the RBA of everybody having a wallet.
That’s a game changer because we all need to be Web3 savvy. These are, without
a doubt, the financial rails of the future. We need to build them. We are
building them. One way or the other will all end up working together. I think
that initiatives like the CRC will really hold us in good stead for the
future.

[00:21:54] **Seamus:** That’s a great picture you’re painting. Given your
global perspective, comments specifically on Australia, where’s Australia
relative to other jurisdictions in terms of the engagement with regulators and
the rules of the road?

[00:22:07] **Lisa:** I think there’s the chain analysis survey that put
Australia outside of the top 20, and I’m sure we’re just inside of the top 40
globally of volumes in crypto and building of these Web3 financial rails. I
guess I’m in a blind spot because I’m working where all the activity is
happening.

It has always been a big challenge being in finance in Australia, because we
are far away and tend to only see the world through our own lens. That’s why I
do travel a little bit, because we’re a very proud Australian company running
a global business.

America’s got its issues, but in the Middle East in particular with the VARA
legislation and regulation, what’s happening in Europe with Mika, Hong Kong is
starting to emerge, when I was at Consensus, Tokyo said they wanted to be the
Asia Pacific hub. I’m really positive that that will filter into Australia.

I’m on also on the board of Blockchain Australia, and we play a very big role
in making sure that Australia is communicating with the rest of the world and
understanding. But what I will say is in my Citigroup days, we often innovated
the financial products for Australia because we can be a microcosm of the
broader financial markets.

It’s very hard for us to be in the top 10 because we’re not even in the top 10
for the Miscue World Index last time I checked. I could be wrong on that,
apologies if I am. It’s been a while since I was an equities trader. But the
thing is that we can innovate down here, and we are a great microcosm to test
and iterate and create proof of concepts and minimal viable products, and
really then take what we create here out to the world. I guess that’s
DigitalX’s aspiration, to just stick to one and really do what we’re doing
really well, to build it in Australia and then take it out into the world.

[00:24:09] **Seamus:** Thanks. That’s a very good explanation. We mentioned
earlier there’s been some malfeasance that Fem was talking about the CFTC when
you’re in consensus. That’s tainted the industry to a degree. How does
DigitalX differentiate itself, separate itself from this? We talked about
trust, how do you build trust with your clients and ecosystem with this
backdrop of the last year and a half?

[00:24:34] **Lisa:** It’s really about doing the work for us. Inside of our
funds business, we do intense due diligence. We are research first, we are
risk first. We build models. We analyse each and every holding that we have.
The way I would describe our team is a safe pair of hands, where we don’t
invest in anything unless we’ve done the due diligence. That is the only way
to differentiate ourselves. We just don’t make blankets sweeping investments.
We’re risk first, and we analyse the risk.

We have a process we call the Universal Scoring Matrix, where we take all
traditional finance risk metrics, adapt them for crypto. Not all crypto is
created equal. Even our real-world assets we use the same process across an
entire Universal Scoring Matrix. Nothing gets in any portfolio unless it
passes all our risk reward requirements. We have what are called red flags,
which are certain hot button issues or things that happen that we will not
touch with a 10-foot pole, which has served us quite well.

I don’t want to play that down and I don’t want to tarnish other people, but
we didn’t own Luna, we didn’t own FTX, because we red flagged them. That’s
really important. I’ll go back to co-mingling of assets is just a red flag no
matter what. Whether it’s an equity, a real-world asset token or a crypto or a
whatever exchange, no co-mingling, don’t do it.

[00:26:15] **Seamus:** Absolutely. What we’ve heard in the last while is even
some of the largest funds in the market that did no due diligence got caught
up in the hype. It’s good to hear you’ve got a solid grounding in how you
approach the market. Any broad industry developments that excite you that are
going on right now, either Australia or globally, we should be looking at?

[00:26:33] **Lisa:** I think I’m a bit of a geek. The highlights at the moment
are all around regulation. Last night I got a very lovely email on a draft of
some payments regulations, that there’ll be submissions and there’ll be a
consultation period. But I thought that regulation was really positive in
terms of stablecoins. I think Australia needs some stablecoin because that’s
the backbone of facilitating the flow.

I found what I’ve read to be really positive, really robust, double oversight
from APP and ASIC, which is what we need. AFSL license is attached, which is
what we want. If we can see more of that, I think that’ll be really positive
if we can see more of it globally.

I want to be a little bit contrarian on the US moves, because it’s perceived
as being very negative for our industry. However, I do think in the long term
and the long run, that finding a middle ground in the US and nurturing that
industry and understanding what a security is and getting that certainty, we
going through the pain now, but I think the pain will result in gain. There’s
just this little other contrarian part of me that thinks, the world went on a
few really big things like renewable energy without the US getting on board
early. China was the early adopter of renewable energy. We had to fight in
Australia, look at some of the early work of the Clean Energy Finance
Corporation, and all of that work. There’s a little part of me that thinks,
maybe it’ll just make the rest of the world fight harder. I’m encouraged by
that. I might be a little bit more worried if China hadn’t shifted over the
last couple of weeks. I think the Hong Kong and China movement, if I had to
pick a top three, that would be it for this week.

But again, I put on my LinkedIn last night, that SWIT announcement was hailed
as the most in innovative thing in Web3 so far. I would absolutely agree that
that might be an understatement in the future, because that’s huge.

[00:28:53] **Seamus:** Definitely something to watch, that is a big player
finally embracing the space, right?

[00:28:57] **Lisa:** It’s mind-blowing.

[00:29:01] **Seamus:** You had an interesting comment before, that the small
size of Australia enables you to innovate and experiment for the broader
global financial system. The financial system here has actually been pretty
innovative, with banks moving to cloud, bank legislation is quite advanced,
challenger bank ecosystems et cetera allowed to develop. Will Australia punch
above its weight in the digital asset economy? Can it be a leader in this
space as well?

[00:29:28] **Lisa:** I absolutely, wholeheartedly believe we can be a leader.
I think there’s lots of great innovation happening. We really need to get in
front of sentiment and create our own narrative and write our own stories.
We’ve got a very great venture capital ecosystem in Australia. We’ve got great
minds, we’ve got really good collaboration.

I do believe that we can, I wouldn’t even say punch above our weight, I’d just
say lead and show the world how innovative we are and prove this
intersectionality. Everyone likes to talk about AI, but crypto space has been
using that for a long time as well. What we’re building is innovative.

From my point of view, Citigroup in 2018 hit the nail on the head. The Web3
financial rails create a financial revolution at the investment management
level. In Australia we have such a large superannuation industry that we
really do have a lot of ways that we can support that financial revolution and
lead it.

[00:30:36] **Seamus:** That’s a great summary. Lisa, we’re coming up on time.
I really appreciate you being here. Where can people see you or meet with you
next?

[00:30:44] **Lisa:** Well, I’m always on LinkedIn, hanging around on the
internet. I’ll be waiting for the Web3 version of that to emerge. We’re based
in 50 Bridge Street. But I’ll be at blockchain week, I’m hosting a panel in
Sydney on the Monday and Melbourne on the Friday. Just hit me up and I’ll be
around. I always love having coffees with people and meeting people in the
industry. Thank you very much for having me on.

[00:31:08] **Seamus:** Lisa, it’s been absolute pleasure. Thanks for being a
guest in the show and for sharing your insights, particularly our first in
Australia. Thanks for joining us.

[00:31:17] **Lisa:** Well, that is a great honour. Thank you very much.

[00:31:19] **Seamus:** A great milestone for us as well.

[00:31:21] **Lisa:** And you called us down under, what more can we ask for?

[00:31:25] **Seamus:** Thanks again. Everybody that joined, thanks for
joining. We’ll announce when the recording’s available, as usual through the
usual channel, through our website and through your favourite podcast channels
in the meantime, Thanks for joining. Please follow us on LinkedIn and Twitter
and I’ll see you next time. Thanks again.

[00:31:32] **Lisa:** Thanks very much.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** other Talks

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

