[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Trade](/trade)[Rewards](/rewards)[Learn](/learn)[News](/news)[About](/about)

[Sign In](/signin)

Open main menu

Trade Faster âš¡ Safer ðŸ”’ Smarter ðŸ§  Different ðŸ§Š Faster âš¡ Safer ðŸ”’

[Get Started](/trade)

All Assets

Runes

Market| Price| 24h Chg| 48h History| 24h Turn(USDC)| Market Cap|  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
BTCBitcoinBTC| 68,403.20| -0.23%| | 3.02M| 1,294.710B| [Buy](/trade/BTCUSDC)  
ETHEthereumETH| 3,897.64| -0.96%| | 92.24K| 398.702B| [Buy](/trade/ETHUSDC)  
SOLSolanaSOL| 170.24| 1.69%| | 5.06M| 83.737B| [Buy](/trade/SOLUSDC)  
DOGEDogecoinDOGE| 0.15855| -7.55%| | 20.79K| 25.810B| [Buy](/trade/DOGEUSDC)  
LTCLitecoinLTC| 83.19| -1.76%| | 1.23K| 7.358B| [Buy](/trade/LTCUSDC)  
WIFdogwifhatWIF| 3.4500| 5.37%| | 293.38| 3.936B| [Buy](/trade/WIFUSDC)  
TAOBittensorTAO| 442.91| | | | 3.789B| [Buy](/trade/TAOUSDC)  
RENDERRender TokenRENDER| 9.655| -3.45%| | 26.67K| 3.628B| [Buy](/trade/RENDERUSDC)  
JitoSOLJito Staked SOLJitoSOL| 189.40| | | | 1.778B| [Buy](/trade/JitoSOLUSDC)  
BONKBonkBONK| 0.0â‚„4112| 8.21%| | 9.23K| 1.527B| [Buy](/trade/BONKUSDC)  
  
1

2

3

...

6

New Listings

Bundles

STASH

Stash InuSTASH

[Buy](/trade/STASHUSDC)

DRIFT

Drift ProtocolDRIFT

[Buy](/trade/DRIFTUSDC)

CHONKY

CHONKYCHONKY

[Buy](/trade/CHONKYUSDC)

[Buy all 3 as Bundle](/bundle/custom?ids=STASH,DRIFT,CHONKY)

Inspiring Confidence In Crypto

One trade, one user, one innovation at a time.

Pioneering The Future.

Best of both worlds

Harmonizing the precision of off-chain matching with the transparency of on-
chain settlement, Cube delivers a trading experience that's both fluid and
trustworthy. Experience the revolutionary fusion of the best from traditional
finance and blockchain.

[]()

Tamper-proof, by design

Cube ensures paramount security for your data and assets. Our multi-party-
compute setup shields your funds, making every user action verifiable and
secure. Our Guardians stand as stalwart protectors, ensuring every transaction
echoes your intent.

[]()

Real-time visibility

Cube's open and auditable reserve system allows you to verify your assets on-
chain for guaranteed peace of mind. Forget the days of uncertainty and embrace
the future where transparency is the standard.

[]()

Blazing fast interactions

Cube is built for speed with snappy interactions and CPU-optimized rendering.
Your orders are executed in a flash, setting a new standard for digital asset
exchanges.

[]()

Boundless interoperability

Enjoy the luxury of trading assets across an array of blockchains, with
seamless cross-chain conversions. Cube redefines user experience with a
universe of trading possibilities at your fingertips.

[]()

Advanced trading interface

Cube's trading interface offers a holistic trading experience that combines an
intuitive user-friendly design, powerful tools, and extensive customization
options tailored to your needs.

[]()

YOUR CRYPTO. YOUR TRADES.

Buy, sell, and trade your favorite digital assets

Navigate the digital asset space with finesse. You craft the strategy, Cube
provides the tools.

[]()[]()

## Ready To Trade?

[Join Cube](/trade)

[Cube](/ "Cube | The World's Fastest Crypto Exchange")

[Company](/company)[Legal](/legal)[FAQ's](/faqs)[Fees](/fees)[News](/news)[Press](/press)[Careers](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch/jobs)[Privacy](/legal/privacy-
policy)

[](https://www.twitter.com/cubexch)[](https://www.instagram.com/cubexch/)[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/cubexch)[](https://www.youtube.com/@cubexch)

Â© 2024 Cube Exchange Australia Pty Ltd, All rights reserved.

