[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

# Ethereum wallet

## The right cryptocurrency wallet for your Ethereum

Looking for a Ethereum Wallet to buy and store your Ethereum? Join 6+ million
customers who trust Ledger hardware wallets to securely store their crypto and
use them on the day-to-day basis.

  * __ Mobile & Desktop App
  * __ Secured by Hardware Wallet

Secure your Ethereum

__________ Trusted by over 6 million customers

![Ethereum wallet](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/ETH-Wallet.webp)

Ledger Secured Solution

###  How to secure your Ethereum ?

Whether you’re looking to keep your crypto safe for long-term or manage them
on a daily basis, **Ledger has the right product for you.**

[Get a Ledger wallet](https://shop.ledger.com)

Ledger hardware wallet

[**Ledger hardware wallet**](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-cryptocurrency-
wallets) stores your private keys and signs transactions offline, making them
resistant to **malicious attacks and threats**. Pair the Ledger crypto wallet
with Ledger Live App to manage your Ethereum on the go.

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iNDAiIGhlaWdodD0iNDAiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+PHBhdGggZD0iTTI4LjM2IDIwLjQ4bDcuMjQtNy4yNEwyOC4zNiA2bC0uOTIuOTIgMi44IDIuNzZjLjkyLjk2IDEuOTIgMS45MiAyLjg4IDIuODhINnYxLjM2aDI3LjE2Yy0xIC45Ni0xLjk2IDEuOTItMi45MiAyLjg4bC0yLjggMi43Ni45Mi45MnpNNC40IDI2Ljc2TDExLjY0IDM0bC45Mi0uOTItMi44LTIuOGMtLjkyLS45Mi0xLjkyLTEuOTItMi44OC0yLjg0SDM0di0xLjM2SDYuODhjLjk2LS45NiAxLjk2LTEuOTIgMi44OC0yLjg4bDIuOC0yLjgtLjkyLS44OC03LjI0IDcuMjR6IiBmaWxsPSIjQjM4MEREIi8+PC9zdmc+)

Ledger Live App

[**Ledger Live App**](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) is a gateway to
manage your assets, checking your real-time balance, tracking transaction
histories, and more.

### How to get a Ethereum wallet?

1

![Get a Ledger Nano](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Get-a-Ledger.webp)

#### Get a Ledger Nano

Select and purchase a Ledger hardware wallet of your choice.

  * Beginner in the crypto world? Get started with Ledger Nano S Plus.
  * Prefer a Bluetooth connection? Try with Ledger Nano X.

[Get Ledger Nano](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)

2

![Download Ledger Live](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Install-Ledger-Live.webp)

#### Download Ledger Live

Download and install the Ledger Live app in a couple of clicks on desktop and
mobile.

Coupled with a Ledger, it makes the most secured wallet for your Ethereum.

Download the app __

[ __Windows app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/win "Windows app") [
__Mac app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/mac "Mac app") [ __Linux
app](https://download.live.ledger.com/latest/linux "Linux app")

[ ![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2019/01/Download_on_the_App_Store_Badge_US-
UK_RGB_blk_092917@2x.png)
](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/) [
![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/01/google-play-
badge@2x.png) ](https://r354.adj.st/?adj_t=t2esmlk&adj_campaign=Ledger_Live/)

3

![Start your Ethereum journey securely](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/11/Add-coins-to-your-portfolio.webp)

#### Start your Ethereum journey securely

Add a Ethereum account with a couple of clicks. Choose among different
providers and easily manage your Ethereum.

And not only Ethereum. With Ledger Live, you can manage thousands of crypto
and a large variety of NFTs.

### Buy, Manage, Stake, and Swap Ethereum at your fingertips

![Manage your Ethereum](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Manage your Ethereum

With Ledger Live coupled with a Ledger, you can:

  * Securely execute transactions by physically validating them with your Ledger Hardware Wallet
  * Manage your Ethereum as well as thousands of other crypto assets
  * Track your portfolio

*Buy, send/receive, swap, stake, and other crypto transaction services are provided by third-parties provider, which availability may vary based on jurisdiction/territory.

![Buy Ethereum](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/buy-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Buy Ethereum

You can easily buy Ethereum with a credit/debit card or bank transfer. Choose
from a range of service providers (Paypal, Ramp, MoonPay, Sardine…) and select
the option that works best for you.

Your Ethereum will land safely in your Ledger Ethereum Wallet.

[Buy Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/buy)

![Stake Ethereum](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Stake-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Stake Ethereum

Put your Ethereum to work and get rewards.

In just a few clicks, you can start staking Ethereum through Ledger Live.
Track your rewards in the Earn section and discover staking opportunities
across chains.

[Stake Ethereum](/staking)

![Swap Ethereum](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Swap-your-crypto-assets.webp)

#### Swap Ethereum

Swapping allows you to explore different crypto assets, protect your Ethereum
from volatility, and diversify your portfolio.

You can easily swap Ethereum through Ledger Live without using fiat
currencies.

[Swap Ethereum](/swap)

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/manage-your-
crypto-assets.webp)

## The best Ethereum hardware wallet

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

![Ledger Nano S Plus](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-s-plus.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano S Plus ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-
plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")

__________4.5/5 - 1 213 Reviews

The perfect crypto wallet to start securely managing your Ethereum.

  * Desktop
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s-plus)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x) Most popular

![Ledger Nano X](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/nano-x.webp)

###  [ Ledger Nano X ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x "Ledger
Nano X")

__________4.5/5 - 11 108 Reviews

Secure and manage your crypto on-the-go with our Bluetooth®-enabled Ethereum
hardware wallet.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x)

[](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

![Ledger Stax](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/09/stax.webp)

###  [ Ledger Stax ](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax "Ledger
Stax")

Coming soon

Our most advanced and customizable Ethereum wallet yet, enjoy a curved E Ink
touchscreen crypto-experience unlike ever before.

  * Desktop & Mobile
  * Bluetooth
  * USB-C
  * Larger screen
  * Crypto & NFT

[Learn more](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-stax)

[Compare our wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-
comparison)

### Choice of 6,000,000+ customers

Bertil A.

___________5/5_

In order to secure cryptocurrencies, Ledger is the perfect tool.

Kevin L.

___________5/5_

Simply a very elegant peace of hardware, with a gorgeous UI in the app.

James P.

___________5/5_

ALL is good, all legal resources bought was as specified and compliant, party
on.

[Read more reviews](https://shop.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-x#reviews
"Read more reviews")

### What is Ethereum?

Ethereum is a decentralized and open-source blockchain network created by
Vitalik Buterin. The network officially went live on 30th July 2015 after
first described in a whitepaper in 2013. The vision of Ethereum is to build a
world computer on which anyone can build decentralized applications, while all
states and data distributed and publicly accessible.

The blockchain hosts specialized programs called smart contracts, which can be
coded to perform specific computational functions. The Ethereum network was
the first of a new generation of programmable blockchains that gave birth to
Decentralized Finance called DeFi. Indeed, Ethereum hosts decentralized apps
(dapps) that include tokens, NFTs, lending protocols, decentralized exchanges,
and much more.

On Ethereum, all transactions and smart contract executions are subject to a
small fee. This fee is known as Gas and it is the technical term for the
amount of computational effort required to execute an operation or a smart
contract. Gas fees are entirely paid by its native cryptocurrency Ether (ETH).
Gas fees depend on the complexity of the operation execution, but also
depending on network demand.

Following are some of the characteristics that make Ethereum unique:  
– Indefinite supply: The supply of Ether (ETH) is indefinite, which means new
tokens are minted as demand for Ethereum grows.  
– Smart contracts: The transactions on the network can be automated with code,
enabling use cases beyond a simple medium of exchange.  
– Token standards: The network introduced ERC-20 token standards that laid the
framework for creating new tokens on the Ethereum network.

[Ethereum price charts](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price/ethereum "Ethereum
price charts")

### Cryptocurrencies similar to Ethereum supported by our hardware wallet

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/01/LYX.png)
LUKSO ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/lukso-token-2) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Bitcoin-
Logo.webp) BRC20 ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/brc20) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/05/Secondary_Symbol.png) Injective
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/injective-protocol) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/ton_symbol.png) Toncoin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/the-open-network) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/bitcoin-cash-circle.png) Bitcoin
Cash ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin-cash) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/bnb-logo.webp) BNB
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binancecoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Bitcoin-Logo.webp) Bitcoin
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/12/Tron-Logo.png) TRON
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tron) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Fantom.png) Fantom
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/fantom)

### Securely manage, buy, swap, and stake 5.500+ coins

[See the full list](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "See the
full list")

[ ![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/eos-eos-
logo.png) EOS ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/eos) [ ![](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/nexo.png) NEXO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/nexo) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/BinaryX-RGB-01_28229.png) BinaryX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/binaryx) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/5ZOu7brX_400x400.jpg) Quant
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/quant-network) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/storj.png) Storj
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/storj) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/waves.png) Waves
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/waves) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/iotex-logo.png) IoTeX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/iotex) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/bnb-icon2_2x.png) BEP20
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bep20) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/0x.png) 0x Protocol
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/0x)

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/crypto-
page/faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__What is an Ethereum wallet?

An Ethereum wallet serves as a digital interface, enabling you to handle your
Ethereum-based assets, conduct transactions, and interact with decentralized
applications (dApps). It is a valuable tool for navigating the Ethereum
blockchain.

Simply put, an Ethereum wallet allows you to manage assets linked to an
Ethereum blockchain address, but the methods vary between different wallets.

__How does an Ethereum wallet work?

In your Ethereum wallet, private keys are generated and stored for multiple
Ethereum accounts, each controlled by a unique key pair. Public keys serve as
account identifiers for receiving funds, while private keys authorize
transaction signing, ensuring control over account funds.

Ethereum wallets safeguard private keys, stored either on devices like laptops
or smartphones or on separate physical devices. Transaction signing requires
the use of the private key, confirming agreement with transaction terms.

Despite these basics, Ethereum wallet functionalities vary. Some wallets
manage private keys internally, and storage methods differ widely.

__What are the different types of Ethereum wallets?

  * **Software Ethereum Wallets**  
Software wallets, as their name implies, function through software
installations on computers or mobile devices. They provide a user-friendly
solution for managing cryptocurrencies, enabling the creation of HD wallets
with multiple accounts for free. In addition to basic storage capabilities,
these wallets often facilitate immediate access to blockchain services,
empowering users to interact directly with smart contracts and decentralized
applications (dApps). Since software wallets are free and easy to download,
software wallets are frequently favored by novices. Nonetheless, it’s
essential to note that these wallets store private keys on the hosting device,
be it a laptop, smartphone, or PC. Given that these devices are internet-
connected, software wallets are susceptible to malware and spyware threats.

    * **Mobile Ethereum Wallets**  
Mobile Ethereum wallets are smartphone and tablet software designed for easy
accessibility with intuitive interfaces. They utilize smartphone cameras for
QR code scanning, making them convenient for everyday crypto transactions.
However, being software-based, they may lack security. Given the
susceptibility of smartphones to malware, it’s advised not to store
significant assets in mobile Ethereum wallets.

    * **Desktop Ethereum Wallets**  
Ethereum desktop wallets, when installed on personal computers, provide a full
range of features accessible on a device you already possess. Similar to
mobile wallets, these desktop versions are freely downloadable. However, they
share the vulnerability of mobile wallets to malware and spyware on the
computer they are hosted on.

    * **Ethereum Wallet Extensions**  
Ethereum browser extension software wallets function like browser apps,
offering convenience but posing risks. Being constantly connected to the
internet, they expose your private keys to potential interception by malicious
actors. Therefore, exercise caution when storing valuable assets in any
software Ethereum wallet, whether it’s a mobile app or browser extension.

  * **Ethereum Paper Wallets**  
Ethereum paper wallets offer offline security by printing private keys on
physical paper, making them immune to online threats like malware. However,
they are susceptible to physical damage or loss due to their fragile nature.
Additionally, paper wallets lack user-friendly interfaces for cryptocurrency
transactions, making them inconvenient for accessing DeFi apps or managing
multiple accounts.

  * **Ethereum Hardware Wallets**  
Ethereum hardware wallets are physical devices that securely store private
keys and conduct transactions offline. They transmit signed transactions to
your internet-connected device, protecting against online threats like
malware. Designed for security, they offer a solution for managing
cryptocurrency holdings, big or small.

__How to choose the best Ethereum wallet?

Choosing the best Ethereum wallet depends on personal needs, considering
factors like security, user-friendliness, supported coins, and extra features
such as dApp or exchange integration. For connecting to apps and smart
contracts, a software wallet is ideal, while a hardware wallet offers added
security for storing multiple assets separately. Ultimately, prioritize the
features most essential to your usage when selecting an Ethereum wallet.

__Are Ethereum wallets free?

Although software and mobile wallets offer convenience and user-friendly
interfaces for storing cryptocurrencies at no cost, they pose inherent online
security risks. Conversely, hardware wallets, though requiring an initial
investment, provide heightened security by storing private keys offline, thus
minimizing the risk of online theft and hacking.

Ledger’s hardware wallets, renowned for their robust security features,
utilize a Secure Element chip akin to those in credit cards and passports,
ensuring the utmost security for digital assets. Despite the upfront cost,
investing in Ledger can offer peace of mind, especially for individuals with
significant cryptocurrency holdings or long-term investment plans.

Ultimately, the decision between free software wallets and paid hardware
options like Ledger should be based on individual needs and the value of the
assets being safeguarded.

__What Is an Ethereum Wallet Address?

An Ethereum wallet address serves as a distinctive identifier utilized for
both receiving and sending Ether (ETH) transactions. Comparable to a bank
account number, it functions within Ethereum’s blockchain ecosystem,
guaranteeing secure and accurate transfers of ETH among users. This digital
address is indispensable for initiating Ether transactions.

When you create a new Ethereum account in your cryptocurrency wallet, a unique
Ethereum address is generated automatically. This address, in hexadecimal
format, serves as a distinct identifier for both receiving and sending
Ethereum transactions. It invariably starts with 0x…

__How to secure Ethereum tokens?

When you first buy cryptocurrency, you’re issued with two keys: public and
private.

  * A public key serves as an address that can be shared with other parties to perform transactions.
  * A private key represents a randomly generated number that signs transactions and protects your assets from malicious attacks. If it gets compromised or lost, you won’t be able to access your cryptocurrency wallet to spend, withdraw, or transfer your coins.

To safeguard and keep track of your keys, you can use online or offline
wallets. Online wallets, also known as hot wallets, store private keys on
systems or devices that are connected to the internet. Hot wallets are easy
and convenient to use, however, they come with several drawbacks. Besides
being susceptible to attacks and a honeypot for hackers, with hot wallets, the
custody of private keys is often entrusted to a third party such as a crypto
exchange, which means you never have full control over your funds. The safer
choice are specialized hardware wallets that store private keys offline.
Stealing private keys from a hardware wallet would require physical access to
the wallet and corresponding PIN or the recovery phrase. What’s more, with
hardware wallet, you don’t need to rely on third party custodians.

__Can Ledger Nano wallet protect my Ethereum assets?

Ledger Nano is the industry-leading hardware wallet. With more than five
million customers, Ledger Nano wallets have several layers of security that
protect private keys, and hence your assets:

  * Your private keys are stored on secure element chips.
  * A PIN code and a 24-word recovery phrase are required to access the wallet.
  * Ledger Nano crypto wallets have been built using highly durable materials for protection against physical damage.

With full isolation between private keys and your computer/mobile, Ledger Nano
crypto wallets keep your keys secure and give you complete control over your
coins.

__How to send ETH to another Ethereum wallet?

To send Ether (ETH) effectively and securely, follow these steps:

  1. **Obtain and Input the Recipient’s Ethereum Wallet Address**  
Ask the recipient for their Ethereum wallet address, starting with ‘0x’. Enter
the address accurately into the provided field, as Ethereum transactions are
irreversible.

  2. **Specify Amount of Ether (ETH) to Transfer**  
Determine the amount of Ether (ETH) to send and enter it into your wallet’s
transaction field. Ensure you have enough ETH in your wallet for both the
transfer and the transaction fee (gas fee).

  3. **Confirm and Send Your Ether (ETH)**  
Review all transaction details, including the recipient’s address and ETH
amount. Note the gas fee, adjusted based on network conditions. Confirm the
details are correct before initiating the transaction. Track its progress
using a block explorer like Etherscan by entering your transaction ID (TXID)
for confirmation on the Ethereum network.

Remember, Ethereum transactions are irreversible, so precision in each step is
crucial to avoid mistakes.

__How to receive ETH in your Ethereum wallet?

To receive Ethereum (ETH), follow these steps:

  1. **Set Up Your Ethereum Wallet**  
Choose a wallet tailored to your preferences—consider options like Ledger or
Trezor for heightened security, or user-friendly alternatives like MetaMask or
MyEtherWallet.

  2. **Locate Your Ethereum Address**  
Once your Ethereum wallet is set up, find your Ethereum address, a string of
characters starting with ‘0x’. This public address is essential for receiving
ETH.

  3. **Share Your Ethereum Address**  
Provide your Ethereum address to the sender accurately, as blockchain
transactions are irreversible.

  4. **Await Ethereum blockchain Confirmation**  
Once the transaction is initiated, it will be processed on the Ethereum
blockchain. Use a block explorer like Etherscan to track its progress.

  5. **Check Your Ethereum Wallet**  
The ETH will appear in your Ethereyl wallet upon confirmation, though
transaction times may vary based on Ethereum network congestion.

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=09652d85-ae9b-4fc9-a1ca-
bce46701e446&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ce59f5fc-e65f-4dc8-b53b-076033e2aea7&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fethereum&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=09652d85-ae9b-4fc9-a1ca-
bce46701e446&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ce59f5fc-e65f-4dc8-b53b-076033e2aea7&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fethereum&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=b037ca4b-92dd-465a-8c71-cafe6d500ee0&sid=f8f228001cfd11ef9031ad39fdf2332a&vid=f8f214301cfd11efaffe174ff0d304ab&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ethereum%20Wallet%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fethereum&r=&lt=2582&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=301787)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A24%3A20%20GMT&n=0&b=Ethereum%20Wallet%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fcoin%2Fwallet%2Fethereum&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

