[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs") __
  * ... __
  * What are Bitcoin Ordinals? Digital Artifacts: Explained

# What are Bitcoin Ordinals? Digital Artifacts: Explained

By **Linda Orenes-Lerma**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Mar 17, 2023 | **Updated Apr 23, 2024**

__Read 6 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Ordinals%3F%20Digital%20Artifacts%3A%20Explained&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-ordinals
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals&title=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Ordinals%3F%20Digital%20Artifacts%3A%20Explained
"Reddit")

![Computer with text on screen](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/07_NFT_Cover_Purple-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The Ordinals protocol was created to make issuing tokens on the Bitcoin
network much easier.  
  
— Bitcoin Ordinals are similar to NFTs but they have key differences: they
aren’t programmable and they aren’t attached to smart contracts.  
  
— To manage your ordinals effectively, it’s important to understand how the
Bitcoin network and UTXOs work. Here’s why.  
  
If you’ve heard of Bitcoin Ordinals, you might think they sound a lot like
NFTs, and you wouldn’t be the first. While they do have some similarities,
Ordinals don’t use smart contracts. While blockchain apps on most blockchain
networks use smart contracts to implement a wide range of future behaviors,
Ordinals work a little differently.

Like an NFT, they can store data, but they cannot execute actions using smart
contracts. And technically, ordinals aren’t even tokens. So what are they
exactly?

## **What Are Bitcoin Ordinals?**

Bitcoin Ordinals are much like the Bitcoin blockchain’s version of
[NFT](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-nft)s. Like NFTs, their value is
dependent on the information they include. They may contain an image or some
text, or perhaps they are created to act as tokens on the Bitcoin blockchain.

However, Bitcoin ordinals are not exactly NFTs, as they are literal pieces of[
Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-
ordinals%09%20https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-legal-tender) inscribed
with rich data instead. To explain, an ordinal is always worth one Satoshi, a
1/100,000,000th of a Bitcoin (the smallest denomination possible). Being such
a small fraction of a Bitcoin, a Satoshi isn’t worth much, but with an
inscription, it’s a different story.

Think of an artist creating a piece of art on a dollar bill. While the bill
itself is only worth a dollar, the art on it could potentially be priceless.
This is essentially what a Bitcoin ordinal is: a Satoshi with its own unique
value. Like an NFT, a bitcoin ordinal’s true value mainly depends on the
contents of its inscription.

Technically that’s an oversimplification, but first, let’s dive into the
history of Bitcoin Ordinals for some context.

## Bitcoin Ordinals Protocol: The History of Ordinals

While attaching data to Bitcoin has always been possible through technical
loopholes, the amount of data you could attach was limited. In 2021, Bitcoin
underwent an upgrade named [Taproot](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
taproot). The Taproot upgrade brought higher levels of privacy, security, and
scalability to the Bitcoin network. But most importantly, it allowed
transactions to contain up to 4Mbs of data, opening up the possibility to
support images.

Using this capability together with his fascination with the denominations of
Bitcoin, Casey Rodarmor launched the Bitcoin Ordinals protocol in January
2023.  The new Ordinals protocol made it much easier for Bitcoin node
operators to link data with each of these pieces of Bitcoin, thus creating
Ordinals.

In doing so, he opened up a whole new world for Bitcoin users. Ordinals were
an instant hit, with their popularity extending into the present.

Today, innovators are still building on and around the original protocol. For
example, fellow Bitcoin developer Domo used the Ordinals protocol as the base
of his code for a new fungible token protocol:
[BRC-20](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-brc-20-tokens). After BRC-20
tokens became popular with memecoiners, Casey Rodarmor also launched his own
streamlined fungible token protocol named Bitcoin Runes.

While not directly built on the ordinals protocol, the [Bitcoin
Stamps](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/bitcoin-stamps) protocol was
clearly inspired by Rodarmor’s work.

## How do Bitcoin Ordinals Work? Rarity Explained

The Ordinals protocol makes use of something that already existed on the
Bitcoin network: a sequential order of satoshis. To explain, each Satoshi has
an assigned ordinal number between 0 and 2,100,000,000,000,000, based on the
time it was mined. This numbering system means some satoshis are rarer than
others.

To clarify, the Bitcoin network operates on a series of frequent events that
can lead to rare occurrences, thus the sats mined during these significant
periods can be deemed collectible. Sats mined in the first block( by Satoshi
Nakamoto himself ) are just one instance of a rare occurrence.

Since ordinals are inscribed directly on sats, they have an in-built rarity
system. To learn more about other occurrences that create [rare
Sats](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/rare-sats),  make sure you check
out Rodarmor’s documentation[ here](https://docs.ordinals.com/overview.html).

![](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/eafIN5VLgheiCz4edOlWMeAXcdW6bN6h5r9PHnTwh-
Ziq32oI6D6T9wUgyXA3-Vi9DLE72Vcn2nljH_yZ6I2UVF7P1YAG2P4MoHHyBvnpD2nTdI11sgZCMiH7MuYUg-
lIWyIIVN4O-2Z13dOrv-J7Sc)

## **Most Famous Bitcoin Ordinals So Far**

To understand how the Ordinals ecosystem is developing, let’s take a look at a
few of the collections that have emerged so far.

### TwelveFold By Yuga Labs

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/SBoN_LMOByo9CHJjFcCDlEml5VTVFDWUdsodwV-
sWPsTFitMIZ0qsKjUfcWmeRNEcikBek1-aSNNjglC2Jnxrz8JBiChtNjCPqOum86OtHB7EM8To36Cn9ZIVtqpEGUo0a4XCD0SzHc-
edZT-FgmarU)

By far the most famous Bitcoin Ordinal collection so far has to be
‘TwelveFold’ by Yuga Labs. The limited collection features 300 pieces of
generative art, combining both 3D graphics and hand-drawn features.

The idea behind the collection is to “Explore the relationship between time,
mathematics, and the blockchain”, according to the Yuga Labs creative
director.  To explain, 144 blocks of Bitcoin are mined a day, which could also
be interpreted as 12×12. Each piece in the Yuga Labs collection is a 12×12
grid, naming the collection ‘TwelveFold’, referencing that fact.

The auction spanned for 24 hours, starting on March 6th, 2023. Of the
300-strong collection, 288 ordinals were available to bid on – and they were
popular indeed. This single auction racked up a total of 3,246 bids, with the
successful bidders spending between $50,000 to just over $150k for a single
piece.

### Ordinal Punks

![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/kXyYzy-
aoVJ0ahixcYNtOh68lciaj6kP4fd9DpA2hcxO7TDlqdGr4Bc9atY8wKvWP-
sWaxTYUnaugbQFjDoOFs2Y_asO5ICzUslQlyI0SPUzmygzVMC9Azr_PvZ7Z3EWZu0C9lUmRob2ee7cOQ7s5Eg)

[Ordinal Punks ](https://ordinalpunks.com/)are a collection of 100 Bitcoin
Ordinals paying tribute to the popular Ethereum NFT collection
[CryptoPunks](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-cryptopunks-nfts).
Ordinal Punks are using an open-source algorithm to generate the pfp which is
192×192 pixels.  However, it’s important to note that this collection is not
the most easy to buy and sell, as bids and asks are handled on a Google Sheet
by the project’s creator, acting as an escrow manager. All transactions are
monitored and tracked via Discord.

### Taproot Wizards

![](https://lh4.googleusercontent.com/vf5DoV67Yd4_wpxtewh9V1o2MKd_WtT38Pc5UrnkVBrpK1XfMi2V5I4Bepr6SPiJPwwXqpAXQ27LJ6CSWht9A5-p3dgWdd0pz7-k4WW0WrMb6kMl7ksc7Xluvw3_59LVnSF2eSyKl38YCa2JPX92mrU)

[Taproot Wizards](https://www.taprootwizards.com/) is an Ordinal collection
created by independent Web3 developer Udi Wertheimer, and securely stored on
the Bitcoin network. Starting from Inscription 652, each wizard in this
collection is a unique NFT that has been hand-drawn by Udi himself. This
special collection harnesses the immutability of the Bitcoin blockchain to
securely store these one-of-a-kind digital artifacts.

All sales are handled through [Taproot Wizards Discord.
](https://discord.com/invite/taprootwizards)

### Ordinal Loops

![ordinal
loops](https://lh5.googleusercontent.com/hwDQMM7iscXzV3OeMUydxf2OD1k04Cs5rIdWXmOATyMUxnMsGBVjHCwUAJi_nH75XI8NO-
xkszLFSN-T-3KCsv-
X_RKeZNAlXZw0OzxOKRfK6uqHbkWp6kmjv91lxo6BIU5DY6FOgFZbPO8MmNcJz7U)

[Ordinal Loops](https://www.ordinalloops.xyz/) offering comes in the form of
Object 0, an NFT that rotates and has a mathematical torus design. It’s one of
seven similar animations and is part of the first series from the Ordinal
Loops team. The current narrative chapter, “Do Not Fiat,” features Bitcoin
ASCII fighting an army consisting of five main government currencies
endlessly.

### TimeChain Collectibles

![](https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/Vs2ahlFwpkx8NCAHbtUY9ja0GzrABSlkQYSjYDBL93lRPU4HOE0h88Sqx9Day8noO_5wwztMZKd51jhPS1uygCIJuuVld7I5TlAlCMZTCqk04SxvaMzwtBaodHuGKRMBM4aUaFkHBo1japEP7fYbu1E)

[Timechain Collectibles](https://twitter.com/timechainord) presents the Series
1 Timepieces, a highly limited collection of 21 Ordinals. They depict many
different kinds of timepieces, including pocket watches, wristwatches,
cyberpunk alarm clocks, and more. The collection launched on January 30th,
2023 and each piece carries its own consecutive Inscription number from 356 to
377. Inscription 364 sold for an impressive 3.08 BTC/43.59 ETH ($67000) in Jan
2023, showing how desirable these collectibles are! You can find TimeChain
Collectibles auctions via the project’s
[Discord](https://discord.com/invite/7QKWjKCKc6).

### NodeMonkes

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/k5aE4D4JvOTqKLAbsFfhHdikUPBDYtVBMW7moh2UVGg7jfs_h0GKMOx0KyE1DvNS5vdTr_qZ-
pC3UnAYIB5N2h_jutdwTm7iD1_fhpMIMW1i8sHccnjpOFltxuuJu3xr0_05D5LCDbxxXq3SY3h7o7w)

[NodeMonkes](https://nodemonkes.com/) is the first collection of 10k
inscriptions using the ordinals protocol. Featuring pixel art of web3’s
favorite animal, NodeMonkes is currently one of the most popular Ordinals
projects.  Much like traditional 10k NFT collections, this Bitcoin ordinals
project uses a range of traits. Each NodeMonke features a different selection
of the available traits, adding to the built-in rarity system offered by sats.
This sets it apart from other ordinals, which tend to have smaller collections
and less variety in traits.

While it originally launched as a free mint, a single NodeMonke will set you
back 0.7BTC (at the time of writing). Since its launch in November 2023, the
project has been well received, with many buyers believing it’s “up-only” from
here. Only time will tell if that’s accurate, but for now, NodeMonkes is a
project to watch.

## **How to Buy and Sell Bitcoin Ordinals**

Bitcoin Ordinals are innovative assets only created in 2023, thus there isn’t
a huge ecosystem that supports them currently. As such, the first Ordinals
traders relied mainly on over-the-counter trades using new and un-battle-
tested platforms.

### Avoid OTC Trades If You Can

Discord is popular for brokering over-the-counter (OTC) deals, with the
official Ordinals Discord server offering a lot of users their first taste of
the asset class. However, since a lot of these trades can be tricky to
understand, buying Bitcoin Ordinals this way is not recommended. If you decide
to engage in an OTC trade for a Bitcoin ordinal anyway, do so with caution as
you could be walking into a trap.

A much safer way of buying and selling ordinals is using a trusted
marketplace.

### Use Bitcoin Ordinal Marketplaces

Currently, there aren’t a huge number of choices when it comes to Bitcoin
Ordinals marketplaces. However, that’s not to say there aren’t any at all.
Today, there are a few main places to buy ordinals. And as time goes by, more
and more of these platforms support familiar means of connecting your wallet
and buying assets.

#### Generative.xyz

[Generative.xyz](https://generative.xyz/) is a marketplace specifically for
buying and selling Bitcoin Ordinals. It calls itself the “Art Blocks of
Bitcoin Ordinals”, offering a platform primarily for generative art on the
Bitcoin network. As the first marketplace of its kind, it has attracted some
of the biggest artists in web3 today, including Twin Flames artist and
Photographer Justin Aversano.

Generative.xyz also allows you to inscribe and store ordinals in its platform-
specific wallet which is compatible with MetaMask. However, using this
combination of wallets comes with a risk: revealing your private keys via your
internet connection. That’s because software wallets store private keys on
their host device, meaning they are vulnerable to online threats.

#### Magic Eden

Magic Eden, a popular NFT marketplace, has also launched support for Bitcoin
Ordinals. To manage them via Magic Eden, you must set up a wallet specifically
for managing these types of assets. Magic Eden currently supports Xverse,
Leather (Hiro), Unisat, and OKX.  From there, you have access to a trusted
platform with a simple interface. Buying a Bitcoin Ordinal using Magic Eden is
just as simple as buying an NFT.

## Wallets for Bitcoin Ordinals

To manage ordinals, you will need a wallet that supports these types of
assets. Thus you need a [bitcoin
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin).

Although they are Bitcoin assets, you wouldn’t want to mix your main BTC
holdings with your Ordinals. This is due to how the Bitcoin network functions.
Any time you receive BTC, it’s actually in the form of an Unspent Transaction
Output ([UTXO](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/unspent-transaction-
output-utxo)). While the whole explanation is a little more complicated, think
of your UTXOs like unspent change. Each time you spend on the Bitcoin network
you pay with an entire UTXO and receive the rest of your balance “back” via
another UTXO. Accordingly, that’s also where you’ll find the data for Bitcoin
Ordinals; in that pile of unspent change.

Due to this fact, sending Bitcoin from a wallet that holds ordinals will risk
sending your Ordinal instead, thus you’ll need to have separate accounts for
each asset type. The other thing you’ll need to bear in mind is its Taproot
support. To manage ordinals, your wallet must be taproot compatible.

So, with that in mind, let’s take a look at some of the most popular Bitcoin
Ordinals wallets.

### Leather (Hiro) Wallet

[Leather, formerly known as
Hiro](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it), is a software wallet for Bitcoin and alternative
assets like Ordinals, BRC-20 tokens, and Stamps. Like all software wallets,
Leather comes with the risk of revealing your private keys via your internet
connection. Luckily, if you plan to use Leather to manage your ordinals, you
can use it in tandem with your Ledger device to keep your assets safe.

### Phantom Wallet

Phantom wallet is a cross-chain software wallet that also allows you to
secure, manage and interact with bitcoin ordinals. Although it started as a
Solana wallet, it now supports countless networks, including the Bitcoin
network. Managing Ordinals with Phantom is as easy as any other NFT or
alternative asset. It also supports BRC-20 tokens.

And of course, you can [connect a Ledger Bitcoin account to Phantom to
interact with Bitcoin Ordinals securely](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-
safest-way-to-use-phantom-with-ledger-hardware-wallet).

### Sparrow Wallet

Sparrow is a software wallet for Bitcoin, not specifically for Bitcoin
ordinals. That means you will need to change the settings specifically to
unlock this functionality. If you’re a beginner, you may want to avoid this
method and go for something easier. However, you can use sparrow with Ledger
devices to keep your assets safe.

## How To Secure Your Ordinals: Use Your Ledger

Whichever wallet you’re using, you should always generate a new address when
receiving an ordinal. You can label your separate addresses in most wallets
that support them and this will stop you from sending your Ordinal
accidentally.

The other most important piece of advice is: protect your ordinals with a
hardware wallet!

Using any of the mentioned software wallets that support Bitcoin Ordinals
alone will not keep your assets safe. Software wallets cannot keep your keys
away from the internet, meaning they are not very secure. To ensure your
security, connect your Leather, Sparrow, or Phantom wallet to a Ledger device.
That way, you can guarantee your private keys—and thus your assets—are
protected from online threats such as malware or spyware.

To secure your Ordinals using a Ledger device, you will need to follow these
steps

  1. Make sure your device is up to date with the latest firmware
  2. If you haven’t already, install the Bitcoin app on your Ledger device via Ledger Live
  3. Open the app and create a new Bitcoin account, selecting Taproot as its type
  4. Your wallet will create a new Bitcoin Taproot account with a new address
  5. Now your account is ready to receive Ordinals

Once you have this account set up you can actually send Ordinals to it
directly using the Ord wallet. This might get a little technical but if you
understand the risk it entails, follow[ this
tutorial](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/9430682875805?support=true).

A better option is connecting the new account to a wallet that supports
Bitcoin Ordinals. Connecting your ledger device to the software wallet makes
interacting with Bitcoin Ordinals easy and secure.

## **How to Inscribe a Bitcoin Ordinal**

If you’re interested in inscribing your very own ordinal, your first option
will have you[ running a Bitcoin node](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-
one#:~:text=A%20node%20in%20the%20Bitcoin,new%20transactions%20as%20they%20happen.)
and syncing it to the Bitcoin blockchain before you even think about touching
an ordinal. This process can get pretty technical. But the good news is that
there’s a less complicated alternative: using a service instead. Today there
are a few easy ways to inscribe ordinals but some of the most popular
platforms include:

### **Gamma**

[Gamma](https://gamma.io/ordinals) is a no-code tool that allows users to
inscribe an ordinal in minutes; and without having to download or run a fully
synced Bitcoin node. The tool also offers affordable and customizable
transaction fees, a great feature for creators. The platform is easy to
navigate and use, offering a great option for beginners. However, it’s
important to note you will have to pay a service fee on top of the BTC
transaction fee.

### Magic Eden

Magic Eden launched its Bitcoin Ordinals inscription service in April 2023.
From that moment on, any Magic Eden user could easily create Bitcoin Ordinals
directly within the platform. You can inscribe images or files onto sats to
create unique ordinals. Alternatively, you can create fungible BRC-20 tokens
with a fixed supply or even web3 domains. With the marketplace’s previous
experience with NFTs, [Magic Eden’s inscription
tool](https://magiceden.io/ordinals/inscribe) successfully offers plenty of
options paired with an easy-to-use interface.

### Ordinals Bot

[Ordinals bot](https://ordinalsbot.com/) is another no-code tool that allows
you to inscribe all sorts of Ordinals with ease. You can create inscriptions
with images or text. It also offers options for creating BRC-20 tokens

or TAP tokens. You can even easily create Bitcoin domains and .bitmap
districts too. Ordinals bot has a huge selection of options for you and also
offers them via a simple interface.

## **The Future of Bitcoin Ordinals Inscriptions  **

Bitcoin Ordinals gained in popularity quickly, with 100,000 inscriptions in
the protocol’s first four days. Since the Bitcoin network is slower and stores
all information on-chain, Ordinals could stand to become just as important to
web3 as NFTs. Put simply, they are collector’s items on the world’s largest
blockchain. As a result, securing them is just as important as our other
digital assets.

As any enthusiast should know, it’s risky to use software wallets and new and
untested crypto platforms. To ensure your crypto is safe, your only option is
to keep your keys offline and understand transactions before you sign them.
This is where Ledger Devices come in. While the ordinal ecosystem is still
growing, engaging in it comes with risks. If you decide to do so, make sure to
secure your[ private keys](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key)
with a hardware wallet, such as that Ledger offers. Ledger Devices offer
unparalleled security of your digital assets, and when securing digital
artifacts such as Bitcoin Ordinals, it’s imperative to keep your keys safe and
offline.

## Knowledge is Power.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/YT_THUMBNAILS_09-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/even-more-security)

**Linda Orenes-Lerma**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/261763672_10165608271400034_6789545536103895775_n-104x104.jpg)

Content creator and copywriter. Mum to a toddler who is already creating and
collecting NFTs and then storing them on her own Ledger Nano! Ex-teacher still
putting education first and writing about all things crypto because education
is key to making the space safe!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Ordinals%3F%20Digital%20Artifacts%3A%20Explained&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-ordinals
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals&title=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Ordinals%3F%20Digital%20Artifacts%3A%20Explained
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Staking: Your Different Options, and What They Mean
](https://www.ledger.com/?post_type=academy&p=255427 "Staking: Your Different
Options, and What They Mean")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

[How To Send Bitcoin to Another
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-and-
how-does-it-work)

[What Is A Bitcoin Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=f193ba33-0e5e-4a00-ab26-8ba61cccb51c&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=4b70304d-89de-4385-8024-32fd9a57e4ed&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=f193ba33-0e5e-4a00-ab26-8ba61cccb51c&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=4b70304d-89de-4385-8024-32fd9a57e4ed&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=6e6c647f-648c-4edc-a25c-61f63f87871c&sid=dbe1a7801cfc11efaaeafbc05d9b3f6c&vid=dbe1c7301cfc11ef831b6b12dbaa38bc&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20are%20Bitcoin%20Ordinals%3F%20Digital%20Artifacts%3A%20Explained%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
ordinals&r=&lt=2164&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=793358)

