[![wormhole
logo](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2057wAXk6apiGi4vfTeC2u/9e200f5dfebaf6bb113c879243cf4508/wormwhole.svg?w=384&q=100)](/)

Products

Ecosystem

Developers

Platform

Community

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

## Build custom multichain protocols

Developers can grow liquidity and users at scale with an open-source, time-
tested messaging protocol engineered with security, decentralization, and
modularity at its core.

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole/quick-start/cross-chain-
dev)[Get in touch](/contact)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/253MT3CLXScucfiGM1yAxS/d3c113e3f1f4d0b2c624c5162365e285/block.svg?w=1200&q=75)

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/47LP13JTZQhgJ8ma1CE0aW/a4339e8067bb8de826b848ce6e458a9a/gasless.svg?w=128&q=75)

Integrate easily

Integrate token bridging in just 3 lines of code with Connect, or implement
custom cross-chain messaging integrations via the core contracts or the
Wormhole SDK.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/sV9vnadoEGQQdHEtsrufg/f59df52502ce553747620363a4db1f9c/bridge.svg?w=128&q=75)

Accelerate growth

Accelerate the growth of your users and liquidity by connecting to the leading
multi-chain network comprised of 25+ blockchains, thousands of apps, and
billions of dollars in value.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/6HDPkAlU2d8f2fFNJy3BS3/45d0743aa2691982e673c00e76d1b83b/3lines.svg?w=128&q=75)

Build securely

Security is held core to the Messaging protocol. The protocol uses signed
Verified Action Approvals (VAAs) as a core primitive, Guardian nodes run full
nodes for every connected blockchain, and relayers are untrusted in the
mechanism.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/36pfFbPLlPqWDalxFi5B0b/ab1b19516f41cc15544d460b07d5cc50/user.svg?w=128&q=75)

Maintain decentralization

Wormhole is the most decentralized cross-chain messaging protocol, operated by
a decentralized set of 19 validators called Guardians.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1EvpIpH5ZaA1u21vbiPurB/fb52808b04af6361a60dfdc820425d9b/multichain.svg?w=128&q=75)

Future-proof your project

As the decentralized computing ecosystem evolves, Wormhole’s modularity allows
to update its architecture and messaging mechanisms without breaking
integrations.

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/7wtZfmhwIDvyIBSIwfxDHm/8547dcc48620d5d29e81e3d1a42c636b/Scale.svg?w=128&q=75)

Scale with time-tested tools

Operating since early 2021, Wormhole was the first-ever generic messaging
protocol for blockchains and has strengthened and expanded over time.

1

##### Verification

Send messages cross-chain using a variety of verification methods to attest to
the validity of a message. These options are all available to developers in
Wormhole’s platform, depending on the chains involved in a given transaction,
and the verification methods will continue to grow over time to incorporate
new technologies.

Wormhole Guardians

Wormhole Guardians are a core element of the Wormhole Messaging protocol. It’s
a decentralized network of 19 world-class validators that observe the Core
Contract on each supported chain and produce verifiable approvals when those
contracts receive a message from the Wormhole Messaging protocol.

[Learn more](/)

Wormhole IBC

Wormhole XCM

2

##### Relaying

Leverage heterogeneous relaying processes that enable a verified message to be
sent to its intended destination. Relaying can be done in two different ways,
with Automatic Relaying being the easiest path for most teams.

[Read the docs](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole/explore-wormhole/relayer)

Automatic relaying

Quickly and easily leverage the off-chain components of cross-chain messaging
with out-of-the-box cloud infrastructure provided for you.

Specialized relaying

![Synonym](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/3HZdAzV1ndKYipHzJkMYP0/c1fcdb366be3c175cceddbac59221470/Social-
card__-----Synonym-Finance-Blog-Graphic--2-.jpg?w=1920&q=75)

Case Study

#### Synonym

Multichain lending underdeveloped despite DeFi growth. Lack of accessible
cross-chain/asset money markets. Existing solutions inflexible, insecure,
unusable. Synonym building user-friendly multichain lending protocol for new &
current DeFi ecosystems.

Jan 29, 2024

·

2 min read

[Read more](/case-studies/synonym)

Discover other Wormhole products

##### SDK

Build your custom multichain application.

[Learn
more](/products/sdk)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1UpskSY7IlHAT1hd8JeiJj/8926ee2806c3bfb8d8fd3247d6bff641/Queries.webp?w=1080&q=75)

##### Native Token Transfers

Make any token natively multichain.

[Learn more](/products/native-token-
transfers)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/5AC4LQoh6Xvpl6MBb0spy/5a825aa9c53b41d162f23931c30c56c5/Frame_427320722.svg?w=1080&q=75)

##### Messaging

Build your custom multichain protocol.

[Learn
more](/products/messaging)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2xG6hd69OFcNCxC79vHdnO/a029107e645b4bc7169cc2304396b470/Messaging.webp?w=1080&q=75)

##### Queries

Pull any on-chain data on-demand.

[Learn
more](/products/queries)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/1UpskSY7IlHAT1hd8JeiJj/8926ee2806c3bfb8d8fd3247d6bff641/Queries.webp?w=1080&q=75)

![Image](https://images.ctfassets.net/n8aw1cra6v98/2fP8M06oPDd6atrcKaUHOQ/0fcc04374046f970de7dfb7fe86574e5/worm.svg)

#### Future-proof, permissionless tooling to empower multichain builders

[Start Building](https://docs.wormhole.com/)

Subscribe for updates

Subscribe

[![x or twitter](/assets/x.svg)](https://twitter.com/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/discord.svg)](https://discord.gg/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/telegram.svg)](https://t.me/wormholecrypto)[![x or
twitter](/assets/github.svg)](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation/wormhole)[![x or
twitter](/assets/some.svg)](https://docs.wormhole.com/)[![x or
twitter](/assets/youtube.svg)](https://www.youtube.com/@wormholecrypto)

Products

[connect](/products/connect)[SDK](/products/sdk)[native token
transfers](/products/native-token-
transfers)[Queries](/products/queries)[Messaging](/products/messaging)

Ecosystem

[Multichain apps](/ecosystem/multichain-apps)[W
Token](/ecosystem/w-token)[Ecosystem Programs](/ecosystem/ecosystem-
programs)[Case Studies](/case-studies)

Developers

[Documentation](https://docs.wormhole.com/wormhole)[Github](https://github.com/wormhole-
foundation)[Bug Bounties](https://immunefi.com/bug-
bounty/wormhole/)[Wormholescan](https://wormholescan.io/)

Platform

[Blockchains](/platform/blockchains)[Security](/platform/security)[Gateway](/platform/gateway)

Community

[Hub](/community/hub)[Blog](/blog)[Brand and Press](/brand-and-press)

2024 Ⓒ Wormhole. All Rights Reserved.

[Terms of use](/pages/terms-of-use)[Privacy Policy](/pages/data-protection-
and-privacy-policy)

