[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * What Are Ethereum Layer 2 Blockchains and How Do They…

# What Are Ethereum Layer 2 Blockchains and How Do They Work?

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Jan 5, 2024 | **Updated Jan 25, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20Ethereum%20Layer%202%20Blockchains%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-
work&title=What%20Are%20Ethereum%20Layer%202%20Blockchains%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

![Blockchain on an orange background](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/02_Blockchain_Cover_Orange-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— As the pioneering smart contract chain, Ethereum has become the second-
largest blockchain network.  
  
— Due to the network’s prioritization of decentralization and security over
scalability, its increased popularity has led to major network congestion.  
  
— Ethereum Layer 2 solutions are blockchains built with one primary purpose:
to provide a faster, cheaper route to executing Ethereum transactions.  
  
Ethereum’s ecosystem has grown significantly in the last decade — with a surge
of decentralized applications (dApps), decentralized finance (DeFi) protocols,
and NFTs. While this activity brings us closer to the ultimate goal of Web3
mass adoption, the question remains: is the underlying technology equipped to
handle it all?

In Ethereum’s case, this growth has brought key scalability issues to the
forefront; namely, high transaction fees (gas fees), network congestion, and
slow transaction times during periods of high network activity. While core
upgrades like the Merge aim to make transactions faster, Ethereum still needs
a scaling solution built to handle the masses.

Enter Layer 2 solutions: blockchains that increase scalability by sharing the
burden of transaction processing. In this article, you’ll learn about the
different types of Ethereum Layer 2 blockchains, how they help solve the
scalability issue, and which are the most popular ones. Let’s get started.

## **Ethereum Layer 2s Explained**

Built on top of Ethereum, Layer 2 blockchains help speed up transaction
processing while keeping the costs down for the L1 network. They do the heavy
lifting of transactions that Ethereum cannot, simply because it wasn’t
designed to prioritize speed.

### **What is Ethereum?**

[Ethereum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum) is the second most
popular blockchain network by market share, conceptualized by Vitalik Buterin
in 2013, and launched two years later. Ethereum became popular due to its
self-executing [smart
contracts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-
contract).

To explain, smart contracts are essentially computer programs that execute
automatically if certain conditions are met. This competent tech is what paved
the way for dApps, and from there, Ethereum took off. From DeFi protocols to
the NFT mania to the significant growth of Decentralized Autonomous
Organizations (DAOs), the wide-ranging innovations from dApp developers have
indicated a field of endless possibilities when it comes to potential crypto
use cases. The network boasts the highest number of developers. In fact, 16%
of all crypto developers are building on Ethereum.

### **What is a Layer 2 blockchain network?**

A [Layer 2 solution](https://www.ledger.com/academy/layer-2-blockchains-
explained) is a secondary blockchain network, which reduces the load on the
parent chain by handling part of its capabilities.

Think of Ethereum as a boss whose desk is overflowing with paperwork
(validating & executing transactions). A Layer 2 blockchain is an efficient
assistant who takes the bulk of the workload to their desk (L2 network) to
process.

However, the final approval still comes from the boss. So, the assistant sends
the processed paperwork back to the boss, who adds it to the final ledger upon
approval. In other words, when approved, the transactions processed on the L2
network are added to the main Ethereum blockchain.

## **What are Ethereum Layer 2 blockchains for?**

Ethereum developers, like all blockchain developers, faced an age-old
challenge: the blockchain trilemma. The blockchain trilemma, coined by
Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin, states that a blockchain architecture
needs to choose between decentralization, security, and scalability. Ethereum
prioritizes the former two aspects, so scalability inevitably took the
backseat.

However, compromising scalability comes with obvious drawbacks: slow and
expensive transactions. Currently, Ethereum’s transaction processing
capability stands at a mere 15 to 30 TPS. To provide context, VISA processes
around [1,700 transactions per
second](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/transactions-per-second-tps).

Moreover, transaction finality, when a transaction is added to the blockchain
and becomes irreversible, takes roughly 15 minutes on Ethereum.  Furthermore,
the network is often overwhelmed and congested during periods of high demand,
which causes abrupt surges in gas fees.

Ethereum layer 2 networks are, therefore, designed to tackle these issues and
offer cheaper, faster transactions. They inherit Ethereum’s security and, by
processing transactions of the parent chain, make the process more efficient.  

## **Layer 2 Solutions on Ethereum**

Layer 2 solutions mainly differ in how they reduce Ethereum’s transaction
load. The most common ones are sidechains and blockchain rollups.

### **Sidechains**

[Sidechains](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-sidechain) are
independent blockchains with native tokens and consensus mechanisms whose
purpose is to help scale the parent network. They connect to the parent
blockchain using a two-way bridge that enables users to move assets to and
from Ethereum.

However, there’s no real transfer of assets between the two chains. Sidechains
use something called a two-way peg. A smart contract locks up assets on the
main chain and mints a mirror image of the tokens on the sidechain. The value
of these new assets is pegged to the assets on the original chain.

Let’s use the boss and assistant analogy once again. In this case, the boss
(Ethereum) sets aside a bunch of the workload (locks the tokens). The
assistant (sidechain) works with a copy of the workload (pegged assets) to
execute transactions. Once done, the sidechain destroys its copies and unlocks
the original tokens on Ethereum.

### **Blockchain Rollups**

[Blockchain rollups](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-blockchain-
rollups) are layer 2 scaling solutions that “rollup” or bundle a bunch of
transactions and then send them to Ethereum as a single piece of data. This
network then adds this to an Ethereum block and confirms it.

Using the earlier analogy, the assistant carries the paperwork (transactions)
to their desk, processes them, and compresses a big pile of paperwork into a
single file. The assistant then sends that file, instead of the whole pile,
back to the boss (Ethereum). This way, the boss has to deal with a fraction of
the paperwork, which occupies less space. Therefore, as a user, you pay less
gas fees because your transaction is grouped with many others and occupies
less data space on the block.

There are two different types of rollups: Optimistic rollups and zero-
knowledge (zk) rollups. Optimistic rollups assume that all transactions
bundled together are valid unless otherwise proven. Zk rollups, on the other
hand, produce a single cryptographic proof called “validity proof,” which
attests to the validity of the transactions bundled together.  

## **Popular Ethereum Layer 2s:**

Over the years, several Ethereum Layer 2 solutions have emerged — each
prioritizing a specific audience, use case, or solution to Ethereum’s scaling
efforts. Here are some of the most popular Ethereum Layer 2 solutions in the
industry today:

### **Polygon**

[Polygon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-polygon-matic) is
one of the most popular Ethereum Layer 2 scaling solutions. It is an
independent Ethereum sidechain faster and cheaper than its parent blockchain.
Theoretically, Polygon can process up to 7,200 TPS, although the TPS currently
stands around 1,000. Then for each of these transactions, the average gas is
$0.01. It also plans on improving its transaction finality. Established brands
like Starbucks use the network for loyalty programs due to the above benefits.

### **Arbitrum**

Launched by Offchain Labs,
[Arbitrum](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-arbitrum)
is an optimistic rollup that cuts down the speed and cost of transactions by
bundling them and processing them off-chain. Arbitrum manages a total of
40,000 TPS, with transactions costing around two cents on average.
Additionally, Arbitrum’s compatibility with Ethereum Virtual Machines (EVMs)
helps Ethereum developers launch their dApps on Arbitrum without too many
modifications to the code.

### **Base**

Launched in August 2023,
[Base](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-layer-2-base-
blockchain-explained) was incubated within Coinbase and built using the MIT-
licensed OP Stack developed by Optimism. Notably, the total value locked (TVL)
on the network surpassed $300 million by November.

Base subscribes to the vision of a ‘super-chain’, a collection of inter-
connected blockchains built on the OP Stack, that will together scale
Ethereum. Optimism and Base are the first two chains that will make up the
super-chain.

### **ImmutableX**

ImmutableX is a zk-rollup scaling solution focused on non-fungible tokens
(NFTs) and Web3 games. To that end, ImmutableX has built out software
development kits (SDKs) and application programming interfaces (APIs) for game
developers to simplify the tedious backend infrastructure.

Along with fast transactions, ImmutableX aims to offer [gas-
free](https://www.immutable.com/blog/what-is-immutablex), carbon-neutral NFT
minting. It also claims to offer transaction speeds of up to 9,000 TPS.

### **Ronin**

Ronin is an Ethereum sidechain launched by Sky Mavis, which created the
popular NFT game [Axie Infinity](https://www.ledger.com/academy/nfts/what-is-
axie-infinity). It uses a proof-of-authority (PoA) consensus mechanism where
Sky Mavis and the community select network validators based on expertise and
reputation.  The gaming-focused blockchain boasts “near-instant” transactions
with an average cost of less than half a cent.

## **ETH L2s: A new way to explore Ethereum**

For Ethereum to become a global payment system, it must be accessible.
Ethereum L2s are designed to do just that by solving the parent network’s
scalability challenges. Whether you want to play Web3 games, exchange tokens,
mint NFTs, or trade ETH, L2s help you do it faster and cheaper.

If you’re ready to dive deeper into Ethereum Layer 2 networks it doesn’t need
to be difficult. Through the Ledger ecosystem, you can access Polygon,
Arbitrum, Base, and many other L2s.

So what are you waiting for? Enjoy the confidence of self-custody as you
explore what the world of Ethereum Layer 2s has to offer through [Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live). After all, what is the virtue of
crypto without self-custody?

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Are%20Ethereum%20Layer%202%20Blockchains%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-
work&title=What%20Are%20Ethereum%20Layer%202%20Blockchains%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work%3F
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=a2895062-08c3-46ef-
baf3-39b7034aea59&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=d0bca9ff-2b3e-4041-89d2-8458da984074&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=a2895062-08c3-46ef-
baf3-39b7034aea59&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=d0bca9ff-2b3e-4041-89d2-8458da984074&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=3b58fda2-1ce4-48e5-8c4a-664c36d98828&sid=12243ae01cfd11ef90d9f73034d22d92&vid=122437f01cfd11efa9c7af3e52033d0b&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Are%20Ethereum%20Layer%202%20Blockchains%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-
work&r=&lt=2258&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=48347)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A53%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Are%20Ethereum%20Layer%202%20Blockchains%20and%20How%20Do%20They%20Work%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fblockchain%2Fwhat-
are-ethereum-layer-2-blockchains-and-how-do-they-
work&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

