[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to Mythic

# What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to Mythic

By **Jemima Conlon**

Apr 30, 2024 | **Updated Apr 30, 2024**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20are%20Rare%20Sats%3F%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Satoshis%20from%20Uncommon%20to%20Mythic&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-
explained&title=What%20are%20Rare%20Sats%3F%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Satoshis%20from%20Uncommon%20to%20Mythic
"Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/06_Crypto_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg)

KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— The smallest denomination of Bitcoin is called a Satoshi, or sat for short,
and they each have a unique ID number correlating to the order in which they
were created.  
  
— Because each satoshi is unique, they have an in-built rarity system. Sats
involved in notable network events are rarer than others.  
  
— Rare sats are now popular collectibles, allowing you to own a piece of
Bitcoin history  
  
— To manage and trade rare sats, you’ll need a rare sat-compatible software
wallet alongside your Ledger device.  
  
Bitcoin, as the first and most popular blockchain network, has historically
been used as a secure store of value. Due to its deflationary nature and
security, Bitcoin has offered a more digital alternative to buying precious
metals. As such it has been dubbed “digital gold”.

As the blockchain ecosystem has expanded, it has offered new use cases. For
example, the Ethereum network’s smart contract capability allowed it to create
fungible and non-fungible tokens, unlocking a whole new market in trading
digital collectibles. But Bitcoin doesn’t have a virtual machine for running
complex dapps and creating programmable tokens. Primarily, Bitcoin has always
been used as a store of value, rather than a vehicle for trading collectibles.
That is, until the launch of the [Bitcoin Ordinals
protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bitcoin-ordinals).

To explain, the ordinals protocol introduced a way to identify and track the
smallest denominations of Bitcoin, named satoshis or sats. Since each satoshi
has an ID corresponding to the order in which it was created, sats have an in-
built rarity system.

But what makes a sat rare? And how can you identify and get your hands on your
own rare sats? In this article, Ledger Academy will take you through
everything you need to know about Satoshis, their rarity, and how to hunt and
trade them. Let’s dive in.

## Understanding Satoshis: What Sats are in the Bitcoin Ecosystem

To understand why satoshi rarity is important, let’s first dive into what a
satoshi is in the first place. One satoshi is the smallest denomination of
Bitcoin possible. So just like a cent is the smallest denomination of a
dollar, a satoshi (also known as a sat) serves the same purpose for the
Bitcoin network. Specifically, a satoshi is a hundred millionth of one Bitcoin
(1 sat = 0.00000001 BTC).

These denominations are so small, they are technically worthless. In theory,
one sat is worth just a fraction of a dollar cent. But this is where it gets
interesting: some sats have more inherent value than others. Let’s see why.

## What are Rare Sats?

Rare sats are satoshis with notable qualities or history that make them stand
out.

To explain, each satoshi has a unique ID number corresponding to the order in
which they were created. This gives them an in-built rarity system: the sats
involved in special network events are trackable and identifiable.

For instance, the first satoshi of each mined block is considered rare.
Satoshis mined during network events such as the [bitcoin
halving](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/bitcoin-halving) are also rare.
Essentially, rare sats are produced when the Bitcoin network undergoes a
notable change. But it isn’t just about network-wide events. Some sats are
rare because they were involved in a particular notable transaction, or
because they have been interacted with by a notable figure in the space.

To understand the scene, let’s dive into the different types of rare and
exotic sats.

## Satoshi Rarity: Understanding how rare your sats are

### Rodarmor Rarity Index Sats

The most popular way to identify rare sats is using the Rodarmor Rarity Index,
introduced by Ordinals developer Casey Rodarmor. This is the whole basis of
the ordinals protocol, which opened up the possibility of creating non-
fungible tokens on the Bitcoin network. Let’s look at the events Rodarmor
considers notable when identifying rare sats.

#### Common Sats

Most sats you encounter are common sats. They aren’t the first to be created
in their respective blocks and they weren’t part of any significant network
event. Since they are the most common type, there can be up to 21 trillion
common sats.

#### Uncommon Sats

Uncommon sats are the lowest grade of rare sat. The first sat created in each
block is labeled “uncommon”. Altogether, there can only ever be 6,929,999
uncommon sats.

#### Rare Sats

The first satoshis created in a new block following a difficulty adjustment
period is labeled a “rare” sat. At most, there can be 3,437.

#### Epic Sats

The first satoshis created after a Bitcoin halving event are named epic sats.
To explain, Bitcoin halvings only happen every four years. This makes epic
sats much more scarce than the previous rarities.

#### Legendary Sats

Legendary sats are the first satoshis mined after every six halving events.
This event is so rare it only occurs every 24 years. As the Bitcoin network
launched in 2009, you can expect the first Legendary sats to be created in
2033.

#### Mythic Sats

There is only one mythic sat: it’s the first satoshi ever created in Bitcoin’s
genesis block. While it’s unlikely you’ll ever get your hands on this rare
sat, it’s out there somewhere!

### Exotic Sats

Although the Rodarmor Rarity Index is the most common method of evaluating
sats, there are also some network events he did not include. Despite that,
some other types of sats have interested the community, often called exotic
sats.

#### Black Sats

While most rare sats are focused on the beginning of each notable period,
black sats highlight the conclusion of these events instead. Sometimes the
final moment of an event is much more culturally significant than the start.
This gives the final sat involved in that block a unique rarity. These sats
are called black sats. They come in the same variants as Rodarmor’s rare sats:
uncommon, rare, epic, and so on. The only difference is that black sats are
the satoshis involved in the conclusion of each of their respective network
events, rather than the beginning. For example, an Epic sat is the first sat
created after a Bitcoin halving. Conversely, a Black Epic sat is the final sat
created before the halving.

#### Pizza Sats

Ever heard of Bitcoin Pizza Day? On 22nd May 2010, developer Laszlo Hanyecz
bought two pizzas for 10,000 Bitcoin. While that only amounted to around $41
then, the tale is now famous for showing the long way Bitcoin has come as a
digital currency. As such, the sats involved in this famous sale are now
highly sought-after by rare sat hunters.

#### Nakamoto Sats

If you know anything about the history of Bitcoin, you’ve probably heard about
Satoshi Nakamoto. Since Bitcoin’s founder disappeared, the sats he has
interacted with are scarce. Thus, sats mined by Nakamoto fall under their own
category of exotic satoshis.

#### Hitman

Hitman sats are as crazy as they sound. The founder of the Silk Road,
pseudonymous “Dread Pirate Roberts”, allegedly paid $500k worth of BTC to hire
a hitman. While the founder of the Silk Road was later revealed to be Ross
Ulbricht, he hasn’t been charged with murder-for-hire. Instead, he’s
incarcerated simply for running the dark web marketplace. Be that as it may,
the sats involved in that morbid transaction are now the focus of collectors!

### Vintage Sats

While they may not be as old as a vintage wine, all sats from the first 1000
blocks mined on the Bitcoin blockchain are vintage sats. Under this umbrella,
these are the vintage sats to know about.

#### Block 9

Block 9 was mined by [Satoshi
Nakamoto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/satoshi-nakamoto), and thus
contains some of the oldest sats in existence. This is also the block where
Satoshi Nakamoto transferred 10 BTC to Hal Finney, amongst some other notable
transactions. Sats from this block are so valuable that leading digital artist
Nullish created inscriptions with nine of these satoshis, which were later
sold by Sotheby’s in Jan 2024.

#### Block 9 450 x

Block 9 450 x sats are from the first Bitcoin created in block 9. You already
know the significance of block 9! This collection of sats has additional
scarcity compared with the rest of the block 9 sats.

#### First Tx

In January 2009, Satoshi Nakamoto sent 10 BTC to Hal Finney. This was the
first ever Bitcoin transaction, and thus one of the most significant events in
the network’s history..

#### Block 78

Of course, Satoshi Nakamoto isn’t the only notable character in the Bitcoin
ecosystem.  Developer Hal Finney is also a Bitcoin pioneer. Thus the satoshis
from the first block Hal Finney mined are also considered collectible, as the
first block mined by someone other than Nakamoto.

#### Block 286

Block 286 marked the second-ever Bitcoin transaction performed by Nakamoto. As
a result, these sats are also sought-after.

#### Block 666

Yes, this one is exactly how it sounds. As block 666, these sats are already
in the vintage category, but with the added symbolic meaning of the number
666, these sats have another more devilish aspect of collectibility.

### Other Interesting Exotic Sats

Of course, there are a range of other ways sats can stand out from the crowd.
Some sats are special due to their ID numbers, while others get their rarity
from notable events. Let’s look at some of the other desirable sats you can
hunt.

#### Palindrome

Palindromes read the same backward and forwards. It’s a phenomenon that gives
rarity to several things—not just satoshis. Simple Palindromes are the most
common type of Palindrome sat, but there are also more complex versions too.

#### Palinception

Palinception sats have ID numbers that are a palindrome of palindromes.
Essentially, these sats offer mathematical perfection, if that’s what you’re
into.

#### Paliblock Palindrome

The final level of palindrome sats is the Paliblock Palindrome. In short, this
is the most symmetrical kind of sat, with a repeating palindrome forming an
even bigger palindrome.

#### Jpeg

JPEG sats are the first group of sats traded for an image. In early 2010, a
Bitcoin user Sabunir entered a Bitcoin forum to ask if someone wanted to buy
his desktop wallpaper for $1, which was worth 500 BTC at the time. A month
later, someone bought the Jpeg for his asking price, marking the first-ever
sale of a jpeg via Bitcoin. As such, the sats involved in this transaction are
now known as jpeg sats.

#### Alpha

Alpha sats are exactly as they sound: they are the first sats of each Bitcoin
block. They also always end in 8 zeros, for those sat hunters looking for an
aesthetically pleasing ID number.

#### Omega

Omega sats are the opposite of alpha sats: they are the final sat of each
Bitcoin block. As such, their ID numbers always end in 8 nines. Of course, as
the last sat of their block, the sat that follows is always an alpha sat!

#### Legacy

Finally, Legacy sats come from a more recent event. In June 2022, Casey
Rodarmor, the creator of Bitcoin Ordinals and [Runes
protocols](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol) held a Bitcoin workshop. This was half a year before launching
ordinals.  Rodarmor rewarded the attendees of the event with paper wallets.
The sats included in these paper wallets are now known as Legacy sats.

## How to Manage Rare Sats With Ledger

If you want to manage and trade rare sats, it’s important to educate yourself.
Managing sats with a  Bitcoin wallet can be tricky. If you don’t take the
right precautions, it’s too easy to send your rare sat accidentally if you’re
storing your main Bitcoin holdings at the same address. To avoid these kinds
of mistakes, you’ll need to use a wallet designed specifically for managing
sats and ordinals.

But of course, it’s not as simple as that. Most wallets that support assets
like rare sats are software (hot) wallets. This means they store your private
keys online, impacting the security of your assets. To keep your assets safe
from online threats while interacting with rare sats, your best option is to
use your Ledger device with a rare sat-compatible software wallet.

To do so you have a few main options. Let’s explore how they work.

### Manage Rare sats with Ledger and Xverse

Xverse is a popular Bitcoin hot wallet compatible with rare sats, ordinals,
and runes. It’s also easy to connect to your Ledger device, allowing you to
manage and trade your rare sats with security on your side.[ To connect your
device to Xverse and manage rare sats, follow the steps in this Help Center
article](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/17941369632541-Connect-
Xverse-wallet-with-your-Ledger-device)!

### Manage Rare sats with Ledger and Leather

You can also manage your rare sats using [Leather (formerly Hiro)
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-
what-it-is-and-how-to-use-it). In short, Leather wallet is a software (hot)
wallet for Bitcoin. As well as allowing you to manage BTC and rare sats, it
supports Ordinals, Runes, and Bitcoin Stamps. Plus, you can also use Leather
to connect to Bitcoin layer two network Stacks.[ Connecting your Ledger device
to Leather wallet is easy: just follow this help center tutorial to get
started](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/11414148809885-Connect-
your-Ledger-device-to-Leather-Wallet).

## How to Trade Rare Sats

### Trade rare sats via Magic Eden

Magic Eden is one of the first marketplaces to build infrastructure for
trading rare sats. Using its positioning as one of the most popular NFT
marketplaces, Magic Eden has pioneered the rare sat trading market.

To start trading rare sats on Magic Eden is easy. Just connect your Ledger
device to Magic Eden via Xverse or Leather, use the filters to search for the
rare sat you want, and make an offer! For more information on how to trade
rare sats via Magic Eden, [check out its documentation
here](https://help.magiceden.io/en/articles/8449971-your-comprehensive-guide-
to-buying-and-selling-rare-sats-on-magic-eden-bitcoin).

### Trade rare sats via Magisat

Another option you have to trade rare sats is via Magisat. To do so, you’ll
need to connect to the platform via Xverse wallet. Luckily you can do so in
tandem with your Ledger device to guarantee the safety of your private keys.
To learn more about how to use Magisat, [follow its documentation on rare sats
here](https://magisat.io/tutorials).

## The Future of Rare Sats

Rare sats are an emerging asset class and their ecosystem is still evolving.
The rare and exotic sats listed in this article are by no means the only
examples. Each day rare sat hunters find new and inspired reasons specific
sats are deemed special.

Plus, as the Bitcoin network continues to gain traction, who knows what
notable network events may shape the future of the market? With the rise of
alternative Bitcoin assets, such as Bitcoin ordinals, and runes, it’s clear
that rare sats will become an important asset class. After all, who wouldn’t
want to collect a piece of Bitcoin history?

Today, a lot of the most popular and most valuable Bitcoin ordinals are
inscribed on rare sats. With this in-built rarity system, an ordinal can have
an aesthetic and historic value. For example, the collection Memento Mori by
Richard Nadler is inscribed only on the satoshis from the first Bitcoin. This
gives these inscriptions a more meaningful value to collectors.

While the space is still evolving, it’s important to pay attention to
security. As you well know, it’s all too easy to make a mistake when dealing
with a new asset and unfamiliar platforms. So before you throw yourself down
the rare sat rabbit hole, make sure you have the tools to keep your
collectibles safe. With a Ledger device, you can guarantee your rare sats stay
secure, and within your possession.

**Jemima Conlon**  

Jem started her web3 journey in journalism, running the NFT news site
NFTevening. Since then, she became enamoured with power blockchain technology
has to revolutionize multiple industries–not just art! Now, she helps the
Ledger Academy with Editorial Content and SEO.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20are%20Rare%20Sats%3F%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Satoshis%20from%20Uncommon%20to%20Mythic&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-
explained&title=What%20are%20Rare%20Sats%3F%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Satoshis%20from%20Uncommon%20to%20Mythic
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

[How To Send Bitcoin to Another
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-and-
how-does-it-work)

[What Is A Bitcoin Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/create-a-bitcoin-wallet)

[How to Create a Bitcoin
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/create-a-bitcoin-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=0945e325-d662-4a63-b984-8e7d0404cebb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=86678ed9-5d27-4dfd-8dde-d77ea9c0dc46&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-
explained&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=0945e325-d662-4a63-b984-8e7d0404cebb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=86678ed9-5d27-4dfd-8dde-d77ea9c0dc46&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-
explained&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=1ac98508-9574-41ba-b864-116f45824d34&sid=162ca4901cfd11efb3b36de6bbb22fa6&vid=162cdd801cfd11efad49096d765b58e5&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20are%20Rare%20Sats%3F%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Satoshis%20from%20Uncommon%20to%20Mythic&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-
explained&r=&lt=1639&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=192145)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A59%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20are%20Rare%20Sats%3F%20Bitcoin%E2%80%99s%20Satoshis%20from%20Uncommon%20to%20Mythic&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fwhat-
are-rare-sats-bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

