[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2JpbmFuY2UtYXNzaXN0cy10YWl3YW4tbGF3LWVuZm9yY2VtZW50LWluLWNyYWNraW5nLW1ham9yLXZpcnR1YWwtYXNzZXRyZWxhdGVkLWNhc2UtaW52b2x2aW5nLW5lYXJseS1udCQyMDAtbWlsbGlvbi04MjE4Njc2OTQ1NTMyNDc0MjEyP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21wbGlhbmNlL2JpbmFuY2UtYXNzaXN0cy10YWl3YW4tbGF3LWVuZm9yY2VtZW50LWluLWNyYWNraW5nLW1ham9yLXZpcnR1YWwtYXNzZXRyZWxhdGVkLWNhc2UtaW52b2x2aW5nLW5lYXJseS1udCQyMDAtbWlsbGlvbi04MjE4Njc2OTQ1NTMyNDc0MjEyP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Assists Taiwan Law Enforcement in Cracking Major Virtual Asset-
Related Case Involving Nearly NT$200 Million

2024-05-17

## **Main Takeaways**

  * Recently, Binance's Financial Crimes Compliance (FCC) department collaborated with Taiwan's Ministry of Justice Investigation Bureau and the Taipei District Prosecutors Office to crack a major criminal case involving money laundering through virtual assets, with the amount involved reaching nearly NT$200 million.

  * Binance supported Taiwanese crime fighters throughout the case, providing crucial intelligence and assistance that played a key role in advancing the investigation.

  * In addition to operational assistance, Binance has launched a series of law enforcement training programs in Taiwan, collaborating with over 10 different units and involving more than a thousand law enforcement officers, with these efforts invariably receiving very positive feedback.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240516/d0779eb5-6aee-4cce-8701-219eaf330e55)

Recently, Binance's Financial Crimes Compliance (FCC) Department collaborated
with Taiwan's Ministry of Justice Investigation Bureau and the Taipei District
Prosecutors Office on solving a major cryptocurrency-assisted money laundering
case involving nearly NT $200 million (approximately US $6 million). Binance's
blockchain expertise and intelligence played a pivotal role in the case,
helping law enforcement bring the suspects to justice.

## **The Long Arm of Justice**

As reported by various media outlets, the criminal operation had long been
assisting scam groups in laundering money using virtual assets. By creating
fake customer conversation records, remittance proofs, and forged identity
verification data, the criminals posed as individual cryptocurrency merchants
to make their movement of funds seem legitimate. However, their activities did
not go unnoticed and law enforcement eventually caught up with them. The
police traced and tracked multiple cryptocurrency transactions that appeared
suspicious and requested related data from various stakeholders including
Binance.

Upon receiving the request, Binance responded swiftly and set up a cross-
border online meeting with the investigating officers and prosecutors to
discuss the collaborative strategy. Binance's experienced FCC teams provided
insights and recommendations based on cryptocurrency flow analyses, thereby
helping to narrow down the circle of potential suspects more effectively.

Prosecutor Lo Wei-yuan of the Taipei District Prosecutors Office, who is in
charge of the case, subsequently indicted nine suspects on charges of
aggravated fraud, violation of the Money Laundering Control Act, and organized
crime prevention regulations last month.

## **Public-Private Collaboration for Security**

Prosecutor Lo Wei-yuan shared, "We would like to thank Binance for its long-
term active cooperation with Taiwanese law enforcement agencies and for
providing professional assistance and crucial intelligence in this case. It
allowed our investigation team to further unravel the threads and piece
together the full picture of the crime, ultimately bringing the suspects to
justice."

Damien Ho, a representative of Binance's APAC team, said, "Binance is proud to
have closely cooperated with Taiwan's excellent law enforcement agencies to
make significant progress in the investigation. Our cooperation with Taiwan
law enforcement reaffirms Binance's strong commitment to combating financial
crime and safeguarding the Web3 ecosystem. We will continue to uphold this
goal and deepen our cooperation with global law enforcement agencies."

This case highlights the importance of public-private collaboration in
combating new types of financial crime. Close cooperation between law
enforcement agencies and exchanges can help effectively curb illegal
activities and ensure that the financial system is not abused by malicious
actors. In Taiwan, Binance has assisted with thousands of law enforcement
requests and conducted training courses with more than 10 law enforcement
units, involving over a thousand officers, and received overwhelmingly
positive feedback.

In several other recent major international law enforcement collaborations,
Binance [_assisted Dutch law
enforcement_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/security/binance-helps-dutch-
authorities-recover-millions-of-euros-stolen-in-gambling-platform-
scam-92254363879636596) in recovering millions of euros in stolen funds from a
fake gambling website and helped [_Indian law enforcement dismantle an
investment fraud scheme_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-
assists-indias-enforcement-directorate-in-dismantling-a-major-online-fraud-
operation-3299876910216718391) disguised as a gaming platform.

Binance understands the responsibility and expectations that come with the
role of the industry leader. We always prioritize user protection and have
built the industry's strongest financial crimes compliance department, which
proactively cooperates with law enforcement agencies worldwide to ensure the
safety of the global digital-asset ecosystem.

## **Further Reading**

  * [ _Binance's CEO Richard Teng and Chief Prosecutor of Taiwan’s High Prosecutors Office Discuss Cooperation in Combating Crime_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binances-ceo-richard-teng-and-chief-prosecutor-of-taiwans-high-prosecutors-office-discuss-cooperation-in-combating-crime-2306881282180625534)

  * [ _Binance Collaborates With Taiwan's New Taipei District Prosecutors Office To Enhance Crime Fighters’ Investigative Skills_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-collaborates-with-taiwans-new-taipei-district-prosecutors-office-to-enhance-crime-fighters-investigative-skills-4589112633941582283)

  * [ _Binance Partners With Taiwan Law Enforcement Agencies to Fight Cybercrime_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-partners-with-taiwan-law-enforcement-agencies-to-fight-cybercrime-7928081762268486180)

194,971,526 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Assists Taiwan Law Enforcement in Cracking Major Virtual Asset-Related
Case Involving Nearly NT$200 Million

Main Takeaways

The Long Arm of Justice

Public-Private Collaboration for Security

Further Reading

194,971,526 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

Theme

English

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

