![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Blog home](/en/blog) | [Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/blog.xml) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_posts/2018-09-14-how-to-translate.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_posts/2018-09-14-how-to-translate.md%0A%0A)

# How to Help Translate Bitcoin.org

If youâre a fluent or native speaker of a language other than English, this
blog post will help you learn how to get started translating Bitcoin.org so
that more people around the world who speak your language can learn about
Bitcoin.

_Thank you to Simon AKA âKomodorpudelâ for preparing content to help
organize this post._

## Getting Started with the Translation Team

Translations for Bitcoin.org are done on a website called
[Transifex](https://www.transifex.com/bitcoinorg/bitcoinorg/). Basic
instructions for how Transifex works can be [found
here](https://docs.transifex.com/getting-started/translators).

**Below is a summary:**

  1. [Create a free Transifex account](https://www.transifex.com/signup/). Creating a Transifex account is free and not much information is needed.

  2. [Join the Bitcoin.org translation team](https://www.transifex.com/bitcoinorg/bitcoinorg/) and select the language you want to translate the site into. Your request to join a team will be accepted instantly, and you will be a translator for the language you selected. If your language is not available yet, close the pop-up, scroll down, and navigate to âRequest languageâ.

  3. Play around with the interface. Transifexâs interface can be a bit confusing and it cannot hurt to take a look around. As a translator, you cannot cause any harm as you can only edit unreviewed strings. A complete history is saved for every string, making it impossible to destroy previous work. In the beginning, stay away from the Glossary as this can be edited by new translators but no history is saved.

  4. [Join the Telegram group for translators](https://t.me/bitcoinaroundtheworld). The website maintainer, both team leaders for translations, a number of language coordinators, and various translators are present in this group. We are happy to help in case you need assistance.

  5. Choose what you want to translate. Navigate to the âDashboardâ on the top of the page, then to âLanguagesâ and select your language. You will see a lot of different resources and their progress. Each resource consists of a number of strings. A string is a âstringâ of text on Bitcoin.org. Each string has three possible states - âuntranslatedâ, âtranslated but unreviewedâ, and âreviewedâ. Only the first state âuntranslatedâ is relevant for most translators. However, if you find a âtranslated but unreviewedâ string that contains obvious mistakes, you are free to correct them. âReviewedâ strings can only be changed or unreviewed by reviewers. The first resource âbitcoin.orgâ contains all strings of the main page. Start here. Everything else that follows starts with âdevdocsâ¦â, indicating that these files are part of the developer documentation. It is recommended that you only try to translate the developer documentation if you are an experienced Bitcoin user and/or developer with a profound understanding.

  6. Start translating. You must be a native or fluent speaker for the language you choose to translate. Please be careful to preserve the original meaning of each text. Sentences and popular expressions should sound native in your language. Translations need to be reviewed by a reviewer or coordinator before publication. Once reviewed, coordinators will notify the team leaders that a certain translation is ready for publication. If in doubt, please contact the coordinator(s) for your language on Transifex.

  7. Please take a look at the Responsibilities and Tasks section below to learn more about the different types of users that youâll encounter on Transifex when helping translate Bitcoin.org.

## Responsibilities and Tasks

### Team Leaders

Team Leaders are currently George AKA
â[BitcoinTranslations](https://telegram.me/bitcointranslations)â and
Hendrawan AKA â[khendraw](https://telegram.me/khendraw)â.

**Responsibilities and Tasks**

  * Providing oversight on the complete translation efforts on Transifex.
  * Keeping track of everything.
  * Being a contact person for all sorts of questions that cannot be answered by language coordinators.
  * Promoting or demoting users (e.g. promoting a reviewer to coordinator).
  * Managing groups that have no active coordinator.

### Coordinators

Various people across all language teams are coordinators. For a number of
languages, no active coordinator exists. If there are any questions or you
want to assist by becoming a coordinator, please write one of the team
leaders.

**Responsibilities and Tasks**

  * Translating and striving for consistency across strings.
  * Providing oversight on the complete translation efforts for a specific language.
  * Notifying team leaders if a resource is ready to be put on the website.
  * Being a contact person for the team leaders.
  * Being a contact person for all reviewers and translators within a specific language team.
  * Introducing and helping new volunteers.
  * Promoting or demoting users (e.g. promoting a translator to reviewer).
  * Removing user that do not follow instructions (e.g. using Google Translate).

### Reviewers

**Responsibilities and Tasks**

  * Translating and striving for consistency across strings.
  * Reviewing strings (preferably not their own strings if possible).
  * Checking translations for correctness regarding meaning and spelling.
  * Checking for consistency across translations (e.g. is âtransaction malleabilityâ translated consistently across all strings?).

### Translators

**Responsibilities and Tasks**

  * Translating and striving for consistency across strings.
  * Extending the glossary with translations for necessary and general terms.

## About Bitcoin.org

Bitcoin.org was originally registered and owned by Satoshi Nakamoto and Martti
Malmi. When Satoshi left the project, he gave ownership of the domain to
additional people, separate from the Bitcoin developers, to spread
responsibility and prevent any one person or group from easily gaining control
over the Bitcoin project. Since then, the site has been developed and
maintained by different members of the Bitcoin community.

Despite being a privately owned site, its code is [open-
source](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/) and there have been
over 3,200 commits from 180 contributors from all over the world. In addition
to this, over 950 translators have helped to make the site display natively to
visitors by default in their own languages â now 25 different languages and
growing.

Posted to the [Bitcoin.org Site Blog](/en/blog) on 14 September 2018 by [Will
Binns](https://github.com/wbnns)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

