[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvYWJvdXQtbGVnYWwvcHJpdmFjeS1wb3J0YWw%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvYWJvdXQtbGVnYWwvcHJpdmFjeS1wb3J0YWw%3D)

Binance Privacy Portal

Our commitment to protecting your data

Welcome to our **Privacy Portal**.  
We created this page to help you navigate through key aspects of our Privacy
Program and learn more about your privacy rights.  
At Binance, we are dedicated to safeguarding your privacy and protecting your
data. The security of your personal information is paramount to us and we
follow strict internal guidelines, legal requirements and industry best
practices to ensure that your data is secure and used only for authorized
purposes.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/m0BMZe3LOR-
FE_5dme5ZFzrmwbk4zlHkpCwStSDFXt8.png)

Binance's Privacy Principles

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/v7npE0nUzq9FOLBO3GsRs7W-k2orJ4qvENkblEELxJI.png)

Transparency at All Times

Our transparency commitment means that we keep you informed about how your
data is used and shared. We update this portal and our privacy notices
regularly, ensuring you stay informed about any changes that may affect you.
This helps us empower you to make informed decisions about your data and
privacy.

[Check our Privacy Notice >](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/aS2kid79VvFVNtbvNP5w6Tz_8mXXh__2-C9xx5ijepw.png)

Data Minimization & Purpose Limitation

We have implemented strong governance controls on data minimization, which
ensure that all products and services offered by Binance only collect user
data with specified purposes. We demonstrate in our Privacy Notice the
specific, legitimate business purposes of data collection at Binance.

[Check our Privacy Notice >](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/99JKpjRK9Q90fRLiKeYB7Rusii4MwW-
XxhJNeurqi60.png)

Accountability and Compliance

We take our privacy responsibilities seriously. Our practices are in full
compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations around the
globe. We conduct regular audits and continuously improve our processes to
ensure we uphold the highest standards of data protection and privacy. Our
program has received coveted security and privacy certifications in multiple
jurisdictions where we operate.

[Learn More >](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-receives-
coveted-security-and-privacy-certifications-3367416538721239104)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/LY6WrPOUx0T7dUwj3omMIFZ263ZHl3Zuft8tI04mthg.png)

User's Rights and Access

We recognize and uphold your fundamental rights concerning your personal data.
To help you exercise them, we provide easy-to-use tools and mechanisms in the
Binance app and through a dedicated webform where you can request our support.
For more information on the applicable rights for your jurisdiction, check our
Privacy Notice at the link below. If you wish to exercise your rights, kindly
read the section "Exercising your Privacy Rights" on this page.

[Check our Privacy Notice >](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/A04pG37hBv_f9zqqmKAyQuMGrgH_SikfBsIjRlxECQM.png)

Data Security

We prioritize your privacy and security, implementing robust measures to
protect your data from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access, while strictly
controlling access internally. Our advanced encryption and stringent
protocols, including identity verification, maintain the confidentiality and
integrity of your data.

[Check our User Protection Portal
>](https://www.binance.com/en/event/user_protection)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/j96-zut_Ng1orEmcxNQEHxma_TtvCdq6_19Wm20aPPs.png)

Privacy by Design

We have strong processes in place to ensure that privacy and data protection
are built into all our products and services. Our dedicated privacy team works
closely with developers to incorporate data protection by design and by
default, adhering to global standards and regulations.

[Check our User Protection Portal
>](https://www.binance.com/en/event/user_protection)

How Binance uses your data

What is Personal Data?

Using your Data

Retention of your Data

Data Sharing with third parties

Cookies and other Identifiers

Definition of personal data

Personal data is the data that **identifies an individual or relates to an
identifiable individual.** This includes information you provide to us,
information which is collected about you automatically, and information we
obtain from third parties, such as name, Binance ID number, location data,
email address, or any details that, when combined, could identify someone.

[Check our full Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/pXrm9aPEiBHeJSBXFK439aQmrqToxYFfj3ErLOdqg7s.png)

How does Binance use my data?

We collect and process your personal data to provide secure and efficient
services. This includes managing the user's account, complying with legal and
regulatory requirements (like Anti-Money-Laundering laws), communicating with
users about service-related matters, and ensuring the safety, security, and
integrity of our platform. Additionally, we can use personal data to provide
you support, improve our services, send you marketing communications, prevent
fraud, and facilitate transactions.

[Check our full Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/iwyS4hWnIw8wNcnYHxohZQJH0oRmDXm05W7i_9TWW6k.png)

For how long does Binance retain my data?

We hold your personal data to ensure you can keep using Binance services. This
is necessary for the reasons outlined in our Privacy Notice, including meeting
legal requirements related to taxation, accounting, Anti-Money Laundering,
handling disputes and legal claims, or other reasons of which we might inform
you.  
To learn more about how long we keep various types of your personal data,
please refer to the Privacy Notice applicable to your jurisdiction by clicking
on the link below and selecting your country of residence.

[Check our full Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/NesmjRPhfBrnID60gglZ2fCx4OkMKk7KfyiEtB_vBpY.png)

Is my data shared with third parties?

In line with the applicable regulations and requirements, we may share your
personal data with third parties, including other Binance entities, as per our
contractual obligations, legal requirements, or business processes. While
doing so, we ensure protection of personal data under our Privacy Notice or
equivalent safeguards.  
For more details on transfer of personal data, please refer to the Privacy
Notice applicable to your jurisdiction by clicking on the link below and
selecting your country of residence.

[Check our full Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/FuqruZWu-
ZfsZu1Tiu-yULPF6tvGU15sFDfZnqN7GeM.png)

How do we use cookies?

We use cookies and similar tools to enhance your user experience, streamline
the provision of our services, enhance our marketing efforts and understand
how customers use our services so we can improve user experience. Depending on
applicable laws in your region, the cookie banner on your browser will tell
you how to accept or refuse cookies. A copy of our cookie policy is available
below.

[Check our Cookie Notice](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/cms/cg08ou2ak0tn7mcplvfg/file/GCt3XgkC6IOCqs6v75sdVM6NY9FF9Ql0UIIhsBOkYtE.png)

Exercising your Privacy Rights

1

What rights do I have?

Our global privacy framework is inspired by the European Union’s General Data
Protection Regulation (GDPR), which is widely considered one of the strictest
and most comprehensive frameworks globally.  
A big part of our users hold several key rights. **These include:**  

  * **Right to access:** You have the right to obtain confirmation that your personal data are processed and to obtain a copy of it as well as certain information related to their processing;
  * **Right to rectify:** You can request the rectification of your personal data which are inaccurate, and also add to them. You can also change your personal data in your account at any time.
  * **Right to delete** : You can, in some cases, have your personal data deleted;
  * **Right to object:** You can object, for reasons relating to your situation, to the processing of your personal data For instance, you have the right to object where we rely on legitimate interest or where we process your data for direct marketing purposes;
  * **Right to restrict processing:** You have the right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict the processing of your personal data by us, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. We may continue to process your personal data if it is necessary for the defense against legal claims, or for any other exceptions permitted by applicable law;
  * **Right to contest to a decision based solely on automated processing:** You have the right to require that decisions be reconsidered if they are made solely by automated means, without human involvement. We use automated tools to make sure that you are eligible to be our customer taking into account our interests and legal obligations; if these automated tools indicate that you do not meet our acceptance criteria, we will not onboard you as our customer;
  * **Right to portability:** In some cases, you can ask to receive your personal data which you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or, when this is possible, to have us communicate your personal data on your behalf directly to another data controller;
  * **Right to withdraw your consent:** for processing requiring your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Exercising this right does not affect the lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given before the withdrawal of the latter;
  * **Right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority:** We hope that we can resolve any queries you may have about the way in which we process your personal data. However, if you have unresolved concerns, you also have the right to complain to the data protection authority in the location in which you live, work or believe a data protection breach has occurred.   
_  
Please note that while these rights represent our global standard, the actual
rights available to you may vary depending on your jurisdiction. We encourage
you to check the specific set of rights on the applicable Privacy Notice for
your jurisdiction by[clicking here ](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)and
selecting your country of residence on the top right of our website._

__

2

What support does Binance offer to help me exercise my rights?

We offer you a webform designed to facilitate the exercise of your privacy
rights. Depending on your specific association with our organization (such as
Customer, Former Employee, or Candidate), we may require certain data to
identify you and to process your request effectively. This includes specifying
your country of residence to ensure compliance with local privacy rights, as
well as providing your name and email address for identification purposes.
Additionally, Binance UID is required for customers to enable account
identification. Once this information is provided, just select the relevant
privacy right you wish to exercise and submit your request to us.  
  
Please note that to proceed with your request, we'll need to verify your
identity by requesting some documentation based on what we currently have on
record.  
_*We may take up to 1 month to process your request to exercise GDPR rights.
For other jurisdictions, this deadline may be different depending on the local
laws.  
_  
[Click here to access our Data Protection Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

3

How do I access my data and get a copy of it?

You have the right to obtain confirmation that your personal data are
processed and to obtain a copy of them as well as certain information related
to their processing:  

  * If you're looking for information on how to access your account statement, please [click here](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-use-binance-account-statements-e12bc83ec9ba4e96a076d2b4a4419182)   

  * If you want to get information regarding devices and IP addresses used to log in to your account, please [click here](https://www.binance.com/en/my/security/account-activity)  

  * For other types of access to your data, we offer you the possibility to request that through our Webform:  
[Click here to access our Data Protection Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

4

How can I rectify my data?

You can request our Customer Support team to help you with the rectification
of any incomplete or inaccurate personal data. By opening our app and clicking
on the Customer Support icon, you'll be offered a variety of services, such
as:_  
_

__

_

  * Legal Name Correction
  * Residential Address Change
_

  * _KYC reset, and others_

If you still can't find the proper option and need our help, please contact
our [Customer Support team directly](https://www.binance.com/en/chat) or the
DPO team [through our Data Protection Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

5

Can I delete or disable my account?

Yes, you have the right to delete your account with us. In order to do that,
please [check this tutorial.](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-
delete-my-binance-account-f02c2640a1cd44e58de68e4a49d599f6)

If you still need our help, please contact us through our Customer Support,
and one of our agents will help you [through the CS
Chat](https://www.binance.com/en/chat). Alternatively, the DPO team will
assist you [through our Data Protection Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

6

Can I request the deletion of my data?

Privacy laws grant you rights, including the right to the deletion of your
personal data. However, these rights are subject to limitations.  
While we respect your right to data deletion, legal and regulatory
requirements compel us to retain certain information, such as financial
transaction details, and information related to identity verification
processes, and anti-money laundering measures, for a specified period.  
  
That said, we are happy to accommodate any user request for the deletion of
any of your personal data that is not explicitly required to be kept under
applicable laws. This typically includes information used for marketing
purposes or data related to any additional services you may have chosen to
use.  
  
If you have any more questions or need further assistance regarding your
privacy rights and our data handling practices, please feel free to contact
our [Customer Support team directly](https://www.binance.com/en/chat) or our
DPO team [through our Data Protection Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

7

How can I opt out for or object to the processing for marketing purposes?

You can object, for reasons relating to your situation, to the processing of
your personal data. For instance, you have the right to object where we rely
on legitimate interest or where we process your data for direct marketing
purposes.  
We offer you the possibility to request that through our Data Protection
Webform:  
[Click here to access our Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

8

Is it possible to contest automated decisions?

Yes, it is. During the onboarding process at Binance, we do employ automated
decision-making. It is widely used in our Know-Your-Customer (KYC) procedures.
When you send us your documents, along with a photo and a live video, we use
automation to accurately verify your identity, ensuring we comply with Anti-
Money-Laundering (AML) regulations globally. However, we're aware that this
process isn't perfect, and sometimes errors can occur. A classic example is
when twin siblings attempt to set up separate accounts. Our system might
mistakenly interpret this as one person trying to open two accounts under
different names. There are other unique scenarios that might also lead to
inaccuracies. Because we understand that these situations can arise, we've
made sure to equip our app with relevant support features. If you need
assistance, simply follow these steps in the app or webpage:

  1. Open the app/webpage and sign in to your account.
  2. Navigate to your profile and select the headphone/chat icon.
  3. Click on _"View more"_ on the Self-Service section and Scroll down to the KYC section.
  4. Select the option that best suits your need, like _"Failed Facial Verification Appeal"_ , or _"Appeal KYC Rejection."_  

If you follow these steps, we'll forward your request to one of our dedicated
KYC Customer Support Agents. They'll take a closer look at your case with a
manual review to ensure everything's in order. After a thorough check, they'll
get back to you with an updated response.  
  
If you still need our help, please contact us through our [customer support
](https://www.binance.com/en/chat)or our DPO team through [our Data Protection
Webform](https://privacyportal-bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

9

How do I exercise my right to data portability?

In some cases, you can ask to receive your personal data which you have
provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, or,
when this is possible, that we communicate your personal data on your behalf
directly to another data controller.  
We offer you the possibility to request that through our Webform:  
[Click here to access our Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

10

How do I withdraw my consent?

We may rely upon your consent to use personal data to perform some processing
activities. On the platform we use cookies for analytics and advertising
purposes and you can revoke or give your consent at anytime. In this case, you
can withdraw your consent within the app.  
In order to do that, please follow the steps below:  

  1. Open the app/webpage and sign in to your account.
  2. Navigate to your profile and select the gear icon.
  3. Scroll down to the _"Others"_ section at the bottom of the page.
  4. Tap on _"Privacy"_ , then on the section "Marketing and Analytics", click on the button next to the items _"Analytics"_ or _"Advertising"_ , as you wish.

  
For **marketing communications** , we offer you a link at the end of every
communication sent where you unsubscribe to revoke your consent*.  
  
For any other support regarding consent, we offer you the possibility to
request that through our Webform:  
[Click here to access our Data Protection Webform](https://privacyportal-
bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)  
  
*For security reasons, transactional account messages and communications regarding our business relationship will not be affected even if you opt-out from marketing communications. 

11

Who can I contact for legal support/law enforcement requests?

Binance has dedicated pages to provide support to users or government bodies
when it comes to court orders or law enforcement requests.  
For **law enforcement matters** , government and law enforcement agencies can
use [this system](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement) to
submit information requests.

For **freezing/disclosure requests** related to a court order, legal
representatives can reach out to our Binance Customer Service directly
[here](https://www.binance.com/en/support/chat-invitation) who, when relevant,
will escalate your case to the legal team. If you are not a Binance user, you
can nonetheless use [this link](https://www.binance.com/en-
NZ/chat?sourceEntry=4) and continue as a “Visitor”

12

Check our Privacy Notice

If you want to access our Privacy Notice, please click
[here.](https://www.binance.com/en/privacy)  
  
_Remember that you should refer to the applicable Privacy Notice for your
jurisdiction by selecting your country of residence on the top right of our
website._

Contact the DPO team

[](https://privacyportal-bn.my.onetrust.com/webform/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/207567de-2c3f-440e-8e36-adcae06ed0e5)

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

