  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [What is
Ether.fi?](/blog/what-is-etherfi)

##### Cryptocurrency

# What is Ether.fi?

Published on: Mar 20, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Ether.fi Overview**
  * **How Does Ether.Fi Work?**
  * **eETH Token Overview**
  * **ETHFI Token Overview**
  * **Benefits of Using Ether.fi**
  * **Ether.fi Comparison with Traditional Staking Methods**
  * **How to add ETHFI and eETH to Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Dive into the world of decentralized finance (DeFi) with an exploration of
Ether.fi, a staking protocol on the Ethereum network.

![What is Ether.fi?](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_ethfi_ca1fd64719.png&w=3840&q=75)

Ether.fi (ETHFI) has been generating widespread interest in the crypto space.
But what exactly is Ether.fi, and how does it work? In this article we’ll dive
into its principles, functionalities, and how eETH and ETHFI tokens work.

Before we get started, remember that you can easily manage
[Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) (ETH), eETH and ETHFI
using Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## Ether.fi Overview

[Ether.fi](http://Ether.fi) is a decentralized
[staking](https://trustwallet.com/staking) protocol built on the Ethereum
blockchain. It offers users the opportunity to stake their Ethereum (ETH)
holdings while retaining control over their private keys.

[Ether.fi](http://Ether.fi) provides native
[restaking](https://trustwallet.com/blog/eigenlayer-and-restaking-explained),
where staking rewards are automatically compounded to generate higher returns
over time. This feature helps users maximize their earnings without the need
for manual intervention. Ether.fi aims to make staking more accessible,
efficient, and decentralized within the Ethereum ecosystem.

### Ether.fi Key Features

One of the key features of Ether.fi is its liquid staking functionality.
Instead of locking up ETH for extended periods, users receive liquid tokens,
such as eETH (ether.fi Staked ETH), in return for their staked ETH. These
tokens represent the staked ETH and users can trade or use them in various
decentralized finance (DeFi) applications, providing greater flexibility and
liquidity.

![what-is-ethfi-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_ethfi_1_d47d02d5be.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How Does Ether.Fi Work?

Ether.fi allows users to stake their [Ethereum
(ETH)](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet) holdings while retaining
control over their private keys. Here's an overview of how Ether.fi works:

### Staking

Users can stake their ETH through the Ether.fi protocol. When users stake
their ETH, they receive an equivalent amount of liquid tokens, such as eETH,
in return.

### Liquid Staking

Ether.fi employs a liquid staking mechanism, allowing users to stake their ETH
without locking it up for extended periods. This facility provides users with
greater flexibility and liquidity, when compared to traditional staking
methods.

### Native Restaking

Ether.fi offers native restaking functionality, where staking rewards are
automatically compounded to generate higher returns over time. This automated
process helps users to maximize their earnings without the need for manual
intervention.

### Security

Ether.fi prioritizes security by enabling users to retain control over their
private keys. The protocol operates on the [Ethereum
blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-ethereum),
utilizing its security features and decentralized nature.

## eETH Token Overview

eETH is a natively restaked liquid staking token that fuels the Ether.Fi
protocol. When users stake their ETH through the Ether.fi protocol, they
receive an equivalent amount of eETH tokens in return. These tokens represent
the staked ETH and are liquid, meaning they can be traded or used in various
DeFi applications.

eETH tokens entitle holders to receive staking rewards generated by the
underlying staked ETH. These rewards are automatically compounded within the
Ether.fi protocol, maximizing the earnings potential for eETH holders over
time.

The eETH token gives users a flexible and efficient way to stake their ETH
within the Ether.fi protocol, while maintaining liquidity and participating in
DeFi activities.

## ETHFI Token Overview

ETHFI (ETHFI) serves as the governance token driving the ether.fi network, a
decentralized, non-custodial delegated Ethereum staking protocol. With ETHFI,
community members gain the ability to manage crucial aspects of the protocol
and influence the growth strategy of weETH, the wrapped non-rebasing version
of ether.fi’s Liquid Restaking token eETH. As the governance token for both
eETH and weETH holders, ETHFI empowers users to shape the trajectory of the
protocol.

## Benefits of Using Ether.fi

Ether.fi offers several compelling benefits for users looking to participate
in decentralized staking on the Ethereum blockchain, including:

### Potential Returns from Staking

By staking their Ethereum (ETH) holdings through the Ether.fi protocol, users
have the opportunity to earn staking rewards. Validators participating in the
network generate these rewards, distributing them to stakers based on their
contributions.

### Liquidity of Assets

Unlike traditional staking methods that lock up assets for extended periods,
Ether.fi gives users liquid tokens, such as eETH, in exchange for their staked
ETH. These tokens can be traded or used in various decentralized finance
(DeFi) applications, allowing users to maintain liquidity while still earning
rewards.

### Participation in Governance

As a governance-driven protocol, Ether.fi enables users to actively
participate in governance decisions that shape the future of the protocol. By
holding ETHFI tokens, users can vote on proposals, upgrades, or changes to
parameters, ensuring a decentralized and community-driven governance model.

## Ether.fi Comparison with Traditional Staking Methods

Ether.fi's approach to staking differs from traditional staking methods.
Here's how:

  * **Liquidity and flexibility:** While traditional staking methods often require users to lock up their assets for extended periods, Ether.fi provides liquid tokens in exchange for staked ETH. This liquidity allows users to trade or use their assets in DeFi applications while still earning staking rewards.

  * **Automated restaking:** Ether.fi offers native restaking functionality, where staking rewards are automatically compounded to generate higher returns over time. This automated process eliminates the need for manual intervention and ensures optimal earnings for users.

  * **Community governance:** Unlike centralized staking platforms, Ether.fi adopts a decentralized governance model. ETHFI token holders have the power to participate in governance decisions, ensuring a more inclusive and democratic approach to protocol management.

By leveraging these differences, Ether.fi aims to make staking more
accessible, efficient, and decentralized for users within the Ethereum
ecosystem.

## How to add ETHFI and eETH to Trust Wallet

Did you know, you can import any token into your Trust Wallet? Here’s how:

  * **Step 1:** Open the Trust Wallet mobile app.

  * **Step 2:** Click on the “manage crypto” icon on the top right of your screen.

  * **Step 3:** Tap the “+” icon on the top right of your screen.

  * **Step 4:** Select the Ethereum network.

  * **Step 5:** Paste the correct contract address (0x35fA164735182de50811E8e2E824cFb9B6118ac2 for eETH and 0xFe0c30065B384F05761f15d0CC899D4F9F9Cc0eB for ETHFI)

  * **Step 6:** Click “import.”

![what-is-ethfi-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fwhat_is_ethfi_2_f197646c68.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to eETH, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

