Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Data and analytics

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), April
26, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Introduction
  * Prerequisites
  * Block explorers
  * The Graph
  * Client diversity
  * Dune Analytics
  * SubQuery Network
  * Ethernow - Mempool Data Program
  * Further Reading

## Introduction

As utilization of the network continues to grow, an increasing amount of
valuable information will exist in the on-chain data. As the volume of data
rapidly increases, calculating and aggregating this information to report upon
or drive a dapp can become a time and process heavy endeavor.

Leveraging existing data providers can expedite development, produce more
accurate results, and reduce ongoing maintenance efforts. This will enable a
team to concentrate on the core functionality their project is trying to
provide.

## Prerequisites

You should understand the basic concept of [Block
Explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/) in order
to better understand using them in the data analytics context. In addition,
familiarize yourself with the concept of an _index_ to understand the benefits
they add to a system design.

In terms of architectural fundamentals, understanding what an [API(opens in a
new tab)](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/API) and [REST(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer) are,
even in theory.

## Block explorers

Many [Block Explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-
explorers/) offer [RESTful(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/Representational_state_transfer)
[API(opens in a new tab)](https://www.wikipedia.org/wiki/API) gateways that
will provide developers visibility into real-time data on blocks,
transactions, miners, accounts, and other on-chain activity.

Developers can then process and transform this data to give their users unique
insights and interactions with the _blockchain_. For example, [Etherscan(opens
in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io) provides execution and consensus data for
every 12s slot.

## The Graph

The [Graph Network(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/) is a
decentralized indexing protocol for organizing blockchain data. Instead of
building and managing off-chain and centralized data stores to aggregate on-
chain data, with The Graph, developers can build serverless applications that
run entirely on public infrastructure.

Using [GraphQL(opens in a new tab)](https://graphql.org/), developers can
query any of the curated open APIs, known as sub-graphs, to acquire the
necessary information they need to drive their dapp. By querying these indexed
sub-graphs, Reports and dapps not only get performance and scalability
benefits but also the built in accuracy provided by network consensus. As new
improvements and/or sub-graphs are added to the network, your projects can
rapidly iterate to take advantage of these enhancements.

## Client diversity

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/) is
important for the overall health of the Ethereum network because it provides
resilience to bugs and exploits. There are now several client diversity
dashboards including [clientdiversity.org(opens in a new
tab)](https://clientdiversity.org/), [rated.network(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.rated.network), [supermajority.info(opens in a new
tab)](https://supermajority.info//) and [Ethernodes(opens in a new
tab)](https://ethernodes.org/).

## Dune Analytics

[Dune Analytics(opens in a new tab)](https://dune.com/) pre-processes
blockchain data into relational database (PostgreSQL and DatabricksSQL)
tables, allows users to query blockchain data using SQL and build dashboards
based on query results. On-chain data are organized into 4 raw tables:
`blocks`, `transactions`, (event) `logs` and (call) `traces`. Popular
contracts and protocols have been decoded, and each has its own set of event
and call tables. Those event and call tables are processed further and
organized into abstraction tables by the type of protocols, for example, dex,
lending, stablecoins, etc.

## SubQuery Network

[SubQuery(opens in a new tab)](https://subquery.network/) is a leading data
indexer that gives developers fast, reliable, decentralized, and customized
APIs for their web3 projects. SubQuery empower developers from over 165+
ecosystems (including Ethereum) with rich indexed data to build an intuitive
and immersive experiences for their users. The SubQuery Network powers your
unstoppable apps with a resilient and decentralized infrastructure network.
Use SubQuery's blockchain developer toolkit to build the web3 applications of
the future, without spending time building a custom backend for data
processing activities.

To start, visit the [Ethereum quick start guide(opens in a new
tab)](https://academy.subquery.network/quickstart/quickstart_chains/ethereum-
gravatar.html) to start indexing Ethereum blockchain data in minutes in a
local Docker environment for testing before going live on a [SubQuery's
managed service(opens in a new tab)](https://managedservice.subquery.network/)
or on [SubQuery's decentralised network(opens in a new
tab)](https://app.subquery.network/dashboard).

## Ethernow - Mempool Data Program

[Blocknative(opens in a new tab)](https://www.blocknative.com/) provides open
access to its Ethereum historical [mempool data archive(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.ethernow.xyz/mempool-data-archive). This enables researchers
and community good projects to explore the pre-chain layer of Ethereum
Mainnet. The data set is actively maintained and represents the most
comprehensive historical record of mempool transaction events within the
Ethereum ecosystem. Learn more at [Ethernow(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.ethernow.xyz/).

## Further Reading

  * [Graph Network Overview(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/docs/en/about/network/)
  * [Graph Query Playground(opens in a new tab)](https://thegraph.com/explorer/subgraph/graphprotocol/graph-network-mainnet?version=current)
  * [API code examples on EtherScan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/apis#contracts)
  * [Beaconcha.in Beacon Chain explorer(opens in a new tab)](https://beaconcha.in)
  * [Dune Basics(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.dune.com/#dune-basics)
  * [SubQuery Ethereum Quick Start Guide(opens in a new tab)](https://academy.subquery.network/indexer/quickstart/quickstart_chains/ethereum-gravatar.html)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Introduction
    * Prerequisites
    * Block explorers
    * The Graph
    * Client diversity
    * Dune Analytics
    * SubQuery Network
    * Ethernow - Mempool Data Program
    * Further Reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Index

A network structure meant to optimize the querying of information from across
the [blockchain](/en/glossary/#blockchain) by providing an efficient path to
its storage source.

### Blockchain

A blockchain is a database of transactions, duplicated and shared on all
computers in the network, ensuring data cannot be altered retroactively.

