[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1hY2FkZW15LXBhcnRuZXJzLXdpdGgtbGVhZGluZy1ldXJvcGVhbi1zY2hvb2xzLXRvLW9mZmVyLXVuaXZlcnNpdHlhY2NyZWRpdGVkLXdlYjMtY291cnNlcy0yODE4MTA0MDg5NDEyMDkyMzQ1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1hY2FkZW15LXBhcnRuZXJzLXdpdGgtbGVhZGluZy1ldXJvcGVhbi1zY2hvb2xzLXRvLW9mZmVyLXVuaXZlcnNpdHlhY2NyZWRpdGVkLXdlYjMtY291cnNlcy0yODE4MTA0MDg5NDEyMDkyMzQ1P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Academy Partners with Leading European Schools to Offer University-
Accredited Web3 Courses

2024-04-16

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Academy has collaborated with prestigious European educational institutions to launch a series of university-accredited courses covering key disciplines and topics of blockchain and Web3, thus broadening the reach of high-quality blockchain education.

  * The universities involved in this partnership include the European Business University in Luxembourg, and ESCP Business School. Renowned professors teaching blockchain and Web3 courses participated in designing and recording the material.

  * The course fees have been set at an accessible price to ensure maximum reach, with co-branded certificates awarded upon course completion.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240411/a1e080a6-95b3-4a71-a599-55f1d21ce7ce)

[_Binance Academy_](https://academy.binance.com/) , the crypto learning hub of
Binance, has partnered with leading European educational institutions to
launch a series of paid university-accredited courses. Their curricula will
cover key topics and disciplines of blockchain and Web3, offering learners a
deep understanding of the digital-asset space.

By offering these programs together with renowned business schools across
Europe and engaging reputed academics, Binance Academy is hoping to massively
expand the reach of its educational efforts and help even more students learn
about blockchain technology. The university partners are the European Business
University (EBU) in Luxembourg, and ESCP Business School, which has various
locations across Europe, including Madrid and Turin.

## From Fundamentals to Advanced Solutions

The courses have been designed and recorded in partnership with professors
already teaching crypto and blockchain-related courses on European university
campuses.

The course offered in partnership with Luxembourg’s European Business
University (EBU) was designed alongside the University’s President and
Academic Dean, Dr. James Mulli. Throughout 7 weeks of study, [_Blockchain and
P2P Fundamentals_](https://academy.binance.com/en/track/blockchain-
and-p2p-fundamentals) will cover blockchain’s wide-ranging applications across
industries, structured into modules like Trading & Mining Digital
Cryptocurrencies, Smart Contract Creation, CBDCs & Crypto Regulation, and
more. Learners will discover blockchain's practical use cases in sectors
ranging from asset management to insurance, cross-border payments, supply
chain management, healthcare, and others.

ESCP Business School will offer a 4-week program created with Dr. Marcus
Schmalbach, professor for Blockchain & AI. The course, titled [_Blockchain
Mastery: From Fundamentals to Advanced Corporate
Solutions_](https://academy.binance.com/en/track/blockchain-mastery-from-
fundamentals-to-advanced-corporate-solutions) , will offer participants a
holistic overview of the digital assets landscape and their implications for
both businesses and investors. Students will explore topics ranging from the
inception of Bitcoin to unpacking blockchain consensus mechanisms,
decentralized finance (DeFi), tokenomics, and smart contracts.

## Focus on Accessibility

Binance's main goal in this effort is to ensure the widest possible access to
high-quality blockchain knowledge.

Binance Co-Founder Yi He said: “We're thrilled to join hands with prestigious
European universities in delivering university-accredited Web3 courses.
Education plays a pivotal role in advancing adoption and fostering
opportunities as these technologies redefine our future and global economic
landscape. Our commitment to accessibility aligns with our user-centric
principles, driving financial inclusivity and sustainable innovation as we
champion growth within the broader ecosystem.”

To make the courses accessible to a wide range of learners, the price of
enrollment is set at 10 USDT, with a promotional price of 4 USDT at launch.
Upon completion of each course, participants will be awarded a co-branded
certificate from the university and Binance Academy.

## Further Reading

  * [ _Binance Academy Teams Up with BNB Chain to Introduce a Tailored Developer Education Program_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/boosting-financial-literacy-and-equality-binance-and-wtech-take-web3-education-for-women-to-the-earthquake-zone-463766562688347875)

  * [ _Boosting Financial Literacy and Equality: Binance and WTech Take Web3 Education For Women to the Earthquake Zone_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/boosting-financial-literacy-and-equality-binance-and-wtech-take-web3-education-for-women-to-the-earthquake-zone-463766562688347875)

  * [ _Binance Academy and Blockchain Center to Educate Over a Million Students Globally by 2026_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/binance-academy-and-blockchain-center-to-educate-over-a-million-students-globally-by-2026-988442039799527620)

195,027,182 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Academy Partners with Leading European Schools to Offer University-
Accredited Web3 Courses

Main Takeaways

From Fundamentals to Advanced Solutions

Focus on Accessibility

Further Reading

195,027,182 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

