Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# Stablecoins

## Digital money for everyday use

Stablecoins are Ethereum tokens designed to stay at a fixed value, even when
the price of ETH changes.

  * Get stablecoins
  * How they work

![The three biggest stablecoins by market cap: Dai, USDC, and
Tether.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fhero.c9c85da0.png&w=1920&q=75)

## Why stablecoins?

Stablecoins are cryptocurrencies without the volatility. They share a lot of
the same powers as ETH but their value is steady, more like a traditional
currency. So you have access to stable money that you can use on Ethereum.
How stablecoins get their stability

Stablecoins are global, and can be sent over the internet. They're easy to
receive or send once you have an _Ethereum account_.

Demand for stablecoins is high, so you can earn interest for lending yours.
Make sure you're aware of the risks before lending.

Stablecoins are exchangeable for ETH and other Ethereum tokens. Lots of
_dapps_ rely on stablecoins.

Stablecoins are secured by _cryptography_. No one can forge transactions on
your behalf.

### The infamous Bitcoin pizza

In 2010, someone bought 2 pizzas for 10,000 bitcoin. At the time these were
worth ~$41 USD. In today’s market that’s millions of dollars. There are many
similar regretful transactions in Ethereum’s history. Stablecoins solve this
problem, so you can enjoy your pizza and hold on to your ETH.

## Find a stablecoin

There are hundreds of stablecoins available. Here are some to help you get
started. If you're new to Ethereum, we recommend doing some research first.

  * Different stablecoin types
  * How to get stablecoins

### Editors' choices

These are probably the best-known examples of stablecoins right now and the
coins we've found useful when using dapps.

## Dai

Dai is probably the most famous decentralized stablecoin. Its value is roughly
a dollar and it’s accepted widely across dapps.

[Swap ETH for Dai(opens in a new
tab)](https://matcha.xyz/tokens/ethereum/0x6b175474e89094c44da98b954eedeac495271d0f?sellChain=1&sellAddress=0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee)

[Learn about Dai(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/price/dai#WhatIsDaiDAI)

![The Dai logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdai-
large.f90318ea.png&w=1200&q=75)

## USDC

USDC is probably the most famous fiat-backed stablecoin. Its value is roughly
a dollar and it’s backed by Circle and Coinbase.

[Swap ETH for USDC(opens in a new
tab)](https://matcha.xyz/tokens/ethereum/0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48?sellChain=1&sellAddress=0xeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee)

[Learn about USDC(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/usdc)

![The USDC logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fusdc-
large.ae33ac94.png&w=1200&q=75)

### Top stablecoins by market capitalisation

Algorithmic stablecoins are experimental technology. You should be aware of
the risks before using them.

Market capitalisation is the total number of tokens that exist multiplied by
the value per token. This list is dynamic and the projects listed here are not
necessarily endorsed by the ethereum.org team.

Currency| Market capitalization| Collateral type| ↗  
---|---|---|---  
![](https://assets.coingecko.com/coins/images/325/large/Tether.png?1696501661)Tether|
$111,621,520,773| Fiat| [Go to Tether(opens in a new tab)](https://tether.to/)  
![](https://assets.coingecko.com/coins/images/6319/large/usdc.png?1696506694)USDC|
$32,850,194,704| Fiat| [Go to USDC(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/usdc)  
![](https://assets.coingecko.com/coins/images/9956/large/Badge_Dai.png?1696509996)Dai|
$5,302,655,253| Crypto| [Go to Dai(opens in a new
tab)](https://makerdao.com/en/)  
![](https://assets.coingecko.com/coins/images/13422/large/FRAX_icon.png?1696513182)Frax|
$648,230,823| Algorithmic| [Go to Frax(opens in a new
tab)](https://frax.finance/)  
![](https://assets.coingecko.com/coins/images/3449/large/tusd.png?1696504140)TrueUSD|
$508,186,129| Fiat| [Go to TrueUSD(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.trusttoken.com/trueusd)  
  
## How to get stablecoins

### Swap

Recommended

You can pick up most stablecoins on decentralized exchanges. So you can swap
any tokens you might have for a stablecoin you want.

More

#### What you'll need

[An Ethereum wallet](/en/wallets/)

You’ll need a wallet to authorise the swap and store your coins

[Ether (ETH)](/en/get-eth/)

To pay for the swap

## Editors' tip

Get yourself a wallet that will let you buy ETH and swap it for tokens,
including stablecoins, directly.

[Find wallets](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)

#### Dapps for swapping tokens

If you’ve already got ETH and a _wallet_ , you can use these dapps to swap for
stablecoins. [More on decentralized exchanges](/en/get-eth/#dex)

![Uniswap
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Funi.46d23238.png&w=48&q=75)

[Uniswap(opens in a new tab)](https://uniswap.org)

↗

![Loopring
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Floopring.df5cb24f.png&w=48&q=75)

[Loopring(opens in a new tab)](https://loopring.io/#/pro)

↗

![1inch
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2F1inch.843ff8de.png&w=48&q=75)

[1inch(opens in a new tab)](https://app.1inch.io)

↗

![Matcha
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fmatcha.24f71016.png&w=48&q=75)

[Matcha(opens in a new tab)](https://matcha.xyz)

↗

### Buy

A lot of exchanges and wallets let you buy stablecoins directly. Geographical
restrictions will apply.

More

#### What you'll need

An account with an exchange or a wallet you can buy crypto from directly. You
may have already used one to get some ETH. Check to see which services you can
use where you live.

[Crypto exchanges and wallets](/en/get-eth/)

Check the services you can use where you live

Centralized exchanges may only list fiat-backed stablecoins like USDC, Tether,
and others. You may not be able to buy them directly, but you should be able
to exchange them from ETH or other cryptocurrencies that you can buy on the
platform.

#### Popular exchanges

![Coinbase
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcoinbase.0885fa40.png&w=48&q=75)

[Coinbase(opens in a new tab)](https://coinbase.com)

↗

![Gemini
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fgemini.9755a30f.png&w=48&q=75)

[Gemini(opens in a new tab)](https://gemini.com)

↗

![kraken-
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fkraken.3416c714.png&w=48&q=75)

[Kraken(opens in a new tab)](https://kraken.com)

↗

![Coinmama
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcoinmama.250ee6d7.png&w=48&q=75)

[Coinmama(opens in a new tab)](https://coinmama.com)

↗

![Binance
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fbinance.75ca9153.png&w=48&q=75)

[Binance(opens in a new tab)](https://binance.com)

↗

### Earn

You can earn stablecoins by working on projects within the Ethereum ecosystem.

More

#### What you'll need

Stablecoins are a great method of payment for work and services because the
value is stable. But you'll need a wallet to be paid.

[An Ethereum wallet](/en/wallets/)

You’ll need a wallet to receive your earned stablecoins

#### Where to earn stablecoins

These are platforms that will pay you in stablecoins for your work.

![Gitcoin
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fgitcoin.02f066b4.png&w=48&q=75)

[Gitcoin bounties(opens in a new tab)](https://gitcoin.co/explorer)

Mostly technical work for the open-source software movement.

↗

![ethereum-
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Ffavicon.a9fa60d0.png&w=48&q=75)

[Consensus layer bug bounties](/en/bug-bounty/)

When you really know your stuff, find bugs to earn Dai.

### Borrow

Advanced

You can borrow some stablecoins by using crypto as collateral, which you have
to pay back.

More

#### What you'll need

To borrow stablecoins you'll need to use the right dapp. You'll also need a
wallet and some ETH.

[An Ethereum wallet](/en/wallets/)

You’ll need a wallet to use a dapp

[Ether (ETH)](/en/get-eth/)

You'll need ETH for collateral and/or transaction fees

#### Crypto collateral

With Ethereum you can borrow directly from other users without trading away
your ETH. This can give you leverage – some do this to try to accumulate more
ETH. More on crypto-backed stablecoins

But because ETH’s price is volatile, you’ll need to overcollateralise. That
means if you want to borrow 100 stablecoins you’ll probably need at least $150
worth of ETH. This protects the system and the lenders.

#### Places to borrow stablecoins

These dapps let you borrow stablecoins using crypto as collateral. Some accept
other tokens as well as ETH.

![Compound
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcompound.9ec7188b.png&w=48&q=75)

[Compound(opens in a new tab)](https://compound.finance)

↗

![Aave
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Faave.df2c4fff.png&w=48&q=75)

[Aave(opens in a new tab)](https://aave.com)

↗

![Summer.fi
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsummerfi.edaf16b0.png&w=48&q=75)

[Summer.fi(opens in a new tab)](https://summer.fi/)

↗

#### Risks

If you use ETH as collateral and its value drops, your collateral won’t cover
the stablecoins you generated. This will cause your ETH to liquidate and you
may face a penalty. So if you borrow stablecoins you’ll need to watch the ETH
price. [Latest ETH price](/en/eth/)

![Illustration of a doge.](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=1200&q=75)

## Use your stablecoins

Check out Ethereum’s dapps – stablecoins are often more useful for everyday
transactions.

[Explore dapps](/en/dapps/)[More on decentralized finance (DeFi)](/en/defi/)

## Save with stablecoins

Stablecoins often have an above-average interest rate because there’s a lot of
demand for borrowing them. There are dapps that let you earn interest on your
stablecoins in real time by depositing them into a lending pool. Just like in
the banking world, you're supplying tokens for borrowers but you can withdraw
your tokens and your interest at any time.

### Interest-earning dapps

Put your stablecoin savings to good use and earn some interest. Like
everything in crypto, the predicted Annual Percentage Yields (APY) can change
day-to-day dependent on real-time supply/demand.

0.05%

_The average rate paid by banks on basic, federally insured savings accounts,
USA. [Source(opens in a new tab)](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/09/18/your-
money/savings-interest-rates.html)_

![Aave
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Faave.fdba5bae.png&w=1920&q=75)

### [Aave](https://aave.com)

Markets for lots of stablecoins, including Dai, USDC, TUSD, USDT, and more.

![Compound
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fcompound.1791890d.png&w=640&q=75)

### [Compound](https://compound.finance)

Lend stablecoins and earn interest and $COMP, Compound's own token.

![Summer.fi
logo](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fsummerfi.edaf16b0.png&w=1920&q=75)

### [Summer.fi](https://summer.fi/)

An app designed for saving Dai.

## How they work: types of stablecoin

### Always do your own research

Algorithmic stablecoins are experimental technology. You should be aware of
the risks before using them.

### Fiat backed

Basically an IOU (I owe you) for a traditional fiat currency (usually
dollars). You use your fiat currency to purchase a stablecoin that you can
later cash-in and redeem for your original currency.

#### Pros

  * Safe against crypto volatility.
  * Changes in price are minimal.

#### Cons

  * Centralized – someone must issue the tokens.
  * Requires auditing to ensure company has sufficient reserves.

#### Example projects

  * [USDC(opens in a new tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/usdc)
  * [TrueUSD(opens in a new tab)](https://www.trusttoken.com/trueusd)

### Crypto backed

### Precious metals

### Algorithmic

## Learn more about stablecoins

### Dashboard & Education

  * ![Stablecoins.wtf](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fstablecoinswtf.5d00caa7.png&w=256&q=75)

Stablecoins.wtf

Stablecoins.wtf offers a dashboard with historical market data, statistics,
and educational content for the most prominent stablecoins.

[Goto Stablecoins.wtf website(opens in a new tab)](https://stablecoins.wtf)

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Account

An Ethereum account is a digital identity on the Ethereum blockchain, allowing
users to send, receive Ether or other digital assets, and interact with smart
contracts.

### Dapp

A dApp is a decentralized application that runs on a blockchain network,
offering services without a central controlling authority. [More on
decentralized applications](/en/dapps/).

### Cryptography

It is the practice of making communication private and secure so that only
those for whom the information is intended can read it.

Data source: [coingecko.com(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coingecko.com/en/api)

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

