Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Guides](/en/guides/)/
  3. [How to bridge tokens to layer 2](/en/guides/how-to-use-a-bridge/)

Page last updated: December 8, 2023

On this page

  * 1\. Determine which layer 2 network you want to use
  * 2\. Go to the selected bridge
  * 3\. Connect to the bridge with your wallet
  * 4\. Specify the amount and move the funds
  * 5\. Confirm the transaction in your wallet
  * 6\. Wait for your funds to be moved
  * 7\. Add the selected layer 2 network to your wallet (optional)
  * Frequently asked questions
    * What if I have funds on an exchange?
    * Can I go back to Ethereum mainnet after I bridge my tokens to L2?

# How to bridge tokens to layer 2

If there is a lot of traffic on Ethereum, it can become expensive. One
solution to this is to create new "layers": i.e. different networks which
operate in similar ways to Ethereum itself. These so-called Layer 2s help
reduce congestion and cost on Ethereum by processing many more transactions at
lower fees, and only storing the result of these on Ethereum every so often.
As such, these layers 2s enable us to transact with increased speed and
decreased costs. Many popular crypto projects are moving to layer 2s because
of these benefits. The simplest way to move tokens from Ethereum to layer 2 is
to use a bridge.

**Prerequisite:**

  * have a crypto wallet, you can follow this tutorial: [How to: "Register" an Ethereum account](/en/guides/how-to-create-an-ethereum-account/)
  * add funds to your wallet

## 1\. Determine which layer 2 network you want to use

You can learn more about the different projects and important links on our
[layer 2 page](/en/layer-2/).

## 2\. Go to the selected bridge

Some popular layer 2s are:

  * [Arbitrum bridge(opens in a new tab)](https://bridge.arbitrum.io/?l2ChainId=42161)
  * [Optimism bridge(opens in a new tab)](https://app.optimism.io/bridge/deposit)
  * [Boba network bridge(opens in a new tab)](https://gateway.boba.network/)

## 3\. Connect to the bridge with your wallet

Make sure your wallet is connected to the Ethereum Mainnet network. If it is
not, the website will automatically prompt you to switch networks.

[![Common interface for bridging
tokens](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-to-use-a-
bridge%2Fbridge1.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-use-a-
bridge/bridge1.png)

## 4\. Specify the amount and move the funds

Review the amount that you will get in return on the layer 2 network and the
fees to avoid unpleasant surprises.

[![Common interface for bridging
tokens](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-to-use-a-
bridge%2Fbridge2.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-use-a-
bridge/bridge2.png)

## 5\. Confirm the transaction in your wallet

You will have to pay a fee in form of ETH for processing the transaction.

[![Common interface for bridging
tokens](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fguides%2Fhow-to-use-a-
bridge%2Fbridge3.png&w=1080&q=75)](/content/guides/how-to-use-a-
bridge/bridge3.png)

## 6\. Wait for your funds to be moved

This process should not take more than 10 minutes.

## 7\. Add the selected layer 2 network to your wallet (optional)

You can use [chainlist.org(opens in a new tab)](http://chainlist.org) to find
the network's RPC details. Once the network is added and transaction finished,
you should see the tokens in your wallet.

  

![üëÄ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f440.svg)

Want to learn more?

[See our other guides](/en/guides/)

## Frequently asked questions

### What if I have funds on an exchange?

You might be able to withdraw to some layer 2s directly from an exchange.
Check out ‚ÄúMove to layer 2‚Äù section of our [Layer 2 page](/en/layer-2/) for
more information.

### Can I go back to Ethereum mainnet after I bridge my tokens to L2?

Yes, you can always move your funds back to the mainnet using the same bridge.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/guides/how-to-use-a-bridge/index.md)
  * On this page

    * 1\. Determine which layer 2 network you want to use
    * 2\. Go to the selected bridge
    * 3\. Connect to the bridge with your wallet
    * 4\. Specify the amount and move the funds
    * 5\. Confirm the transaction in your wallet
    * 6\. Wait for your funds to be moved
    * 7\. Add the selected layer 2 network to your wallet (optional)
    * Frequently asked questions
      * What if I have funds on an exchange?
      * Can I go back to Ethereum mainnet after I bridge my tokens to L2?

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

