Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Scaling

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
May 7, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Scaling overview
  * Prerequisites
  * On-Chain scaling
    * Sharding
  * Off-chain scaling
    * Layer 2 scaling
      * Why is layer 2 needed?
      * Rollups
      * State channels
    * Sidechains
    * Plasma
    * Validium
  * Why are so many scaling solutions needed?
  * More of a visual learner?
  * Further reading

## Scaling overview

As the number of people using Ethereum has grown, the blockchain has reached
certain capacity limitations. This has driven up the cost of using the
network, creating the need for "scaling solutions." There are multiple
solutions being researched, tested and implemented that take different
approaches to achieve similar goals.

The main goal of scalability is to increase transaction speed (faster
finality) and transaction throughput (higher number of transactions per
second) without sacrificing decentralization or security (more on the
[Ethereum vision](/en/roadmap/vision/)). On the layer 1 Ethereum blockchain,
high demand leads to slower transactions and nonviable [gas
prices](/en/developers/docs/gas/). Increasing the network capacity in terms of
speed and throughput is fundamental to the meaningful and mass adoption of
Ethereum.

While speed and throughput are important, it is essential that scaling
solutions enabling these goals remain decentralized and secure. Keeping the
barrier to entry low for node operators is critical in preventing a
progression towards centralized and insecure computing power.

Conceptually we first categorize scaling as either on-chain scaling or off-
chain scaling.

## Prerequisites

You should have a good understanding of all the foundational topics.
Implementing scaling solutions is advanced as the technology is less battle-
tested, and continues to be researched and developed.

## On-Chain scaling

On-chain scaling requires changes to the Ethereum protocol (layer 1
_Mainnet_). For a long time, sharding the blockchain was expected to scale
Ethereum. This was going to involve splitting the blockchain into discrete
pieces (shards) to be verified by subsets of validators. However, scaling by
layer-2 rollups has taken over as the primary scaling technique. This is
supported by the addition of a new cheaper form of data attached to Ethereum
blocks that is specially designed to make rollups cheap for users.

### Sharding

Sharding is the process of splitting a database. Subsets of validators would
be responsible for individual shards rather than keeping track of all of
Ethereum. Sharding was on the Ethereum [roadmap](/en/roadmap/) for a long
time, and was once intended to be shipped before The Merge to proof-of-stake.
However, the rapid development of layer 2 rollups and the invention of
[Danksharding](/en/roadmap/danksharding/) (adding blobs of rollup data to
Ethereum blocks that can be very efficiently verified by validators) has led
the Ethereum community to favour rollup-centric scaling instead of scaling by
sharding. This will also help to keep Ethereum's consensus logic simpler.

## Off-chain scaling

Off-chain solutions are implemented separately from layer 1 Mainnet - they
require no changes to the existing Ethereum protocol. Some solutions, known as
"layer 2" solutions, derive their security directly from layer 1 Ethereum
consensus, such as [optimistic
rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/), [zero-knowledge
rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/) or [state
channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/). Other solutions
involve the creation of new chains in various forms that derive their security
separately from Mainnet, such as sidechains, validiums, or plasma chains.
These solutions communicate with Mainnet but derive their security differently
to obtain a variety of goals.

### Layer 2 scaling

This category of off-chain solutions derives its security from Mainnet
Ethereum.

Layer 2 is a collective term for solutions designed to help scale your
application by handling transactions off the Ethereum Mainnet (layer 1) while
taking advantage of the robust decentralized security model of Mainnet.
Transaction speed suffers when the network is busy, making the user experience
poor for certain types of dapps. And as the network gets busier, gas prices
increase as transaction senders aim to outbid each other. This can make using
Ethereum very expensive.

Most layer 2 solutions are centered around a server or cluster of servers,
each of which may be referred to as a node, validator, operator, sequencer,
block producer, or similar term. Depending on the implementation, these layer
2 nodes may be run by the individuals, businesses or entities that use them,
or by a 3rd party operator, or by a large group of individuals (similar to
Mainnet). Generally speaking, transactions are submitted to these layer 2
nodes instead of being submitted directly to layer 1 (Mainnet). For some
solutions the layer 2 instance then batches them into groups before anchoring
them to layer 1, after which they are secured by layer 1 and cannot be
altered. The details of how this is done vary significantly between different
layer 2 technologies and implementations.

A specific layer 2 instance may be open and shared by many applications, or
may be deployed by one project and dedicated to supporting only their
application.

#### Why is layer 2 needed?

  * Increased transactions per second greatly improves user experience, and reduces network congestion on Mainnet Ethereum.
  * Transactions are rolled up into a single transaction to Mainnet Ethereum, reducing gas fees for users and making Ethereum more inclusive and accessible for people everywhere.
  * Any updates to scalability should not be at the expense of decentralization or security – layer 2 builds on top of Ethereum.
  * There are application-specific layer 2 networks that bring their own set of efficiencies when working with assets at scale.

[More on layer 2](/en/layer-2/).

#### Rollups

Rollups perform transaction execution outside layer 1 and then the data is
posted to layer 1 where consensus is reached. As transaction data is included
in layer 1 blocks, this allows rollups to be secured by native Ethereum
security.

There are two types of rollups with different security models:

  * **Optimistic rollups** : assumes transactions are valid by default and only runs computation, via a _**fraud proof**_ , in the event of a challenge. [More on Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/).
  * **Zero-knowledge rollups** : runs computation off-chain and submits a _**validity proof**_ to the chain. [More on zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/).

#### State channels

State channels utilize multisig contracts to enable participants to transact
quickly and freely off-chain, then settle finality with Mainnet. This
minimizes network congestion, fees, and delays. The two types of channels are
currently state channels and payment channels.

Learn more about [state channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-
channels/).

### Sidechains

A sidechain is an independent EVM-compatible blockchain that runs in parallel
to Mainnet. These are compatible with Ethereum via two-way bridges and run
under their own chosen rules of consensus and block parameters.

Learn more about [Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/).

### Plasma

A plasma chain is a separate blockchain that is anchored to the main Ethereum
chain and uses fraud proofs (like [optimistic
rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)) to arbitrate
disputes.

Learn more about [Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/).

### Validium

A Validium chain uses validity proofs like zero-knowledge rollups but data is
not stored on the main layer 1 Ethereum chain. This can lead to 10k
transactions per second per Validium chain and multiple chains can be run in
parallel.

Learn more about [Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/).

## Why are so many scaling solutions needed?

  * Multiple solutions can help reduce the overall congestion on any one part of the network and also prevent single points of failure.
  * The whole is greater than the sum of its parts. Different solutions can exist and work in harmony, allowing for an exponential effect on future transaction speed and throughput.
  * Not all solutions require utilizing the Ethereum consensus algorithm directly, and alternatives can offer benefits that would otherwise be difficult to obtain.
  * No one scaling solution is enough to fulfill the [Ethereum vision](/en/roadmap/vision/).

## More of a visual learner?

_Note the explanation in the video uses the term "Layer 2" to refer to all
off-chain scaling solutions, while we differentiate "Layer 2" as an off-chain
solution that derives its security through layer 1 Mainnet consensus._

## Further reading

  * [A rollup-centric Ethereum roadmap(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum-magicians.org/t/a-rollup-centric-ethereum-roadmap/4698) _Vitalik Buterin_
  * [Up-to-date analytics on Layer 2 scaling solutions for Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://www.l2beat.com/)
  * [Evaluating Ethereum layer 2 Scaling Solutions: A Comparison Framework(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/matter-labs/evaluating-ethereum-l2-scaling-solutions-a-comparison-framework-b6b2f410f955)
  * [An Incomplete Guide to Rollups(opens in a new tab)](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2021/01/05/rollup.html)
  * [Ethereum-powered ZK-Rollups: World Beaters(opens in a new tab)](https://hackmd.io/@canti/rkUT0BD8K)
  * [Optimistic Rollups vs ZK Rollups(opens in a new tab)](https://limechain.tech/blog/optimistic-rollups-vs-zk-rollups/)
  * [Zero-Knowledge Blockchain Scalability(opens in a new tab)](https://ethworks.io/assets/download/zero-knowledge-blockchain-scaling-ethworks.pdf)
  * [Why rollups + data shards are the only sustainable solution for high scalability(opens in a new tab)](https://polynya.medium.com/why-rollups-data-shards-are-the-only-sustainable-solution-for-high-scalability-c9aabd6fbb48)
  * [What kind of Layer 3s make sense?(opens in a new tab)](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2022/09/17/layer_3.html)
  * [Data Availability Or: How Rollups Learned To Stop Worrying And Love Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum2077.substack.com/p/data-availability-in-ethereum-rollups)

_Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/scaling/#rollups/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Scaling overview
    * Prerequisites
    * On-Chain scaling
      * Sharding
    * Off-chain scaling
      * Layer 2 scaling
        * Why is layer 2 needed?
        * Rollups
        * State channels
      * Sidechains
      * Plasma
      * Validium
    * Why are so many scaling solutions needed?
    * More of a visual learner?
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Mainnet

Short for "main network," this is the main public Ethereum
[blockchain](/en/glossary/#blockchain).

### Fraud proof

A security model for certain [layer 2](/en/glossary/#layer-2) solutions where,
to increase speed, transactions are [rolled up](/en/glossary/#rollups) into
batches and submitted to Ethereum in a single transaction. Other network
participants can re-execute the transactions to check that they were executed
honestly. If they uncover a discrepancy between the posted data and their own
version they can post a cryptographic proof that demonstrates where some fraud
took place. Some [rollups](/en/glossary/#rollups) use [validity
proofs](/en/glossary/#validity-proof).

### Validity proof

A security model for certain [layer 2](/en/glossary/#layer-2) solutions where,
to increase speed, transactions are rolled up into batches and submitted to
Ethereum in a single transaction. The transaction computation is done off-
chain and then supplied to the main chain with a proof of their validity. This
method increases the amount of transactions possible while maintaining
security. Some [rollups](/en/glossary/#rollups) use [fraud
proof](/en/glossary/#fraud-proof). [More on zero-knowledge
rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/).

