[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-
providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Company](https://www.ledger.com/category/company-news "Company") | 04/11/2024 

# Ledger and Samsung Strengthen Their Partnership, Providing Uncompromising
Security to the Samsung TV

[Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/tag/ledger "Ledger")

[Blog](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-
providing-uncompromising-security-to-the-samsung-tv) __[Blog
posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts")

**Key Takeaways:**  
---  
**— As part of an ongoing collaboration to bridge the gap between Web2 and
Web3, Samsung and Ledger have released a new Web3 TV bundle centered around
NFT art and culture.  
  
— This premium package is perfect for displaying digital art in your living
room, featuring a Samsung TV, a custom Ledger Nano X, and some exclusive NFT
art.  
  
— This partnership is just one piece of Samsung’s goal of supporting NFT art:
it’s also building a community of projects, Samsung’s Web3 Partner Network.**  
  
In April 2024, Ledger and Samsung are partnering again to continue their
shared goal of uniting the Web2 and Web3 worlds. With the expansion of digital
culture, the products we use must evolve to complement innovation. This
initiative reflects Ledger’s and Samsung’s commitment to making
straightforward, secure access to the decentralized world available to as many
people as possible.

The previous partnership saw the launch of a Web3 starter bundle, containing a
new Samsung S23 series smartphone and a Ledger Nano X. This bundle was catered
especially towards newcomers, highlighting how these devices must work
together to ensure your security when exploring new technology.

Now, Ledger and Samsung are taking their partnership a step further with the
launch of a new Web3 TV bundle catered towards lovers of digital art and
culture. To explain, with the rise of NFT artwork, there’s been a growing need
for ways to display it.

To cater to this need, Samsung is launching a new NFT app, allowing you to
display NFT artwork on your Samsung TV. The bundle will celebrate and
facilitate this launch, containing a Samsung TV, a custom Ledger Nano X, and
some exclusive NFT art. With this, you’ll have everything you need to display
your digital art with style.

But it’s not all about the bundle either. With this venture, Samsung aims to
strengthen its ties to the wider community by launching its Web3 Partner
network, working together with industry leaders such as; blockchain gaming
provider Illuvium, the Wilder World metaverse, World Of Women, Polygon Labs,
and, of course, Ledger.

By teaming up with Ledger and other industry leaders, Samsung aims to deliver
innovations to introduce its millions of users to explore the future of the
Internet.

“Our approach is to make access to various Web3 experiences easily accessible
to everyone,” says Sven Greier, Vice President TV/AV, Samsung Electronics
GmbH. “Together with our selected partners, we are paving the way for our
customers to participate in diverse Web3 experiences in a straightforward
manner.”

Ian Rogers, Chief Experience Officer at Ledger said: “We are thrilled to
continue our Ledger partnership with Samsung, providing uncompromising
security with great ease of use for Samsung’s Web3 TV Bundle. Samsung is
staying ahead of the curve, bringing collectors and creators securely into the
space and giving their users incredible screens to highlight digital art,
assets, and more. We will be along for the ride.”

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/SAMSUNG-_-
LEDGER-NANO-X-Packaging-w.o-background.png)

## Bringing Digital Art Into The New Age

As you already know, the Web3 TV bundle includes a Samsung TV, a Ledger Nano
X, and some NFT art. These devices work together seamlessly via Samsung’s new
NFT app, bringing premium digital art to your living room.

Samsung’s TVs are the perfect way to display digital art and NFTs. With the
Web3 TV Bundle, you also have a choice between two models: “The Frame”, with
its multiple size options (from 32 to 65 inches), customizable frame, and
sleek design; or “The Sero”, a 46-inch TV offering both landscape and portrait
viewing modes.  

Whichever model you choose, it’s Samsung’s new NFT Gallery app that allows you
to display your NFT artwork on its screen. Accessible via the Smart Hub, the
NFT Gallery app will allow you to display your NFT collection on your Samsung
TV with style and elegance.  Simply connect your Ledger Nano X to the NFT
Gallery app and you can buy, sell, and trade NFTs.  You can also explore the
collections of Samsung’s Web3 partners directly via the app.

Of course, what is the use of an NFT collection if it’s not secure? If you
want to buy and manage NFT artwork, you’ll want to protect it, just like you
would with a physical piece of art. That’s why the Web3 TV Bundle also
contains a specially designed, limited edition custom Ledger Nano X.

With the Samsung TVs’ breathtaking displays and the top-notch security model
offered by your custom [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/), you can
enjoy the peace of mind that comes with knowing your digital art is secure
while on display.

With your display and security sorted, you’ll also need some artwork. Thus,
the Web3 TV Bundle also includes complimentary digital artwork from world-
renowned artist and designer Paul Milinski. Besides their stunning design,
these NFTs also carry impressive utilities such as participation in
sweepstakes and more benefits in the Samsung ecosystem.

![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/FRONT-SAMSUNG-
_-LEDGER-NANO-X-1024x683.jpg)

## Ledger and Samsung: Where Art, Innovation, and Security Meet

Together, Ledger and Samsung are committed to providing the best possible user
experience for those ready to explore the future of digital art. And now, it’s
possible to do that with elegance and from the comfort of your couch. So what
are you waiting for? Get hold of your own Web3 TV Bundle to bring art into
your home today! To learn more, follow the latest updates on [Ledger’s X
account here](https://x.com/Ledger).

[](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/)
[__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/)[](https://twitter.com/Ledger)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq/)
[](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/)
[__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger)

More articles

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-guarding-
against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool
guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/category/donjon "Donjon") | 05/17/2024 

Cargo-checkct: our home-made tool guarding against timing attacks...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-cargo-checkct-our-home-made-tool-
guarding-against-timing-attacks-is-now-open-source "Cargo-checkct: our home-
made tool guarding against timing attacks is now open-source!")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger Device
Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Tech](https://www.ledger.com/category/tech "Tech") | 05/07/2024 

Master Ledger Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog/device-apps-tutorials "Master Ledger
Device Apps development with step-by-step tutorials")

[](https://www.ledger.com/blog-what-you-need-to-know-about-bitcoin-halving-
dynamics "What You Need To Know About Bitcoin Halving Dynamics")

[Blog posts](https://www.ledger.com/category/blog-posts "Blog posts"), [Thought leadership](https://www.ledger.com/category/thought-leadership "Thought leadership") | 03/28/2024 

What You Need To Know About Bitcoin Halving Dynamics...

[Read more](https://www.ledger.com/blog-what-you-need-to-know-about-bitcoin-
halving-dynamics "What You Need To Know About Bitcoin Halving Dynamics")

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/ledger-and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=c62a405b-e811-4a8f-b2ac-4461bbaf05ee&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=baf45ee5-cd80-4516-a1f7-8bb9cd1b2165&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-providing-uncompromising-security-to-
the-samsung-
tv&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=c62a405b-e811-4a8f-b2ac-4461bbaf05ee&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=baf45ee5-cd80-4516-a1f7-8bb9cd1b2165&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-providing-uncompromising-security-to-
the-samsung-tv&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=91a18004-37a4-40c3-bebb-8ff5638fb176&sid=4ba714101cfe11ef9621e13a3b3be677&vid=4ba710701cfe11efbe8c9770fa8e85ca&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Ledger%20and%20Samsung%20Strengthen%20Their%20Partnership,%20Providing%20Uncompromising%20Security%20to%20the%20Samsung%20TV%C2%A0%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Fledger-
and-samsung-strengthen-their-partnership-providing-uncompromising-security-to-
the-samsung-tv&r=&lt=1618&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=418260)

