Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

# Ethereum wallets

## Holding the keys to your digital future

Wallets help you access your digital assets and sign in to applications.

  * [Find a wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * How to use a wallet

![Illustration of a robot with a vault for a body, representing an Ethereum
wallet](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fwallet-
hero.51c4b723.png&w=1920&q=75)

## What's an Ethereum wallet?

Ethereum wallets are applications that give you control over your account.
Just like your physical wallet, it contains everything you need to prove your
identity and handle your assets. Your wallet allows you to sign in to
applications, read your balance, send transactions and verify your identity.

Wallets are what most people use to handle their digital assets and identity.

[How to create an Ethereum account](/en/guides/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
account/)

[How to use a wallet](/en/guides/how-to-use-a-wallet/)

Your wallet is a tool for interacting with your Ethereum account. That means
you can swap wallet providers at any time. Many wallets also let you manage
several Ethereum accounts from one application.

Wallet providers don't have custody of your funds. They just provide you a
window to see your assets on Ethereum and tools to easily manage them.

### An app for managing your funds

Your wallet shows your balances, transaction history and gives you a way to
send/receive funds. Some wallets may offer more.

### Your Ethereum account

Your wallet is your window into your Ethereum account – your balance,
transaction history and more. But you can swap wallet providers at any time.

### Your login for Ethereum apps

Your wallet lets you connect to applications using your Ethereum account. It's
like a login you can use across many apps.

## Wallets, accounts, keys and addresses

It's worth understanding the differences between some key terms.

  * **An Ethereum account is a pair of keys**. _One key_ is used to create the address you can share freely, and the _other key_ you need to keep secret because it's used to sign things. Together, these keys let you hold assets and make transactions.

  * **An Ethereum account has an address** , like an inbox has an email address. This is used to identify your digital assets.

  * **A wallet is a tool that lets you interact with your account** , using your keys. It allows you to view your account balance, send transactions, and more.

Most wallet products will let you generate an Ethereum account. So you don't
need one before you download a wallet.

## Types of wallets

There are a few ways to interface and interact with your account:

**Physical hardware wallets** are devices that let you keep your crypto
offline – very secure

**Mobile applications** that make your funds accessible from anywhere

**Browser wallets** are web applications that let you interact with your
account directly in the browser

**Browser extension wallets** are extensions you download that let you
interact with your account and applications through the browser

**Desktop applications** if you prefer to manage your funds via macOS, Windows
or Linux

Interactive tutorial

## How to use a wallet

Create accountHow to?Send / receive tokensHow to?Connect to Web3How to?

## How to stay safe

Financial freedom and the ability to access and use funds anywhere comes with
responsibility – there’s no customer support in crypto. **You are responsible
for keeping your keys safe and secure**.

Take responsibility for your own funds

Centralized exchanges will link your wallet to a username and password that
you can recover in a traditional way. Just remember you’re trusting that
exchange with custody over your funds. If the exchange has financial trouble,
your funds would be at risk.

Write down your _recovery phrase_

Wallets will often give you a seed phrase that you must write down somewhere
safe. This is the only way you’ll be able to recover your wallet.

Here's an example:

there aeroplane curve vent formation doge possible product distinct under
spirit lamp

Don’t store it on a computer. Write it down and keep it safe.

Bookmark your wallet

If you use a web wallet, bookmark the site to protect yourself against
phishing scams.

Triple check everything

Remember transactions can’t be reversed and wallets can’t be easily recovered
so take precautions and always be careful.

## More tips on staying safe

From the community

[Protecting yourself and your funds(opens in a new
tab)](https://support.mycrypto.com/staying-safe/protecting-yourself-and-your-
funds)

MyCrypto

↗

[The keys to keeping your crypto safe(opens in a new
tab)](https://www.coinbase.com/learn/crypto-basics/how-to-secure-crypto)

Coinbase blog

↗

## Explore Ethereum

![An illustration of a hand creating an ETH logo made of lego
bricks](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Feth-
logo.d0741d70.png&w=256&q=75)

### Get some ETH

ETH is the native crypto of Ethereum. You’ll need some ETH in your wallet to
use Ethereum applications.

[Get some ETH](/en/get-eth/)

![An illustration of Ethereum community members working
together](/_next/image/?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fdoge-
computer.482265f8.png&w=640&q=75)

### Try some dapps

Dapps are applications built on Ethereum. They’re cheaper, fairer and kinder
on your data than most traditional applications.

[More on dapps](/en/dapps/)

## Test your Ethereum knowledge

Wallets

Question number 1:From the options presented, which is the most secure way to
store your seed phrase?

A

In a photo on your phone

B

In a file on your computer

C

Written down on paper

D

In a text message to a trusted family member

Check answer

### Was this page helpful?

YesNo

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Public key

A public key is a set of characters that lets others send you digital currency
securely, like an email address for money.

### Private key

A private key is a secret code that proves you own your digital money and lets
you spend it, like a PIN for your account. **DO NOT SHARE IT**.

### Seed phrase/recovery phrase

A list of words given to you when you create a digital wallet. It acts like a
password that can help you get back into your wallet if you lose access,
making sure you don't lose your digital money or tokens.

