[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1jaGFyaXR5LXRlYW1zLXVwLXdpdGgtc3VwZXJodW1hbnMtZm91bmRhdGlvbi1hbmQtZGVkaWNhdGVzLSQxNTAwMDAtdG8tc3VwcG9ydGluZy13YXJhZmZlY3RlZC11a3JhaW5pYW4tY2l0aXplbnMtNzQ4MDQ4MTIwNDYwNzkzMTg%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvYmluYW5jZS1jaGFyaXR5LXRlYW1zLXVwLXdpdGgtc3VwZXJodW1hbnMtZm91bmRhdGlvbi1hbmQtZGVkaWNhdGVzLSQxNTAwMDAtdG8tc3VwcG9ydGluZy13YXJhZmZlY3RlZC11a3JhaW5pYW4tY2l0aXplbnMtNzQ4MDQ4MTIwNDYwNzkzMTg%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Charity Teams up With Superhumans Foundation and Dedicates $150,000
to Supporting War-Affected Ukrainian Citizens

2024-02-22

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Charity partnered with Ukrainian nonprofit Superhumans Foundation to launch a series of educational initiatives to aid war-impacted Ukrainian citizens, dedicating $150,000 to help individuals establish their own businesses.

  * The initiative also includes a project designed to empower war veterans by integrating their skills into civilian life. The partners will establish a social franchise and dedicated spaces for networking and educational activities, aspiring to reach as many as 100,000 veterans over the next three years.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240222/16ec807c-ae76-4118-9b12-ec78305de058)

Binance Charity, the philanthropic arm of the leading global blockchain
ecosystem Binance, has partnered with Ukrainian non-profit organization
Superhumans Foundation to launch a series of educational initiatives designed
to support war-impacted Ukrainian citizens. These projects aim to empower
these people by providing the knowledge and skills needed to establish their
own businesses and veteran communities and engage in networking and personal
development. Binance Charity dedicates $150K to this effort.

## Supporting New Entrepreneurs and Community Builders

One educational initiative comes in the form of an intensive entrepreneurship
program for aspiring entrepreneurs and graduates seeking to establish or
expand their businesses. The program offers a 3-day course complemented by a
month of mentoring support. Some 100 participants, including civilians and
veterans, are expected to graduate from the program.

A separate peer-to-peer approach is designed for veterans who have been
discharged from the military and aspire to establish veteran communities in
their local areas. The immediate goal is to train 50 veterans who will create
their groups by the end of 2024. Following successful implementation at the
Superhumans Center, the ambition now is to extend the peer-to-peer system to
reach an unprecedented number of 100,000 veterans over three years.

Kyrylo Khomiakov, Binance’s Regional Head for CEE & Central Asia, noted:
_“Extending aid to war victims is an essential measure to facilitate their
healing, recovery, and prosperity. We are privileged to unite with Superhumans
in providing this assistance and optimism to individuals who have gone through
terrible suffering, and we are excited about the opportunity to help offer
Ukrainian war victims the prospect of a renewed, fulfilling life. We believe
that our initiative and investment will generate opportunities for numerous
individuals to kick-start new chapters in their lives."_

##  Back to Peaceful Life

In addition to the educational project, the partners will establish a social
franchise for war victims and veterans. This initiative will support victims
of war, including civilians and veterans, who aspire to start their own
businesses by fostering their entrepreneurial spirit and integrating their
skills into civilian life. Our Education Center will also offer dedicated
spaces for these individuals to enjoy a comfortable environment for
networking, personal development, and interactive educational activities.

_«Superhumans Center is happy to partner with Binance in the area of veterans'
reintegration into civilian life. Mobility and independence for people with
disabilities are not only about medical services, it’s also about having a
stable source of income, interacting with colleagues, and feeling needed in
society,»_ said Olga Rudnieva, CEO of Superhumans Center.

The partnership reaffirms Binance's commitment to driving meaningful social
change and helping vulnerable individuals. This endeavor, offering support,
education, and viable business opportunities to people scarred by war, notably
underscores Binance's dedication to extending the empowering reach of
blockchain technology and impacting lives positively well beyond the financial
realm.

## Further Reading

  * [Above and Beyond for Users: Delivering Aid and Supporting Communities](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-delivering-aid-and-supporting-communities-8106313806605223148)

  * [How Crypto Can Transform Charitable Giving](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/how-crypto-can-transform-charitable-giving-3187406124285774725)

  * [IT Generation Program: Empowering Ukrainians With Tech Scholarships](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/charity/it-generation-program-empowering-ukrainians-with-tech-scholarships-1473202064819672027)

195,021,734 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Charity Teams up With Superhumans Foundation and Dedicates $150,000 to
Supporting War-Affected Ukrainian Citizens

Main Takeaways

Supporting New Entrepreneurs and Community Builders

Back to Peaceful Life

Further Reading

195,021,734 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

