Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

# The Banker: BBVA builds its crypto muscle with Metaco

  *  __ June 28, 2022
  *  __3 min
  *  __Joy Macknight

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fthebanker-bbva-metaco%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fthebanker-bbva-metaco%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### While incumbent banks stay on the sidelines when it comes to offering
crypto services, BBVA is giving its Swiss clients opportunities to invest and
experiment with decentralized finance.

Not many banks in Europe are engaging with cryptocurrencies, even though many
of their customers are. However, BBVA, through its global private banking arm
in Switzerland, is one of the few that are actively engaging, experimenting
with different protocols in the market and educating itself, as well as its
clients.

> “When we realised how strong blockchain technology was a few years ago, we
> decided to analyze where the potential business opportunities were for the
> BBVA group and BBVA Switzerland, and, even more crucially, how we can put
> these opportunities in the hands of our customers”

says Alfonso Gómez, CEO, BBVA Switzerland.

> “We have the responsibility to create these new paths of investments.”

BBVA Switzerland’s crypto-asset service, including trading and custody, became
operational for all customers in June 2021. It started with bitcoin and added
ether to the investment portfolio at the end of the year. The bank is not
providing cryptocurrency trading advice, solely execution.

Despite the onset of what many are calling ‘crypto winter’, with bitcoin
dropping 54.5% and ether down 66.8% in value between January 1 and June 26,
according to data from CoinDesk, Mr Gómez remains bullish and emphasises the
great growth potential of the market. “Customers are in a learning process, as
we are, and are dealing much more today than six months ago. Likewise, we have
almost double assets under management in the crypto space than we had six
months ago, even though the market has gone down almost 40%,” he says.

The bank is working with Metaco, a software company supporting the banking
adoption of digital assets, mainly through custody infrastructure. Founder and
CEO, Adrien Treccani, says that many banks’ attitude to cryptocurrencies
shifted in 2020.

To continue reading, please see [the original article on
thebanker.com](https://www.thebanker.com/Editor-s-Blog/BBVA-Switzerland-
builds-its-crypto-muscle)



[See original article](https://www.thebanker.com/Editor-s-Blog/BBVA-
Switzerland-builds-its-crypto-muscle "See original article")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/coindesk_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs
to Revamp Institutional Push](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/coindesk-
metaco-exco-mpc/ "Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs to
Revamp Institutional Push")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/gobal-custodian_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Global Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and
again](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/global-custodian-metaco-enables-
the-worlds-largest-banks-to-capitalize-on-the-digital-asset-economy/ "Global
Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and again")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/cointelegraph_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

November 18, 2022### [Cointelegraph: Banks still show interest in digital
assets and DeFi amid market chaos](https://www.metaco.com/media-
feature/cointelegraph-defi-banks-crypto-metaco/ "Cointelegraph: Banks still
show interest in digital assets and DeFi amid market chaos")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

