Buy AURY $ 0.00

Sol/Usd $ 0.00

Aury/Usd $ 0.00

[Buy AURY >](https://app.aurory.io/buy-aury)

[![Aurory
Logo](data:image/png;base64,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)](/)

[Marketplace](https://app.aurory.io/marketplace)

More ![more
menu](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTIiIGhlaWdodD0iOCIgdmlld0JveD0iMCAwIDEyIDgiIGZpbGw9Im5vbmUiIHhtbG5zPSJodHRwOi8vd3d3LnczLm9yZy8yMDAwL3N2ZyI+CjxwYXRoIGQ9Ik0xIDEuNUw2IDYuNUwxMSAxLjUiIHN0cm9rZT0id2hpdGUiIHN0cm9rZS13aWR0aD0iMiIgc3Ryb2tlLWxpbmVjYXA9InJvdW5kIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWpvaW49InJvdW5kIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)

[Patch Notes](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-patch-notes/)

[FAQ](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-faqs/)

[Whitepaper](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-whitepaper/)

[About Us](/about-us/)

[Game Dashboard ![navigate to game
dashboard](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTQiIGhlaWdodD0iMTQiIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAxNCAxNCIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTEuMTY2NjMgNy4wMDAzM0gxMi44MzMzTTEyLjgzMzMgNy4wMDAzM0w2Ljk5OTk2IDEuMTY2OTlNMTIuODMzMyA3LjAwMDMzTDYuOTk5OTYgMTIuODMzNyIgc3Ryb2tlPSJ3aGl0ZSIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIyIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiLz4KPC9zdmc+Cg==)](https://app.aurory.io/)

Terms of Use

ACCEPTANCE OF THE TERMS OF USE

These terms of use are entered into by and between You and Aurory
(âCompanyâ, âweâ or âusâ). The following terms and conditions,
together with any documents they expressly incorporate by reference
(collectively, these âTerms of Useâ), govern your access to and use of the
website and associated applications located at or linked to from
https://aurory.io (the âWebsiteâ), as well as any white label solutions,
applications, content, functionality, and services offered on or through
Aurory, including the mobile, online, and PC platform versions of the game
âAuroryâ (collectively, the âPlatformâ) along with any other games and
platform versions as Aurory may make available to you from time to time.

Please read the Terms of Use carefully before you start to use the Platform.
By using the Platform, or by clicking to accept the Terms of Use when this
option is made available to you, you agree to be bound and abide by these
Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, found at [Privacy Policy](/privacy-
policy) incorporated herein by reference. If you do not want to agree to these
Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must not access or use the Platform.
All information we collect on this Platform is subject to our Privacy Policy.
By using the Platform, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to
your information in compliance with the Privacy Policy.

The Platform is an online gaming ecosystem that includes (i) a cryptographic
wallet software used in and part of (ii) one or more interactive games.
Broadly speaking, each game or application within the Platform is a
distributed application that is running on the Solana Network, using
specially-developed blockchain programs which enable users to interact with
digitally rendered assets and items within the Platform. The Platformâs
distributed technology also enables users to own and transfer other digital
assets within each game. These assets can then be visualized on a website that
the user can interact with or bought and sold among users. Any information we
provide on the Platform, such as pricing, listing, and sourcing is for
informational purposes. Also, Aurory has no control over and provides no
guarantees related to: the existence, accuracy, quality, safety or legality of
items advertised or user content; the ability or legal standing of sellers to
sell items; the ability of buyers to pay for items; or that any user will
complete a transaction or return an item. Items for sale can include physical
goods and services, as well as digital items such as non-fungible tokens
(âNFTsâ), blockchain programs, cryptocurrencies, and other digital-based
goods (collectively, âDigital Assetsâ). Some Digital Assets may relate or
interface with decentralized applications (âDappsâ) and the Solana
blockchain.

The Platform is offered and available to authorized users who are 18 years of
age or older who are acting in compliance with applicable law and who are not
in breach of this agreement or legal obligations to third parties. The
Platform is unavailable to users who have previously had their account
disabled by Aurory for violations of these Terms of Use or other applicable
policies. If the user is an organization, you affirm you have the right,
power, and authority to enter into this agreement on behalf of, and to bind,
said organization. If you do not agree to the provisions of these Terms of
Use, you must not use the Platform or any of our services. By using this
Platform, you represent and warrant that you are of legal age to form a
binding contract with Aurory and meet the foregoing eligibility requirements.
You represent that you are legally permitted to use the Platform in your
jurisdiction including owning, buying, selling or other transacting in Digital
Assets and interacting with the Platform in any reasonably foreseeable way. If
you do not meet all of these requirements, you must not access or use the
Platform. Without limiting the foregoing, by using our Platform, you
acknowledge and understand that laws regarding Digital Assets may vary from
jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is your obligation alone to ensure that
you fully comply with any law, regulation or directive, relevant to your
jurisdiction with regard to the use of our Platform. You further represent and
warrant that you will not use the Platform if the laws of your country of
residency prohibit you from doing so in accordance with these Terms of Use.
For the avoidance of doubt, the ability to access our Platform does not
necessarily mean that the Platform, or your activities through it, are legal
under the laws, regulations or directives relevant to your jurisdiction. All
aspects of the Platform, or the services made available through our Platform,
may not be available to all users, and we reserve the right to assess or
reassess at any time your eligibility to use all or part of our Platform. The
availability of our Platform does not constitute, and may not be used for the
purposes of, an offer or solicitation to anyone in any jurisdiction in which
such offer or solicitation is not authorized, or to any person to whom it is
unlawful to make such an offer or solicitation. By accessing or using the
Platform, you acknowledge that the game is still in open beta, and thus is
subject to changes without prior notice and explicitly agree that the
blockchain programs built into the Dapps that reside on the Platform and
services are legally binding and enforceable upon you and the contract
counterparty.

You must comply with the current version of any rules, guidelines, or
instructions specified in any Company product including our Code of Conduct,
the current version of which is linked below (âCode of Conductâ). The Code
of Conduct is expressly incorporated into these Terms of Use. Any use of a
Company product not in accordance with the Code of Conduct exceeds the scope
of the license granted by these Terms of Use and is prohibited. The Code of
Conduct of the Platform can be found [here.](/code-of-conduct)

LICENSE AND ACCESS

Subject to your compliance with any terms required to access particular
functionality or third-party offerings (âService Termsâ) these Terms of
Use, and your payment of any applicable fees, we grant you a limited, non-
exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make
personal use of the Platform and related services. This license does not
include any resale or commercial use of the Platform data, or its contents;
any collection and use of any software information, descriptions, or prices;
any derivative use of any service or its contents; any downloading, copying,
or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any
use of framing, data mining, robots, or similar data gathering, viewing, and
extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Terms of
Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Aurory or its licensors,
suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No portion
of the Platform may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited,
or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without Auroryâs express
written consent. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose
any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text,
page layout, or form) of the Platform without Auroryâs express written
consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other âhidden textâ
utilizing our name or trademarks without our express written consent. You may
use the Platform only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by us
terminate if you do not comply with these Terms of Use or any Service Terms.

NFT LICENSE

Some Digital Assets sold or created on the Platform may include NFTs. When
obtaining, selling, or purchasing an NFT, you agree and understand what
characteristics NFTs have and how the following terms apply to their sale. An
NFT is a digital tool that can, but does not always, represent real-world
objects such as photographs, videos, writings, or music. NFTs are usually
built using similar technology to digital currencies. But, while digital
currencies are usually fungible, NFTs usually are not. Each NFT is coded into
a blockchain and contains built-in methods for evidence of authentication and
proof of ownership.

You further understand that blockchain transactions are usually not
reversible. You understand that NFTs and other Digital Assets may only exist
by virtue of the ownership record maintained on a blockchain, and further that
blockchain programs are conducted and occur on decentralized ledgers. Aurory
has no control over and makes no guarantees or promises with respect to such
blockchain programs or the functioning of such blockchain or the persistence,
or lack thereof, of the NFT or related content. In cases where a transaction
involving a Digital Asset is revealed to be fraudulent or illegal or an
infringement, or a buyer or seller acts fraudulently or illegally or in an
infringing manner, then the defrauded or injured buyer/seller shall have no
recourse against Aurory, but solely against the respective seller/buyer.

Sellers of Digital Assets are responsible for providing all necessary
information in compliance with all applicable law and regulations regarding
such Digital Assets in applicable listings on the Platform.

Aurorian NFT Usage Rights

When you purchase an Aurorian NFT on the Solana blockchain, you gain license
to use the underlying artwork as you see fit. The ownership of this license is
facilitated and managed on the Solana blockchain. By owning an Aurorian NFT,
Aurory grants you a worldwide, royalty-free license to use, copy, and display
the purchased Aurorian artwork for personal use, or as part of a marketplace
or third-party website/application that cryptographically verifies ownership
and ensures that only the actual owner can display the art.

As long as you comply with these Terms, Aurory grants you a worldwide,
unrestricted license to use, copy and display purchased Aurorian NFT artwork
for creating derivative works (such as producing and selling merchandise with
copies of the art) under the term of "Commercial Use". It is important to note
that this section does not restrict you from owning or operating a marketplace
that allows for the use and sale of Aurorian derived artwork, as long as the
marketplace verifies the owner's rights to display their art for their
Aurorian. Additionally, you may own or operate a third-party website or
application that allows for the inclusion, involvement, or participation of
Aurorians, as long as the website or application verifies the owner's rights
to display the art, and the art is no longer visible once the owner of the
purchased Aurorian leaves the website/application. Lastly, you are allowed to
earn revenue from any of the aforementioned activities.

All Other Aurory NFT and Asset Usage Rights

Creating original fanart without monetizing it is acceptable without any
license or ownership. Creating derivative non-commercial fanart using official
Aurory-assets as inspiration is also acceptable. Provided that you own said
asset being used as inspiration, and receive written permission from Aurory,
you are also granted a limited license to create derivative fan-art which can
be used commercially given that you follow the terms set here in: Derivative
commercial fan artwork must not use official Aurory assets (the Aurory logo,
$AURY token logo, TOKE/OKA logo). For derivative commercial fan artwork, the
artist must clearly state that it is âAurory Fanartâ, link to aurory.io,
and link directly to the Solscan token address of the asset that is being used
for inspiration. An Aurory asset can be used to generate a maximum of $10,000
in revenue before an official license agreement has to be signed. The revenue
can come from either fanart (tokenized or physical) or merchandise (t-shirts,
mugs, hoodies, etc).

ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS

When you use our services or send emails, text messages and other
communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you will be
communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications
from us electronically via emails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and
messages on this site, and you can retain copies of these communications for
your records. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other
communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal
requirement that such communications be in writing.

CHANGES TO THE TERMS OF USE

We may revise and update these Terms of Use at our sole discretion. Except
when required by law, we will provide notification of updates to the Terms of
Use and give users an opportunity to review them before they go into effect.
Once the updated Terms of Use are in effect, you will be bound by the updated
Terms of Use if you continue to use the Platform. Any changes to the dispute
resolution provisions will not apply to any disputes for which the parties
have actual notice on or prior to the effective date of any updated Terms of
Use.

ACCESSING THE PLATFORM AND ACCOUNT SECURITY

To access the Platform or some of the resources it offers, you may be asked to
provide login information, including username and password or social media
account (âLogin Infoâ) and may include a Solana (or other blockchainâs)
wallet or similar address or credit card / debit card or other banking
information (âWalletâ) to access, fund or receive disbursements from your
account. It is your sole responsibility to maintain the security of your Login
Info and your Wallet and to ensure that your use of the Wallet, including, for
example, your use of credit and/or debit cards, is in compliance with your
cardholder and other agreements. If you lose access to your Wallet, a private
key, password, or other method of securing your Wallet, any funds may be
irretrievable, and we will be unable to assist you in any way. You hereby
irrevocably waive, release and discharge all claims, whether known or unknown
to you, against us, our affiliates and their respective shareholders, members,
directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives related to your use
of any Wallet technology or software, associated loss of funds, transaction
failures, or any other defects that arise in the course of your use of your
Wallet, including any losses that may obtain as a result of any failure in
blockchain programs made available on the Platform. You hereby accept
responsibility for any activity transacted on the Platform through or using
your Wallet or its associated data. Additionally, you hereby irrevocably
waive, release and discharge all claims, whether known or unknown to you,
against us, our affiliates and their respective shareholders, members,
directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives related to any
defects that arise in the course of your use of your Login Info and account.
By using the Platform, you agree to be fully, independently and personally
liable for each transaction made on the Platform by you, and you must make
sure that you are the only person with access to your Login Info at all times.
You hereby accept responsibility for any activity transacted on the Platform
through your account (including the activities of all persons who use your
password to gain access to your Account or who use the device on which Aurory
products or related software is accessed and for complying with any licenses
granted in these Terms of Use and for any software. You are expressly
prohibited from allowing anyone else to use your account or to play or access
any Company product on your behalf.

We will use commercially reasonable technical and physical safeguards to make
the Platform securely available to its users. However, given the inherent risk
of transmitting information over the internet, we will not be liable if for
any reason all or any part of the Platform is unavailable at any time or for
any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some parts of the
Platform, or the entire Platform, to users. You are responsible for making all
arrangements necessary for you to have access to the Platform.

It is a condition of your use of the Platform that all the information you
provide on the Platform is authorized, correct, current, lawful, and complete.
You agree that all information you provide to the Platform or otherwise,
including through the use of any interactive features on the Platform, is
governed by our Privacy Policy, and you consent to all actions we take with
respect to your information that are consistent with our Privacy Policy.

FEES

Aurory reserves the right to implement fees associated with the use and
participation in the Platform. In the event users are charged fees, they may
utilize payment methods such as the following (depending on availability):
credit cards, debit cards, certain cryptocurrencies, and USDC. Aurory may
modify the type of payment methods available to you at its own discretion. Any
contract for the purchase of goods/services between a buyer and seller in the
Platform will be directly concluded by that buyer and seller, even if Aurory
provides payment-related services to assist in concluding the purchase.

Users wishing to receive funds as part of any Platform transaction must have a
financial account on file that is operable to receive funds. Financial
accounts include (depending on availability): bank accounts, blockchain
addresses, and similar methods of receiving payment. Aurory may modify the
type of financial accounts available to you at its own discretion.

In order to transact with or within the Platform, you may be required to
provide us with all necessary information for the purposes of: verifying your
identity, complying with applicable laws, managing settlements of your
purchases, and assessing fraud and risk. For individuals, this information may
include your full name, address, phone number, date of birth, taxpayer
identification number, bank account information, and a form of government-
issued identification, among other points of verification. For businesses,
this information may include full business name, address, phone number, entity
type, bank account information, tax identification number, and formation
documents, among other points of verification. In addition, businesses may be
required to provide details regarding your beneficial owner(s), director(s),
officer(s), authorized representative, and/or primary contact, such as name,
contact information, nationality, title, and government-issued identification,
among other points of verification.

We may use third-party payment services providers to assist us in providing
payment capabilities, and we may process your data and transfer it to these
third parties. You hereby explicitly consent to: our use of such third-party
service providers, the outsourcing of services to them, and the related
transfer and processing of your data.

You authorize Aurory and our affiliates to verify information you provide to
us, such as by verifying the existence of your bank account and obtaining
reports from third-party sources, such as anti-money laundering, know-your-
customer service providers. We reserve the right to close, suspend, or limit
your account or rescind your access to the Platform in the event we are unable
to obtain or verify any of this information. You agree that Aurory is not
responsible for any losses suffered by you as a result of incomplete or
inaccurate information you provide.

You agree to comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules and terms and
conditions in connection with your payment methods. You understand that some
third parties, including payment services providers and others, may have their
own applicable terms and conditions for the payment methods you choose to use.
Failure to follow such third-party terms and conditions may result in fees
assessed to you (for example, credit card currency conversion fees) or other
actions taken by such third parties, and you agree that Aurory has no control
over, or responsibility or liability for, such fees or actions.

In any jurisdiction where Aurory has an obligation to collect sales taxes on
sales you make using our Platform, we may collect such sales taxes from you
via the payment method on file under the terms of the Billing Agreement or via
any other means available to us.

We may display third-party advertisements (including links and references
thereto) or other content in any part of our Platform, in our sole discretion
and without consent from, or payment, fee reduction, or other credit to,
sellers.

Due to the nature of NFTs and the blockchain, no refunds are guaranteed. In
order to manage risk or secure your obligations under these Terms of Use, we
reserve the right at our reasonable discretion to require that you maintain a
minimum reserve of transaction proceeds not available for disbursement (in the
form of a fixed or rolling reserve) as a means of security. We will notify you
of any reserves we require of you. Depending on your performance and the risk
associated with your use of the Platform, a reserve may be raised, lowered, or
removed at any time; if required by law, we will give you prior notice of such
changes.

REFERRAL PROGRAM

Participation in the referral program is subject to the following terms and
conditions. By participating in the referral program, you agree to be bound by
these terms and conditions. The referral program allows eligible participants
to earn bonuses by referring new users to Aurory. Eligible participants are
defined as individuals who have a valid account with Aurory and have agreed to
our terms and conditions. A valid referral is defined as an individual who
creates a new account with Aurory using a referral link provided by an
eligible referrer. The referral must be a new user to Aurory, meaning they
must not have had an existing account with Aurory prior to the referral.
Referrers will earn a referral bonus of 10% of their referees' weekly in-game
rewards for a period of 180 days starting from the date of the referred user's
account creation. The referral bonus will be calculated based on the total
weekly rewards earned by the referred individual and will be paid out to the
referrer on a weekly basis. Referrers are prohibited from offering incentives
or rewards to individuals in exchange for creating an account using their
invite link. Any referrer found to be participating in this behavior will be
disqualified from the referral program. The referral bonus is non-
transferable. The referral bonus will be subject to the same terms and
conditions as the referred individual's weekly rewards, including any
sanctions or restrictions on use. Aurory reserves the right to change the
referral bonus percentage at any time and without notice. The current referral
bonus percentage can be found on
[app.aurory.io/profile.](https://app.aurory.io/profile) Aurory also reserves
the right to terminate the referral program or change the length of the bonus
at any time and without notice. Aurory is not responsible for lost, late,
misdirected, or undeliverable referrals or communications, or for any
computer, online, telephone, or technical malfunctions that may occur. Aurory
reserves the right to disqualify any participant from the referral program at
any time, for any reason, including but not limited to, violation of these
terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are governed by and construed
in accordance with the laws of the jurisdiction in which Aurory is
headquartered, and any disputes arising out of or relating to these terms and
conditions will be resolved exclusively by the courts located in that
jurisdiction. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement
between you and Aurory regarding the referral program, and supersede any prior
agreements or understandings, whether written or oral.

RISKS

Use of the Platform may carry financial and legal risk. Digital Assets, such
as tokens, cryptocurrencies, and NFTs, are a novel and relatively experimental
technology. Their value, if any, can fluctuate with great volatility, and
transactions conducted with Digital Assets are irreversible. Digital Assets
and blockchain programs are typically described using extremely technical
language that is difficult to understand and requires a deep knowledge of
cryptography and computer science. Functionality made available on the
Platform may have inherent design flaws that have not been detected in testing
or may not perform as expected in conjunction with third-party technology or
high-volume use. You should carefully consider whether you have sufficient
understanding of the technology and the applicable law before accessing or
using the Platform. The Platform uses gossip, virtual voting and hashgraph
mechanisms to measure consensus. These technologies and platforms may have
unique benefits, limitations, advantages and disadvantages. It is up to you to
understand these factors.

By accessing or using the Platform, you hereby represent that you have the
requisite knowledge and experience to evaluate the risk of the technology you
are using and any transactions you undertake, and you accept the risk that the
Platform might not function as anticipated and that you might lose access to
your Digital Assets temporarily or permanently.

You acknowledge the importance of the security measures we put in place with
regards to purchases, payment methods, and financial accounts, and agree to
comply with them. If you become aware of an unauthorized payment transaction
or of a delayed or incorrectly executed transaction, you must notify us
immediately.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS

âIntellectual Property Rightsâ include copyrights, trademarks, trade
names, trade dress, service marks, patents, patent applications, provisionals,
continuations, continuations-in-part, trade secrets and any similar
intellectual property, creator or moral rights in any applicable jurisdiction.

The Aurory name, logo, and other related trademarks or service marks are the
exclusive property of Aurory and may not be used without our prior written
consent. If you breach these Terms of Use, your right to use the Platform will
cease immediately and you must, at our option, return or destroy any copies of
the materials you have made. No right, title or interest in or to the Platform
or any content on the Platform is transferred to you, and all rights not
expressly granted are reserved by Aurory. Any use of the Platform not
expressly permitted by these Terms of Use is a breach of these Terms of Use
and may violate copyright, trademark and other laws. From time to time, we may
allow you to use our Intellectual Property Rights (such as images, videos, or
sounds) in User Contributions. We retain all ownership and rights in such
content (but not yours). You can only use our copyrights or trademarks (or any
similar marks) as expressly permitted.

You must not delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary
rights notices from copies of materials from the Platform. The Platform and
its entire contents, features and functionality (including all information,
trademarks, service marks, software, text, displays, images, video and audio,
and the design, selection and arrangement thereof), are provided by Aurory,
its licensors or other third-party providers of such material, some of which
may be protected by United States and international copyright, trademark,
patent, trade secret and other intellectual property rights laws. Third-party
technology may be provided to the Platform that is owned by the third-party
provider of such technology and is made available subject to these Terms of
Use as well as any additional applicable license related to such technology.
Without our written permission, you may not modify, create derivative works
of, decompile, or otherwise attempt to extract source code from the Platform.

When you provide User Contributions using our Platform (directly or
indirectly), you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable,
royalty-free, transferrable, sublicensable (through multiple tiers) right to
use, modify, copy, publicly perform, publicly display, reformat, translate,
excerpt (in whole or in part), publish and distribute your User Content and
otherwise exercise any and all Intellectual Property Rights you have in your
User Content in connection with our provision, expansion, and promotion of the
Platform, in any media known now or developed in the future. You agree to
waive any moral rights to the extent permitted by law and that you will not
withdraw such User Content or attempt to make a charge for the use of such
User content. You warrant and represent that you are the exclusive copyright
and holder of all Intellectual Property Rights in relation to the submission
and that the submission in no way breaches the rights of any other person or
entity. To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, you waive your
right to enforce your Intellectual Property Rights in that content against
Aurory, our assignees, our sublicensees, and their assignees and
sublicenseesâ use of that content in connection with our provision,
expansion, and promotion of the Platform.

PROHIBITED USES

You may use the Platform only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these
Terms of Use.

You agree not to use the Platform:

in any way that violates any applicable federal, state, local or international
law or regulation (including, without limitation, any laws regarding the
export of data or software to and from the US or other countries); for the
purpose of exploiting, harming or attempting to exploit or harm minors in any
way by exposing them to inappropriate content, asking for personally
identifiable information or otherwise; to attempt to circumvent any Platform
security or access controls or to interfere with the operation of the
Platform; to impersonate or attempt to impersonate Aurory, a Company employee,
another user or any other person or entity (including, without limitation, by
using e-mail addresses or screen names associated with any of the foregoing);
to transmit or exchange goods, services, or payments or Digital Assets that
are the direct or indirect proceeds of any illegal, criminal or fraudulent
behavior; in any manner that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair the
Platform or interfere with any other partyâs use of the Platform, including
their ability to engage in real time activities through the Platform; in
combination with any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means
to access the Platform for any purpose, including monitoring or copying any of
the material on the Platform; in combination with any manual process to
monitor or copy any material on the Platform or for any other unauthorized
purpose without our prior written consent; in combination with any device,
software or routine that interferes with the proper working of the Platform;
to introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material
which is malicious or technologically harmful; to infringe the patent,
trademark, copyright, moral, database, publicity and/or other intellectual
property rights of third parties or that belong to or are licensed to Aurory;
to persuade or attempt to persuade (including procuring others to persuade)
other users to share any account information; to run or attempt to run any
types of games of chance whether in the Platform or in the real world using
any part of the Platform (including any in-game currencies associated with the
Platform); to obtain information about another user and use such information
for any purpose other than the intended uses of the Platform, unless given
consent by said user; or to otherwise attempt to interfere with the proper
working of the Platform. to engage in any practice that aims to manipulate the
outcome of any Aurory match, including, but not limited to; match-fixing, win-
trading, or collusion between players.

In the event of a Terms of Use and/or Code of Conduct violation, disciplinary
action may be taken. This could be in the form of a loss of rewards, or
permanent ban on your Aurory account.

Actual disciplinary action is dependent upon the severity and/or number of
instances of the offences and shall be decided at Auroryâs discretion, on a
case-by-case basis.

In line with the Terms of Use, Aurory may issue a warning, suspend or close
your account, reset your in game-rewards and/or suspend or close your ability
to use one or more services, or part of the services, at any time based on
prohibited conduct.

The following list gives examples of forbidden conduct that may lead to
investigation by Aurory and may result in disciplinary actions. It should not
be considered as exhaustive.

Any activity, such as cheating, hacking, botting, stream manipulation or
tampering that gives the account owner an unfair advantage or causes detriment
to other playersâ experience in an online multiplayer game.

In general, if you want to play on a different account using 1 device, you
must wait 24 hours between logging into the game application on the new
account after logging out of the old account.

Exploitation of any new or known glitches/bugs that provide an unfair
advantage over other players in online play.

When setting up an account for a Platform service or application, you may be
asked to choose a username that will be used to identify you to other users.
For example, an Aurory character name. You must not choose a username that
infringes the rights of any third party, impersonates Company staff or other
users, which is deliberately confusing, offensive, racist, obscene, hurtful,
unlawful or otherwise inappropriate or which breaches the username
requirements specified in the applicable rules relating to Aurory products. We
reserve the right (at our sole and absolute discretion), to change any
username for any reason or take such other action as we believe appropriate.

MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT

We reserve the right to:

take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law
enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Platform; or

terminate or suspend your access to all or part of the Platform for any or no
reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.

remove your in-game rewards for any or no reason, including without
limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.

We assume no obligation to provide evidence of violation to users in the case
of a disciplinary action. Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to
fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting
or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone using
or posting any materials on or through the Platform. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD
HARMLESS AURORY AND ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSEES AND SERVICE PROVIDERS FROM ANY
CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY ANY OF THE FOREGOING PARTIES DURING
OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A
CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY SUCH PARTIES OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.

We do not review all material before it is posted on or through the Platform
and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been
posted. We assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding
transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party.
We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or
nonperformance of the activities described in this section.

If a Platform user issue arises, we may consider a variety of factors,
including specific circumstances regarding the issue, or a userâs
performance history, in applying our policies. In our effort to do the best
thing for Platform users, we may decide to be more lenient with policy
enforcement. The foregoing does not limit our right to refuse, modify, or
terminate all or part of our services to anyone, or to terminate this
agreement with any user, for any reason at our sole discretion.

RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED

The information presented on or through the Platform is made available solely
for general information purposes. We do not warrant the accuracy, completeness
or usefulness of this information. We do not warrant that product descriptions
or other content on the Platform are accurate, complete, reliable, current or
error-free. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own
risk. We disclaim all liability and responsibility arising from any reliance
placed on such materials by you or any other user of the Platform, or by
anyone who may be informed of any of its contents.

This Platform may include, or link to, content provided by third parties,
including materials provided by other users, third-party licensors,
syndicators, or aggregators. All statements and/or opinions expressed in such
materials, and all articles and responses to questions and other content,
other than the content provided by Aurory, are solely the opinions and the
responsibility of the person or entity providing those materials. These
materials do not necessarily reflect the opinion of Aurory. We are not
responsible, or liable to you or any third party, for the content or accuracy
of any materials provided by any third parties.

CHANGES TO THE PLATFORM

We may update the content on this Platform from time to time, but its content
is not necessarily complete or up-to-date. We reserve the right to withdraw or
amend this Platform, and any service or functionality, including blockchain
program functionality, we provide on the Platform, in our sole discretion
without notice. Any of the material on the Platform may be out of date at any
given time, and we are under no obligation to update such material. In the
event of a change in the operation of the Platform, you agree we may
temporarily or permanently suspend our operations without liability to you.

DATA PRIVACY

Our performance under these Terms of Use, including in facilitating processing
of payments, entails the processing of your personal data when a transaction
occurs with our assistance. With respect to such data processing, you and the
payment method or financial account each act as a separate data
controller/business under applicable data protection laws (which may without
limitation include, the General Data Protection Regulation, the California
Consumer Privacy Act, or other data protection laws to which you are subject).
You agree to: comply with your obligations as a data controller/business
pursuant to the applicable data protection laws, and provide us with all such
reasonable cooperation, information, and assistance as necessary for us to
meet our requirements as a data controller/business.

ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Additional terms and conditions may apply to specific portions, services or
features of the Platform provided by Aurory or third parties, including any
consumer offers, event competitions, or sweepstakes made available through the
Platform, either alone or in conjunction with the functionality provided by
us. The use of such services or features shall be governed by the terms of use
associated with them, and all such additional terms of use are hereby
incorporated by this reference into these Terms of Use. We accept no liability
or responsibility for any third-party functionality or any of our open-source
functionality that has been modified by third parties.

LINKING TO THE PLATFORM

You may link to our Platform, provided you do so in a way that is fair and
legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must
not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association,
approval or endorsement on our part without our express written consent. This
Platform may provide certain features that enable you to: link from your own
or certain third-party Platforms to certain content on this Platform; or cause
limited portions of content on this Platform to be displayed or appear to be
displayed on your own or certain third-party Platforms. You may use these
features solely as they are provided by us and solely with respect to the
content they are displayed with and otherwise in accordance with any
additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features.
Subject to the foregoing, you must not:

establish a link from any Platform that is not owned by you;

otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on this Platform that
is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.

The Platform from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content
accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in
these Terms of Use. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized
framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw
linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media
features and any links at any time without notice at our discretion.

LINKS FROM THE PLATFORM

The Platform may contain links to other sites and resources provided by third
parties, such as advertisements and sponsored links. These links are provided
for your convenience only. We have no control over the contents of those sites
or resources and accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage
that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any of the
third-party sites linked to this Platform, you do so entirely at your own risk
and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such Platforms.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED BY A DISTRIBUTED DENIAL-
OF-SERVICE ATTACK, HACKS, VIRUSES OR OTHER TECHNOLOGICALLY HARMFUL MATERIAL
THAT MAY INFECT YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT, COMPUTER PROGRAMS, DATA OR OTHER
PROPRIETARY MATERIAL DUE TO YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS
OBTAINED THROUGH THE PLATFORM, ANY THIRD-PARTY LINKS ACCESSED THROUGH OR IN
CONJUNCTION WITH THE PLATFORM, OR ON ANY PLATFORM LINKED TO IT.

YOUR USE OF THE PLATFORM, ITS CONTENT AND ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED
THROUGH THE PLATFORM IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THE PLATFORM, ITS CONTENT AND ANY
SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE PLATFORM ARE PROVIDED ON AN âAS ISâ
AND âAS AVAILABLEâ BASIS. AURORY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ANY
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR
PURPOSE. THE FOREGOING DOES NOT AFFECT ANY WARRANTIES WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED
OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW.

LIMITATION ON LIABILITY

IN NO EVENT WILL AURORY, ITS AFFILIATES OR THEIR LICENSORS, SERVICE PROVIDERS,
EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND,
UNDER ANY LEGAL THEORY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE, OR
INABILITY TO USE, THE PLATFORM, ANY PLATFORMS LINKED TO IT, ANY BLOCKCHAIN
PROGRAMS OR DISTRIBUTED APPLICATIONS EXISTING ON OR CONNECTING TO THE
PLATFORM, ANY LOSS OF FUNDS OR COLLATERAL, ANY CONTENT ON THE PLATFORM OR SUCH
OTHER PLATFORMS OR ANY SERVICES OR ITEMS OBTAINED THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR SUCH
OTHER PLATFORMS, INCLUDING ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL,
CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, INCLUDING, PERSONAL INJURY, PAIN AND
SUFFERING, EMOTIONAL DISTRESS, LOSS OF REVENUE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF
BUSINESS OR ANTICIPATED SAVINGS, LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OF DATA,
AND WHETHER CAUSED BY TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF CONTRACT OR
OTHERWISE, EVEN IF FORESEEABLE. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE BE RESPONSIBLE
FOR ANY DAMAGES, LOSS OR INJURY RESULTING FROM HACKING, TAMPERING OR OTHER
UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR USE OF THE PLATFORM OR ITS CONTENTS. THE FOREGOING DOES
NOT AFFECT ANY LIABILITY WHICH CANNOT BE EXCLUDED OR LIMITED UNDER APPLICABLE
LAW.

INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to pay the costs of defense and indemnify and hold harmless Aurory,
its affiliates, licensors and service providers, and its and their respective
officers, directors, employees, contractors, agents, licensors, successors and
assigns, from and against any claims, liabilities, damages, judgments, losses,
costs, debts and fees (including reasonable attorneysâ fees) arising out of
or relating to: your violation of any third-party right; your provision of
false or misleading information; your violation of any law or regulation; your
violation of the Terms of Use; your breach of any representation or warranty;
your negligent or willful misconduct; or your use of or access to the
Platform, including, your User Contributions, any use of the Platform other
than as expressly authorized in these Terms of Use, or your use of information
obtained from the Platform.

If you have a dispute with one or more users, you release Aurory (and our
affiliates and subsidiaries, and our and their respective officers, directors,
employees and agents) from claims, demands and damages (actual and
consequential) of every kind and nature, known and unknown, arising out of or
in any way connected with such disputes. By entering into this release, you
expressly waive any protections (whether statutory or otherwise) that would
otherwise limit the coverage of this release to include only those claims
which you may know or suspect to exist in your favor at the time of agreeing
to this release.

DISPUTE RESOLUTION

11.1 Informal negotiations

To expedite resolution and control the cost of any dispute, controversy, or
claim related to these Terms of Use (each a âDispute" and collectively, the
âDisputes") brought by either you or us (individually, a âParty" and
collectively, the âParties"), the Parties agree to first attempt to
negotiate any Dispute (except those Disputes expressly provided below)
informally for at least thirty (30) days before initiating the arbitration.
Such informal negotiations commence upon written notice from one Party to the
other Party.

11.2 Binding Arbitration

If a Party is unable to resolve a Dispute through informal negotiations, the
Disputes (except those Disputes expressly excluded below) will be finally and
exclusively resolved by binding arbitration. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT WITHOUT THIS
PROVISION, YOU WOULD HAVE THE RIGHT TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A JURY TRIAL. The
arbitration shall be commenced and conducted under the Commercial Arbitration
Rules of the American Arbitration Association (âAAA") and, where
appropriate, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes
(âAAA Consumer Rules"), both of which are available at the AAA website
www.adr.org. Your arbitration fees and your share of arbitration compensation
shall be governed by the AAA Consumer Rules and, where appropriate, limited by
the AAA Consumer Rules. If such costs are determined by the arbitrator to be
excessive, we will pay all the arbitration fees and expenses. Except where
otherwise required by the applicable AAA rules or applicable law, the
arbitration can take place in the British Virgin Islands. Except as otherwise
provided herein, the Parties may litigate in court to compel arbitration, stay
proceedings pending arbitration, or to confirm, modify, vacate, or enter
judgement on the award entered by the arbitrator.

If for any reason, a Dispute proceeds in court rather than arbitration, the
Dispute shall be commenced or prosecuted in the state and federal courts
located in the British Virgin Islands, and the Parties hereby consent to and
waive all defenses of lack of personal jurisdiction, and forum non-conveniens
with respect to venue and jurisdiction in such state and federal courts.

In no event shall any Dispute brought by either Party related in any way to
the Site, the App and the blockchain programs be commenced more than one (1)
year after the cause of the action arose. If this provision is found to be
illegal or unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to arbitrate any
Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to be illegal or
unenforceable and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of competent
jurisdiction within the courts listed or jurisdiction above, and the Parties
agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

11.3 Exceptions to the Informal Negotiations and Arbitration

The Parties agree that the following Disputes are not subject to the above
provision concerning informal negotiations and binding arbitration: (a) any
Dispute seeking to enforce or protect, or concerning the validity of, and of
the intellectual property rights of a Party, (b) any Dispute related to, or
arising from, allegations of theft, piracy, invasion of privacy, or
unauthorized use; and (c) any claim for injunctive relief. If this provision
is found to be illegal and unenforceable, then neither Party will elect to
arbitrate any Dispute falling within that portion of this provision found to
be illegal or unenforceable, and such Dispute shall be decided by a court of
competent jurisdiction within the courts listed or jurisdiction above, and the
Parties agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of that court.

LIMITATION ON TIME TO FILE CLAIMS

ANY CAUSE OF ACTION OR CLAIM YOU MAY HAVE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THESE
TERMS OF USE OR THE PLATFORM MUST BE COMMENCED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER THE
CAUSE OF ACTION ACCRUES, OTHERWISE, SUCH CAUSE OF ACTION OR THE CLAIM IS
PERMANENTLY BARRED.

WAIVER AND SEVERABILITY

No waiver by Aurory of any term or condition set forth in these Terms of Use
shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or condition or a
waiver of any other term or condition, and any failure of Aurory to assert a
right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of
such right or provision.

If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court or other tribunal of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable for any reason,
such provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent such that
the remaining provisions of the Terms of Use will continue in full force and
effect.

ENTIRE AGREEMENT

The Terms of Use, the Privacy Policy, and any applicable terms governing the
use of third-party functionality or additional functionality provided by
Aurory, constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and Aurory with
respect to the Platform and supersede all prior and contemporaneous
understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and
oral, with respect to the Platform.

ASSIGNMENT

At our sole discretion, we may assign our rights and obligations under these
Terms of Use. In cases of such assignment, we will notify you accordingly.

FORCE MAJEURE

We will not be liable or responsible to you, nor be deemed to have defaulted
under or breached these Terms of Use, for any failure or delay in performance,
when and to the extent such failure or delay is caused by or results from
force majeure events (âForce Majeure Eventâ), including: acts of God,
flood, fire, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters, explosion, war,
hostilities, civil unrest, government action, industrial disturbances,
shortage of adequate Internet connectivity, telecommunication or utilities
breakdown, and other similar events beyond our control. If we suffer a Force
Majeure Event, we will use reasonable efforts to promptly notify you of such,
stating the period of time the occurrence is expected to continue. We will use
diligent efforts to end the failure or delay and ensure the effects of such
Force Majeure Event are minimized. We will resume the performance of our
obligations as soon as reasonably practicable after the removal of the cause.
In the event that our failure or delay remains uncured for a period of forty-
five (45) consecutive days following written notice given by us under this
section, we may thereafter terminate these Terms of Use upon fifteen (15)
daysâ written notice.

TERMINATION

These Terms of Use are effective indefinitely, unless terminated in accordance
with the below. We may terminate these Terms of Use by giving written notice
fourteen (14) days prior via email to your registered email address. However,
we may also terminate these Terms of Use on less notice or with immediate
effect in the following scenarios: We are required to do so by law or a court
order; a governmental authority requires us to do so to comply with anti-money
laundering or counter-terrorism financing obligations; we have reasonable
grounds to believe you are carrying out a prohibited or illegal activity; we
are unable to verify your or your businessâs identity, or any other
information regarding your account; or you are otherwise in breach of a
material contractual obligation, or seriously or persistently violating any
provisions of these terms in any other way. Termination of these Terms of Use
shall not affect the rights or liabilities of either party accrued until
termination and/or any terms intended (expressly or implicitly) to survive
termination. If there are pending payment transactions at the time the
termination takes effect, they will be processed pursuant to these terms
unless prohibited by law. IN THE EVENT OF TERMINATION OF YOUR AURORY ACCOUNT,
YOU MAY BE NOTIFIED TO WITHDRAW ANY CHARACTERS, IN-GAME ITEMS, AND CURRENCY
PRIOR TO THE TERMINATION.

DIGITAL MILLENNIUM COPYRIGHT ACT

DMCA Notice: We strive to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of
1998, as amended (âDMCAâ), at all times and maintain a repeat offender
policy which may result in the termination of your right to use the Platform
if you violate such policy. If you believe that your work has been copied,
posted or otherwise made available through the Platform in a way that
constitutes copyright infringement, please notify our DMCA Copyright Agent of
your complaint, as set forth in the DMCA. Please consult the DMCA to confirm
these requirements. You must provide our DMCA Copyright Agent with the
following information in writing, to the extent required by the DMCA: (a) an
electronic or physical signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of
the copyright owner that is allegedly infringed; (b) a description of the
copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed (or, if multiple
copyrighted works on a site are covered by a single complaint, a
representative list of the allegedly infringing works on the site); (c)
identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing and to be
removed, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the
material; (d) information reasonably sufficient to permit us to contact you,
such as your address, telephone number and e-mail address; (e) a written
statement by you that you have a good faith belief that use of the material in
the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent
or the law; and (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that
the above information in your notice and complaint is accurate and that you
are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright ownerâs
behalf. Please be aware that the foregoing information in your complaint may
be forwarded to the person who provided the allegedly infringing content.

Pursuant to Section 512(f) of the DMCA, any person who knowingly materially
misrepresents that material or activity is infringing may be subject to
liability. If you believe that your material has been mistakenly removed or
disabled, you may submit a counter notice by notifying our DMCA Copyright
Agent at the address provided above. Pursuant to Section 512(f) of the DMCA,
any person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity
was removed or disabled by mistake or misidentification may be subject to
liability.

YOUR COMMENTS AND CONCERNS

All feedback, comments, requests for technical support and other
communications relating to the Platform should be directed to: team@aurory.io

![](/static/footer-kitty-6e758857869cd8f821f131ba93df7e63.png)

[Whitepaper](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-
whitepaper/)[Support](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-faqs/support)[ About
Aurory](/about-us/)[ Patch Notes](https://docs.aurory.io/aurory-patch-notes/)[
Code of Conduct](/code-of-conduct/)

[](https://discord.gg/aurory-
project-836601552130801676)[](https://twitter.com/AuroryProject)[](https://aurory.substack.com/?utm_source=substack&utm_medium=web&utm_campaign=reader2&utm_source=%2Fsearch%2Faurory&utm_medium=reader2)[](https://t.me/aurory_project)[](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcJNmpgOE3CpqQls8UH1mRw)[](https://www.instagram.com/auroryproject/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)

Copyright 2024 By Aurory Project

[ Privacy](/privacy-policy/)[ Terms of Service](/terms-of-use/)

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTYiIGhlaWdodD0iMTciIHZpZXdCb3g9IjAgMCAxNiAxNyIgZmlsbD0ibm9uZSIgeG1sbnM9Imh0dHA6Ly93d3cudzMub3JnLzIwMDAvc3ZnIj4KPHBhdGggZD0iTTggMTUuNTc4MVYxLjU3ODEyTTggMS41NzgxMkwxIDguNTc4MTJNOCAxLjU3ODEyTDE1IDguNTc4MTIiIHN0cm9rZT0iIzM0MzQzNCIgc3Ryb2tlLXdpZHRoPSIyIiBzdHJva2UtbGluZWNhcD0icm91bmQiIHN0cm9rZS1saW5lam9pbj0icm91bmQiLz4KPC9zdmc+Cg==)

