[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective __
  * ... __
  * How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain

The Classroom

PATHWAY I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective

chapter 5/5

# How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain

Dec 5, 2023 | **Updated Dec 5, 2023**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-criminals
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20to%20Catch%20Criminals%20on%20the%20Blockchain&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-criminals
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fbecome-a-
crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-criminals
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-
criminals&title=How%20to%20Catch%20Criminals%20on%20the%20Blockchain "Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)

_Ready to become a real blockchain sleuth? In this article, JP from
Intelligence on Chain takes you through the process of catching criminals on-
chain; concluding your introductory journey to solving crypto crimes._

Top Tip: If you’re in Web 3.0 for any duration, I recommend two words for you
– **STAY PARANOID!  **

It takes a lot of time, effort, and resources to catch criminals and there are
never any guarantees of a full recovery. After running the Blockchain
Investigation a.k.a ‘Sleuthing’ company Intelligence On Chain (IOC) for a few
years now, one of the most disheartening things about the profession is that
few thefts will result in criminals being found and prosecuted. The majority
get away with their crimes, especially the smaller thefts. Crypto theft alone
rose by 7% in 2022, which contributed to $20 Billion in illicit transaction
activities throughout 2022.

When a victim wants to have a crime investigated (most don’t,) there are
usually only a handful of outcomes to achieve: justice, recovery of funds, or
simply writing off losses in their portfolio. Initial assessments inform the
victim on what may or may not be possible as each case is reviewed on its
merit.

Law enforcement tends to deliver only on cases where high-value assets were
taken, assuming the victim OR the suspect resides in a jurisdiction (such as
the US or UK) that supports prosecuting cybercrime. Thefts greater than
$75,000 are more likely to be prioritized by law enforcement, but the amount
differs between the different national jurisdictions. If your theft doesn’t
reach that threshold there may be ways of still making the case economically
viable to pursue, such as grouping victims who were targeted by the same
suspect.  Though it may seem grim, arrests and recovery can happen. Let’s take
a look at some of the ways Sleuths (or maybe even you) have the highest
chances of catching a cybercriminal and/or recovering some of those stolen
funds for victims.

## So, what do you need to catch crypto criminals?

**To catch a criminal successfully, the following are required:**

  * **A fully documented report** – Include a timeline of events, wallets, charts, exchanges, and transactions.
  * **A powerful network** – Law enforcement, investigation organizations, lawyers, contacts at centralized exchanges and with wallet providers, and more.
  * **Perseverance and determination** – Catching criminals is emotionally draining for everyone involved. The slightest hope of a positive outcome can be quickly dashed. The most important thing to note is that these cases take time.
  * **Luck** – There is a lot of information to uncover during a case, the thief may have gotten sloppy. For every case IOC takes on, we are dependent on a little bit of luck coming our way. This may be in the form of new evidence, tip-offs from the community, or clues found during the investigation.

**_Did you know?_**_  There are many different ways scammers use to attack
victims. Methods include older techniques used in Web 2.0, like phishing, as
well as newer techniques like sophisticated contract exploits or malicious rug
pulls._

I’ve seen even the most security-conscious individuals fall victim to social
engineering. They downloaded what was supposedly a “Play to Earn” game, only
to find out that it was malicious code. The malware in question was
specifically designed to steal the seed phrases of web 3.0 wallets, like Trust
Wallet or MetaMask, giving attackers unlimited access to the victim’s wallets.

In another case, criminals targeted individuals through fake job interviews.
Sophisticated actors attacked the Ronin Bridge through [spear
phishing](https://intelligenceonchain.com/spear-phishing) developers. It only
took one developer to take the bait and open what they thought was a PDF, only
to find out it contained malicious code, granting the criminals access to
$600M. Everyone is only one wrong click away from losing all of their digital
assets in crypto. Stay Paranoid.

### A Fully Documented Report

Depending on the complexity of the case, the time needed to build a report
varies drastically. I’ve worked on cases requiring only four hours to document
as well as other reports that have taken months to prepare.

At a minimum, the report should include an overview of what happened, the path
of the funds thereafter, any identifiable information about suspected bad
actors, and finally all of the links and transactions associated with the
theft. There are various methods or frameworks that you can use to structure a
report but understanding who the recipient of the report is and what they
require will be a determining factor here.

### A Powerful Network

Having a powerful network around you is critical. You need to be able to
cross-pollinate ideas or hypotheses, validate data, and centralize
information. On top of that, pseudonymous crypto transactions and complexities
of local and global law require a network of specialists to navigate the
landscape appropriately.

You may be able to uncover the identity of an individual or group suspected of
stealing funds by yourself. However, that alone may not be enough to capture a
criminal… and what happens if you are wrong? Releasing someone’s identity can
result in negative consequences for them, even if you are wrong. Problems
include: endangering them and their families, professional career or
reputation damage, and monetary loss, all of which can land you in legal
trouble at a minimum.

### Perseverance and Determination

Catching a cybercriminal is not as easy as posting a thread on X, although
some threads have been used by law enforcement as part of prosecution.
Typically, prosecution and recovery are time-consuming and require a lot of
effort. Emotional stability is hugely important due to the stresses of
experiencing euphoric highs on finding the criminal to darkest lows when
hearing victims’ stories or having a lead you’ve been working on for weeks
disappear. Regardless, the person delivering the report and coordinating
between the network does need to have the right mindset and needs to be doing
the work for the right reasons. Without a passion for helping victims, sleuths
can become deflated, depressed, or worn out! It is never-ending!

### A Little Bit of Luck

Whilst our work at ‘Intelligence On Chain’ is based on objectivity, luck does
need to be on your side. By luck, I mean that reports leading to an arrest are
more likely to contain information from a mistake, an oversight, or naivety
from the criminal. This may manifest in different guises but the information
can always be used to provide context in one form or another. Criminals with
an ego are the most likely to leave clues, often posting on social media.

In my experience, more dots joined together to build a stronger narrative.
Transactions going to an exchange might not be enough for a conviction because
KYC at the exchange may have been faked, for example. Additional information
like an IP address, a social media profile, or any other piece of identifiable
information can point toward further leads. Photos, images, readings, videos,
blogs, usernames, and many more types of data may be used in a case to build
out a suitable and sufficient report.

## Catching Criminals On-Chain Requires a Delicate Balance of Ingredients

The pursuit of justice against cyber criminals, on the blockchain, is an
intricate dance between determination, expertise, collaboration, and a touch
of luck. The knowledge shared in this article underscores the multifaceted
nature of crypto-related theft and the demanding efforts required to combat it
effectively.

Building a comprehensive and meticulously documented report is the foundation
of pursuing justice. Such reports can be bolstered by a network of experts and
support, including law enforcement, legal specialists, and crypto
professionals. Cross-domain collaboration is paramount, as the unique
challenges posed by cryptocurrency transactions require a multidisciplinary
approach.

The path to catching crypto criminals is marked by emotional highs and lows.
Perseverance through setbacks and triumphs alike, fueled by a dedication to
the cause, is what drives investigators forward. It’s important to recognize
that not every case will yield a successful outcome, but every effort
contributes to building a safer crypto ecosystem.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-criminals
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20to%20Catch%20Criminals%20on%20the%20Blockchain&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-criminals
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fbecome-a-
crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-criminals
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-
criminals&title=How%20to%20Catch%20Criminals%20on%20the%20Blockchain "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=25276099-dcbd-42a2-a970-365e9f40b485&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=49addbff-
ff2d-43d9-94be-c01eda8e09d4&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-
criminals&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=25276099-dcbd-42a2-a970-365e9f40b485&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=49addbff-
ff2d-43d9-94be-c01eda8e09d4&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-
criminals&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=8850c8d6-fbbf-4f37-bdaf-e3a2e89d1af0&sid=cde9e7d01cfc11efa913893e9ed55b96&vid=cde9fa701cfc11ef81567902e36de9cc&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=How%20to%20Catch%20Criminals%20on%20the%20Blockchain%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-
criminals&r=&lt=3543&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=268488)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A15%3A59%20GMT&n=0&b=How%20to%20Catch%20Criminals%20on%20the%20Blockchain%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fhow-to-catch-crypto-
criminals&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

