![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/AhUvfvqAQxu6ebEBOZSlbvFNo.png)

[back](../blog)

Blogs

Stage 1 Genesis Private Epoch

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/q0nyebwCIa0UMkGSxhbLjTOg.png)

Solayer Core

May 16, 2024

Solayer has been in the works since end of 2023 with a small lean engineering
team. In April, we published an article detailing our vision to advance Solana
as the backbone of decentralized security and infrastructure. We are grateful
for the significant interest garnered since. The concept of restaking is
becoming increasingly well-known and is gradually being adopted by various
players in the Solana ecosystem. We are excited to see how our approach will
evolve, distinctly different from implementations on Ethereum, and welcome all
shared security infrastructure protocols to tap in.

  

Special thanks to the many supporters in both the Solana and Ethereum
ecosystems. Whether founders, builders, and the early Discord joiners, your
feedback has been invaluable and crucial to our engineering, product
development, and more. To that, we will deliberate a healthy and steady
release of the full system.

  

Ok. Let's carry on -

  

The initial phase of the Solayer Stage 1 release is centered on establishing a
robust and _balanced_ security foundation. This begins with the Genesis Epoch,
a **private** , **time-limited** , and **cap-limited** deposit phase. Please
refer to our previous 2 blog posts detailing governance and security. The
contract is [governed by a multisig](https://solayer.org/blog/solayer-
governance-and-security) for maximum checks and balances, and [audited by
Otter.sect](https://solayer.org/blog/introducing-solayer-stage-1-release-
roadmap).

  

Native SOL restake pool

LST pool is available to the following protocols  
1\. Marinade-SOL  
2\. Blaze-SOL  
3\. JITO-SOL  
4\. INF

  

Please note that for native restaking pool, SOL holders that deposit will earn
the base Solana MEV-boosted yield in addition to restaking provided reward.
Read more [here](https://docs.solayer.org/solayer-docs/restaking/restaking-
architecture).

If you are a protocol and have a liquid staking token, we will release
information on "SIP" as a mechanism in adding your pool.

  

## Private Access

Solayer is launching Stage 1 with a **24-hour private access period**
exclusively for **invite-only community members** to participate in the **cap-
limited** restaking pools. This program is accessible only to whitelisted
addresses that have been invited and provided with a unique access code. **Our
goal is to ensure that our Stage 1 system is balanced and thoroughly battle-
tested. The invite-only epoch allows us to collaborate closely with a select
group of depositors and early supporters.** As the protocol is in its early
stages, it is crucial to always Do Your Own Research before participating in
any protocol.

  

## Cap Limit

The first epoch ends within 24 hours, with a deposit cap of 20M US Dollars.
The limit will be expanded in Epoch 1.

  

## Whitelist

We have passed out a few invite codes throughout the past few months if you'd
been following us SUPER early on. In addition to that, we know the Solana
community has been through thick and thin, and therefore will automatically
whitelist **long-term power users of Solana** , in the following groups:

  * Top traders of Orca

  * Top traders of Raydium 

  * Tensorian holders

[note: we weren't able to include other protocols due to the difficulty of
indexing :( we will do a better job next time]

## Referral

Friends don't let friends earn less. Each participant who passed out 5 invite
codes for their friends for an additional 15% of their referral value accrued.
This is paused at Epoch 0.

  

## Get Started

Please find the tutorial [**here**](https://docs.solayer.org/solayer-docs/get-
started/to-use-ledger)****

  

## Withdrawal

Restaked assets will be locked until **Epoch 3**. After Epoch 3 and before the
launch of Stage 2, all assets will be **fully withdrawable**.

  

## Why are we building Solayer?

Solana has focused on vertical scaling as a starting point, and has advanced
into an irreplaceable position with solidified infrastructure and network
effects that can handle applications that are intense in computation and
capacity. In the coming year, we are excited about and hope to lead the
movement of "scaling out" of the Solana base chain. Restaking taps into
extending Solana as a leading player with monetary and infrastructure premium.
Through it, our vision is to enable more distributed systems and workloads
being built on top of Solana.

###  

### Lastly, Genesis Epoch will be activated on May 16th 12PM PST, and ends on
May 17th 12PM PST.

  

Please contact us in Discord to open tickets if you have any questions or
difficulty.

Website: https://solayer.org  
Discord: https://discord.com/invite/solayerlabs  
Docs: docs.solayer.org

Subscribe to all things Solayer

[solayer](../)

Solayer leverages the economic principles of staking to extend the security of
Solana's base layer.

[](https://twitter.com/solayer_labs)[](https://discord.gg/solayerlabs)[](https://github.com/solayer-
labs)

[About](../about)

[Career](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/solayer-labs)

Contact us

[Community ](../community)

[Documentations](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Changelog](../changelog)

Â©2024 Solayer Â· All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](../privacy-policy)

[Terms & Condition](../terms&condition)

[solayer](../)

[Docs](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Blogs](../blog)

[Community](../community)

[About](../about)

