  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [Manta
Network: A Beginner’s Guide](/blog/manta-network-beginners-guide)

##### Guides

# Manta Network: A Beginner’s Guide

Published on: Jan 29, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Understanding the Basics of Manta Network**
  * **Managing Manta Tokens with Trust Wallet**
  * **The Technology Behind Manta Network**

##### In Brief

Discover Manta Network in our easy-to-follow guide. Learn about its DeFi
impact, privacy-enhancing tech, MANTA token roles, and the evolving world of
secure digital transactions.

![Manta Network: A Beginner’s Guide](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmanta_network_guide_c7820bb23d.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

The [Manta Network](https://trustwallet.com/manta-wallet) is carving out a
spot in the [Web3 space](https://trustwallet.com/blog), particularly for those
who value privacy in their online transactions. This guide is here to simplify
what Manta Network is all about. If you're new to this and intrigued by the
rise of privacy in cryptocurrencies, you're in the right place. Let’s break
down what Manta Network offers, minus the technical jargon.

## Understanding the Basics of Manta Network

### Definition and Core Concept

[Manta](https://trustwallet.com/manta-wallet) Network distinguishes itself as
a noteworthy platform in the decentralized finance (DeFi) sector, primarily
focusing on enhancing user privacy. In today's digital age, where data privacy
issues frequently dominate news stories, the importance of safeguarding
financial transactions is more crucial than ever. Manta Network addresses this
concern head-on, positioning itself as an ideal solution for individuals and
entities keen on maintaining confidentiality in their financial activities.

Unlike many existing platforms where security features are often an added
layer, Manta Network integrates privacy at its core. This integration is not
just a superficial feature; it's a fundamental aspect of the network's
architecture. By doing so, Manta Network ensures that privacy isn't just an
option but a default state for all transactions. This approach is particularly
significant in a landscape where the line between public and private
information can often be blurry, and where the leakage of sensitive financial
data can have serious implications.

Manta’s commitment to privacy transcends the typical assurances offered by
many DeFi platforms. While the majority of these platforms focus on securing
transactions against external threats, Manta Network aims to go deeper. It
proactively masks the transaction details, ensuring that while the integrity
and legitimacy of a transaction are maintained and verifiable, the specifics
remain obscured from public view. This level of confidentiality is especially
appealing to those who prioritize discretion in their financial dealings,
whether for personal reasons or to maintain a competitive edge in business.

![manta-network-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmanta_network_guide_2_24f8bfd227.png&w=3840&q=75)

### The Role of MANTA Token

The [MANTA token](https://trustwallet.com/manta-wallet) is much more than a
mere digital currency; it's the cornerstone of the Manta Network, serving as
the primary medium that drives and sustains the entire ecosystem. This token
is multifaceted, playing a variety of critical roles that go beyond basic
transactions. Its importance within the Manta Network can be likened to that
of a Swiss Army knife in the world of cryptocurrencies, offering a range of
utilities and functionalities crucial for the network's operation and
governance.

One of the primary roles of the MANTA token is its involvement in network
governance. Holding these tokens isn’t just about having a stake in the
network; it’s about having a voice. Token holders are not merely investors or
spectators but active participants who can influence the direction and
decisions of the Manta Network. This aspect of governance is crucial in a
decentralized ecosystem, as it embodies the principle of distributed control
and decision-making. It empowers users with democratic engagement in vital
decisions, such as proposing or voting on changes to the network's protocols,
upgrades, or new features.

Moreover, the MANTA token is integral to accessing and utilizing services
within the Manta ecosystem. It operates as a form of currency within the
network, facilitating various transactions and interactions. Whether it's
paying for transaction fees, purchasing services, or engaging in staking
activities, the MANTA token is the required medium of exchange. This utility
ensures a seamless and integrated experience for users within the Manta
Network, simplifying transactions and interactions within the platform.

In essence, the [MANTA](https://trustwallet.com/manta-wallet) token is the
lifeblood of the Manta Network, embodying multiple roles and functions that
are essential for the network’s health and dynamism. It's not just a token;
it’s a tool for governance, a medium for transactions, a reward for
participation, and a unifying force that aligns the interests of the entire
Manta community. The simplicity of the concept – holding and using MANTA
tokens – belies the complexity and importance of its role in powering and
shaping the future of the Manta Network.

## Managing Manta Tokens with Trust Wallet

You can use a secure [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-
wallet) such as Trust Wallet to store and manage your Manta Tokens. Here’s how
to get the process started.

### Get the most updated version of Trust Wallet

Below you’ll see the steps to create a new wallet, but you could just as
easily [import an existing Web3 wallet to Trust
Wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/import-your-wallet-to-trust-wallet), if
that’s your preference.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

**To create a new wallet:**

  * Install, then open Trust Wallet

  * Choose “Create a new wallet”.

  * Choose your backup option, or you can optionally postpone the backup process by choosing “Skip”.

  * Start using Trust Wallet.

![manta-network-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmanta_network_guide_3_f40ff599af.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Deposit Manta Using Trust Wallet

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen

  * Search for “Manta” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

## The Technology Behind Manta Network

### Privacy-Preserving Protocols

Privacy-Preserving Protocols form the backbone of Manta Network's security
architecture, and central to this is the concept of zk-SNARKs. This acronym
stands for "Zero-Knowledge Succinct Non-Interactive Argument of Knowledge," a
cryptographic method that, despite its complexity, serves a fundamental
purpose: it allows one to prove they possess certain information without
actually disclosing the information itself. Think of it as a magic trick in
the realm of digital privacy.

By leveraging zk-SNARKs, Manta Network is able to offer a level of privacy
that is both sophisticated and efficient. The technology works by enabling the
validation of transactions without the need to reveal any sensitive details of
the transactions themselves. It's akin to having the ability to confirm the
authenticity of your identity without having to expose your ID card to prying
eyes. This clever approach ensures that while transactions are fully verified
and secure, the details remain obscured, providing a shield of privacy around
each transaction on the network.

Expanding on this, Manta Network's use of zk-SNARKs is a game-changer in the
DeFi space, particularly when it comes to handling confidential data. In a
standard transaction on other networks, details such as account balances and
transaction amounts are typically visible on the blockchain, which can be a
cause for concern in terms of privacy. Manta Network, however, flips this
script. By integrating zk-SNARKs, the network ensures that while the
transaction's integrity and validity are publicly verifiable, the specifics —
who sent what amount to whom, for instance — remain confidential.

This level of privacy is not just about protecting users' financial data; it's
also about preserving their autonomy and control over their own information.
In essence, Manta Network's privacy-preserving protocols, powered by zk-
SNARKs, provide a secure environment where transactions are not just a
transfer of value but also a bastion of user privacy and trust.

### Interoperability and Scalability

Interoperability is a critical feature in the decentralized finance (DeFi)
landscape, and Manta Network understands this all too well. The DeFi ecosystem
is a tapestry of diverse blockchains and protocols, each offering unique
services and capabilities. For any platform to truly thrive in this
environment, the ability to seamlessly interact with different blockchains is
paramount. Manta Network is engineered with this interoperability at its core.

![manta-network-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fmanta_network_guide_1_7eed2b9c02.png&w=3840&q=75)

This design philosophy allows it to integrate and communicate effectively with
a myriad of blockchain ecosystems. What this means for users is a significant
enhancement in the platform's usability and functionality. By bridging the
gaps between various blockchains, Manta Network opens up a world of
possibilities, allowing users to access a broader range of [DeFi
services](https://trustwallet.com/) and assets. This interoperability doesn't
just add convenience; it fosters a more connected and efficient DeFi
ecosystem, where the barriers between different platforms are minimized,
leading to a more cohesive and integrated financial environment.

Alongside interoperability, scalability is another cornerstone of Manta
Network's architecture. In the fast-paced world of DeFi, where user numbers
and transaction volumes can skyrocket almost overnight, the ability to scale
effectively is crucial. Manta Network is built with this scalability in mind,
ensuring that it can handle an increasing load without any compromise in
performance. This aspect is especially important considering the high
transaction throughput and complex operations typical in DeFi platforms.

Manta Network's scalability ensures that as the network grows, whether in
terms of user numbers, transaction volume, or complexity of operations, it
remains efficient, stable, and reliable. This scalability not only enhances
user experience by ensuring fast and smooth transactions but also lays a solid
foundation for future growth and expansion. By prioritizing scalability, Manta
Network is not just catering to the current needs of its users but is also
gearing up for the future, ready to adapt and evolve as the DeFi space
continues to expand and transform.

### Conclusion

To wrap it up, [Manta Network](https://trustwallet.com/manta-wallet) stands as
a significant player in the [DeFi](https://trustwallet.com/) space, especially
for those prioritizing privacy. From understanding the basics like the role of
MANTA tokens to getting a grip on the technology and community involvement,
there’s a lot to explore. And as privacy continues to be a key focus in DeFi,
keeping an eye on Manta Network’s progress seems like a wise move for anyone
interested in the future of secure, private online transactions.

Remember that in addition to [MANTA](https://trustwallet.com/manta-wallet),
Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. Get the latest version of Trust Wallet and explore
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) without limits.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

