[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto") __
  * ... __
  * How To Create an Ethereum Wallet

# How To Create an Ethereum Wallet

By **Vineet Nair**

Mar 8, 2024 | **Updated Mar 8, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20To%20Create%20an%20Ethereum%20Wallet&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet&title=How%20To%20Create%20an%20Ethereum%20Wallet
"Reddit")

![Coins spiraling in a circle](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/03/06_Crypto_Cover_Orange-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— An [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum) is
essential for managing ETH, with various types like software, hardware, and
paper wallets, each offering different levels of security and convenience for
transactions and asset management.  
  
— Software and mobile wallets provide ease of use and quick access for daily
transactions, but they pose online security risks.  
  
— Setting up an Ethereum wallet involves selecting the right type, downloading
and installing the necessary software or hardware, and securely transferring
ETH assets, with the process varying slightly based on the wallet type chosen.
We’ll learn about each of the types of Ethereum wallets and how to create one
in the guide below.  
  
In this comprehensive guide, we’ll explore the ins and outs of creating
Ethereum wallets. Now, you probably already know what an Ethereum wallet is,
but do you know how to create one? If you want to know how to set one up,
we’ve got you covered.  

## How To Create an Ethereum Wallet?

Creating an Ethereum wallet is a straightforward yet crucial step for anyone
engaging with the Ethereum blockchain. The process begins with selecting a
wallet type that aligns with your needs.

Whichever wallet you choose will, generally, be able to generate a key pair.
The private key allows you to control the account and the public key acts as
the account’s unique identifier.

Most wallets also provide you with a secret recovery phrase, a vital backup
for accessing your funds in case of device loss. With these types of Ethereum
wallets, you can create multiple accounts and restore them all with the secret
recovery phrase.

But before we dive into the details let’s get you up to speed on what an
Ethereum wallet is, and which one would suit you the best.

## What Is an Ethereum Wallet?

An Ethereum wallet allows you to send, receive, and manage  Ethereum assets.
Of course, most Ethereum wallets can secure Ether itself, but some wallets
also allow you to manage fungible tokens (ERC-20 tokens), semi-fungible tokens
ERC-1155 tokens) and non-fungible tokens (ERC-721 tokens) too.  However, it’s
important to note an Ethereum wallet doesn’t store your Ethereum assets, it
stores your private keys, the linchpin for executing Ethereum transactions.

The Ethereum ecosystem offers a variety of wallets, each tailored to different
needs and preferences. Understanding the types is crucial in choosing the one
that fits your lifestyle and security needs.

### **Software Ethereum Wallets**

Software wallets, commonly known as ‘hot wallets,’ are digital applications
that can be installed on either a computer or a smartphone. These wallets are
designed for ease of access to your Ethereum assets, making them ideal for
frequent and fast transactions. However, their constant connection to the
internet makes them vulnerable to cyber threats like hacking and phishing
attacks. Regular updates and strong security practices are essential to
protect your assets in a software wallet. Popular options include MetaMask
(for both mobile and as a browser extension), MyEtherWallet, and Exodus.

#### **Mobile Ethereum Wallets**

Mobile wallets are a subset of software wallets specifically designed for
smartphones. These wallets offer unparalleled convenience for managing
Ethereum on the go. Features often include the ability to scan QR codes for
quick address sharing, streamlined interfaces for easy transaction monitoring,
and sometimes integration with mobile payment systems.

#### **Desktop Ethereum Wallets**

Desktop wallets are software applications that you download and install on
your personal computer. Desktop wallets offer enhanced features owing to PCs’
higher processing power, such as advanced portfolio management tools. They are
also marginally more secure than mobile wallets, as they are less likely to be
lost or stolen. However, they are just as vulnerable to malware and spyware as
other types of software wallets, so you should always exercise caution when
using them.

#### **Ethereum Wallet Extensions**

Wallet extensions are plugins for web browsers that allow users to interact
with Ethereum’s blockchain directly through their browser. This type of wallet
is particularly user-friendly for interacting with dApps, DeFi platforms, and
other blockchain services directly from the web. However, since they operate
on web browsers, they are exposed to similar risks as other software wallets,
such as vulnerability to browser-based attacks and phishing scams.

### **Ethereum Paper Wallets**

A paper wallet is one of the simplest forms of cold storage. It involves
printing out your Ethereum public and private keys (often in the form of QR
codes) on a piece of paper. Since it is completely offline, a paper wallet is
immune to online hacking threats. It is one of the most secure methods of
storing Ether. However, paper wallets are not very user-friendly, as you’ll
need a separate paper wallet for each Ethereum account you have. Plus, sending
ETH with a paper wallet can be tricky for beginners: there’s no handy
interface included as you might get with a software or hardware wallet.
Instead, it involves setting up a change address which is easy to do
incorrectly. One reliable generator includes MyEtherWallet.

### **Ethereum Hardware Wallets**

Hardware wallets are considered the most secure type of Ethereum wallet. They
are physical devices that store your private keys offline. First and foremost,
these wallets are non-custodial, meaning you have true ownership over your
funds. Unlike exchange wallets, only you have access to your funds; and unlike
software wallets, your private keys are never exposed to the internet and the
threats that come with it, such as hacking.  

Hardware wallets take a proactive approach to signing transactions. Firstly,
they store your private keys offline in a computer chip. This keeps your
private keys, the keys to your account, isolated from the dangers of the
internet. Next, they allow you to sign transactions offline. The hardware
wallet then sends that signed transaction to your web2 device to transmit it
to the blockchain via its internet connection. Since the transaction is
already signed once it reaches your laptop or smartphone, it’s immune to
malware on the latter. Plus, since hardware wallets sign transactions offline,
they don’t risk exposing your private keys over the internet while signing.

If, by some unfortunate turn of events, your hardware wallet ends up in the
wrong hands, Hardware wallets are engineered to withstand physical hacking
attempts too. For example, Ledger devices have a PIN code, which guarantees
that only the true owner of the wallet can initiate transactions. Each Ledger
device also benefits from a Secure Element chip: an industry-leading secure
chip used in bank cards and passports. This chip is designed specifically to
resist common physical attacks such as glitching and side-channel attacks.

## How To Make an Ethereum Wallet

Creating an Ethereum wallet is an essential step for anyone looking to engage
in activities like buying, securing, or transferring Ether (ETH). Setting up
an Ethereum wallet varies depending on the type of wallet you choose. Here are
the steps for different wallet types:

### **Steps To Set Up a Software Ethereum Wallet**

1\. **Select a Mobile/Desktop Wallet App** : Research and choose a wallet app
that suits your needs.

2\. **Download the Wallet App:** Make sure you download it from the official
website or app store and avoid third-party sources to reduce the risk of
downloading malicious software.

3\. **Create an Ethereum Account:** Follow the setup process, which typically
involves generating a new key pair. The private key is what allows you to
access and control your ETH and the public key allows your wallet to derive a
unique blockchain address for the account.

4\. **Transfer Your Ethereum (ETH) Assets:** Move your ETH assets into your
new wallet.

### **Steps To Make Ethereum Wallet Extension**

Setting up an Ethereum wallet extension is a straightforward process that
integrates the Ethereum ecosystem directly into your browser. Here’s a concise
guide to establishing a secure Ethereum wallet extension:

1\. **Choose a Wallet Extension** : Start by selecting a reputable Ethereum
wallet extension like MetaMask, MyEtherWallet (MEW) extension, or Coinbase
Wallet extension, focusing on those with positive user feedback and a strong
security record.

2\. **Install the Extension** : Download the extension from its official
website or a trusted web store like Chrome Web Store or Mozilla’s Add-ons for
Firefox. This precaution is vital to avoid fake, harmful versions.

3\. **Set Up Your Account** : Open the extension to create your wallet,
securing it with a strong password. You’ll receive a secret recovery phrase
during this step; keep it in a safe place as it’s crucial for account
recovery. Consider enabling additional security features such as two-factor
authentication (2FA) for extra protection.

4\. **Transfer Ether (ETH)** : Fund your wallet by transferring Ether from
another wallet or buying ETH directly.

5\. **Explore the Ethereum Ecosystem** : Your wallet now lets you interact
with decentralized applications (DApps) from your browser. Connect your wallet
to DApps to engage with decentralized finance (DeFi), collect NFTs, and more.

By following these streamlined steps, you’ll quickly have a secure Ethereum
wallet extension ready, opening up access to Ethereum’s DApps and services
directly from your browser.

### **Steps To Set Up an Ethereum Hardware Wallet**

1\. **Select an Ethereum Hardware Wallet:**  Select a hardware wallet and
purchase the device from an official retailer or directly from the
manufacturer.

2\. **Purchase and Install Required Software:** Once you have the device, you
must download and install its companion software. If you’re using a Ledger
device, you must download and install Ledger Live. Make sure you’re
downloading the official app, as attackers often create fake apps designed to
trick you. Initializing the wallet will typically present you with a secret
recovery phrase, which acts like the master key to all of your accounts. Write
down this phrase and store it in a safe, secure place. Do not store it
digitally or share it with anyone.

3\. **Create an Ethereum (ETH) Account:** Use your hardware wallet to create a
new Ethereum account. Your Ethereum wallet will generate a new key pair for
the account. This will give you a unique blockchain address you can share with
anyone trying to send you Ethereum assets.

### **Steps To Create an Ethereum Paper Wallet**

1\. **Go to an Ethereum Wallet Generator:**  Find a reliable and secure paper
wallet generator.

2\. **Go Offline:  **Make sure your computer is virus-free and disconnected
from the internet while generating your wallet for maximum security. If you
generate your keys while connected to the internet, you risk exposing them via
malware or spyware on your internet-connected device. This would directly
contradict a paper wallet’s purpose!

3\. **Print Key:** Follow the generator’s instructions to create and print
your keys.

## Conclusion

As we navigate the diverse landscape of Ethereum wallets, it’s evident that
there’s an option for every need, each offering distinct features. For those
prioritizing the safety of their ETH, the key lies in safeguarding private
keys. The best way to achieve this is through offline storage solutions, with
hardware wallets emerging as the superior choice. They strike a balance
between security and usability, overshadowing paper wallets in terms of ease
of management.

Among hardware wallets, Ledger devices stand out as the optimum choice for
storing Ethereum. Ledger’s security model is unrivaled, combining offline key
storage with cutting-edge features such as a custom operating system and a
Secure Element chip. Additionally, Ledger Live enhances the user experience by
enabling seamless interaction with Ethereum apps and services, providing a
comprehensive ecosystem for managing your ETH.

So, why wait? Embrace the security and versatility of a Ledger device and
start exploring the Ethereum ecosystem today.

## Frequently Asked Questions About Ethereum Wallet

### **Are Crypto Wallets Free?**

While many software and mobile wallets for cryptocurrencies are available free
of charge, offering ease of access and user-friendly interfaces, they often
come with inherent online security risks. On the other hand, hardware wallets,
known for providing enhanced security, do require an initial investment.

These devices store your private keys offline, significantly reducing the risk
of online theft and hacking. When it comes to hardware wallets, Ledger’s line
stands out for its robust security features. Ledger devices use a Secure
Element chip similar to those in credit cards and passports. This ensures the
highest level of security for your digital assets.

While there is an upfront cost, the peace of mind and security Ledger provides
can be a wise investment, particularly for those holding substantial amounts
of cryptocurrency or planning long-term investments. Ultimately, the choice
between free software wallets and paid hardware options like Ledger should be
guided by your specific needs and the value of the assets you’re looking to
protect.

### **How To Use an Ethereum Wallet?**

Using an Ethereum wallet involves setting it up, and then using it to manage,
send, and receive ETH. Ethereum wallets also allow you to access, interact
with, and explore the web3 ecosystem including blockchain games, DeFi, and
more.

### **How To Get an Ethereum Blockchain Address?**

Your Ethereum address is automatically generated when you set up a new
Ethereum account within your crypto wallet. It’s a unique identifier for
receiving and sending Ethereum that comes in a hexadecimal format. It always
begins with 0x…

### **How Do I Find My Wallet Address?**

In most wallets, you can find your address in the ‘Receive’ section. It’s
crucial for receiving ETH and interacting with the Ethereum blockchain.

**Vineet Nair**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=How%20To%20Create%20an%20Ethereum%20Wallet&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fcrypto%2Fhow-
to-create-an-ethereum-wallet&title=How%20To%20Create%20an%20Ethereum%20Wallet
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

## Your Cookies preferences !

We use cookies to analyse the traffic on our site, enhance your experience and
deliver marketing contents that are relevant to your interests. Please note
that you can change your cookie settings and withdraw your consent at any time
from our[Cookie Policy](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

Reject All Accept All

Cookies Settings

![Ledger Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/56e0a676-5d93-4a14-bfc7-7a2d75f2b993/15ffac82-5822-4def-b3b3-a595598861a2/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/cookie-policy)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

