![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

[Blog home](/en/blog) | [Subscribe to RSS feed](/en/rss/blog.xml) | [Post history](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/commits/master/_posts/2019-09-26-recognizing-efforts-contributors-to-translation-team.md) | [Report issue](https://github.com/bitcoin-dot-org/bitcoin.org/issues/new?body=Source%20File%3A%20_posts/2019-09-26-recognizing-efforts-contributors-to-translation-team.md%0A%0A)

# Recognizing Recent Efforts By Volunteer Contributors on the Translation Team

Through continued donations and support from the community, weâre thankful
to have recently been able to send out over $15,000 USD worth of bitcoin as a
gesture of gratitude to people who volunteer to help translate bitcoin.org and
spread the word about Bitcoin. Each month, contributors are helping localize
bitcoin.org so that more people around the world can easily get started and
learn more about Bitcoin in their own languages.

## Thank you

  * 22296107f24ef76cb1766bc35fd2b3d6
  * Aliak
  * Balaxi
  * Btc4Arab
  * ChenPoWei
  * CoinColors
  * Deadlyweapon
  * GDP
  * GIANNAT
  * Henray0607
  * JurgenH
  * Komodorpudel
  * Rasakila
  * Sreysros
  * Trofo
  * UBS
  * Vinifire
  * YummyPT
  * alanst
  * amore111
  * andrew1992
  * annetypt
  * bitcoinstein
  * cocoklogi
  * cyrilblondel
  * dalovar
  * dende93
  * echo4py
  * elybon
  * fariascl
  * gwb3
  * hakka
  * hantolegionosug_gtc_YmM1MT
  * hoangton
  * iluvbitcoins
  * jodaki84
  * josefelip
  * klicman
  * lomik
  * mareo
  * mateusnds
  * meatfreak
  * miswo
  * nedved
  * nejlika
  * ordtrogen
  * pansvetadielu456
  * phung237337
  * pryds
  * quellobiondo
  * raindogdance
  * rudygodoy
  * shimhyemin
  * sitthykun
  * telstar
  * thisistolis
  * tramyargabam
  * triplay
  * tsb
  * vit05
  * xendez
  * zshilor
  * Ã¦âÃ©â¢Â·

## How to get involved

Anyone who is fluent in a language that isnât English can help translate the
site. You can get started by following a few basic steps:

  1. Create a free [Transifex account](https://www.transifex.com/signup/).

  2. Browse to the [bitcoin.org translation project](https://www.transifex.com/bitcoinorg/bitcoinorg/), find the language youâre fluent in, and join the translation team associated with it.

  3. Once youâre on the team you can start translating. Go to the âDashboardâ on the top of the page, then to âLanguagesâ and select your language. You will see a lot of different resources and their progress. Each resource consists of a number of strings. A string is a âstringâ of text on bitcoin.org. The first resource (âbitcoin.orgâ) contains all strings for the main site. You can start there.

  4. Join the [Telegram group](https://t.me/bitcoinaroundtheworld), feel free to introduce yourself and let people know if you have questions. :)

## Special acknowledgments

In addition to the many volunteers, many of the advances and recent progress
in the translation project wouldnât be possible without the help of Simon
Hinterreiter and Koichi Hendrawan, who help manage and organize the
translation project, as well as the teams.

A special thanks is also owed to Transifex, for providing us with special
access to their platform.

## About bitcoin.org

Bitcoin.org was originally registered and owned by Satoshi Nakamoto and Martti
Malmi. When Satoshi left the project, he gave ownership of the domain to
additional people, separate from the Bitcoin developers, to spread
responsibility and prevent any one person or group from easily gaining control
over the Bitcoin project. Since then, the site has been developed and
maintained by different members of the Bitcoin community.

Despite being a privately owned site, its code is open-source and there have
been thousands of commits from hundreds of contributors from all over the
world. In addition to this, over a thousand translators have helped to make
the site display natively to visitors in their own languages â now 25
different languages and growing.

Bitcoin.org receives millions of visitors a year from people all over the
world who want to get started with and learn more about Bitcoin.

Posted to the [Bitcoin.org Site Blog](/en/blog) on 26 September 2019 by [Will
Binns](https://github.com/wbnns)

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/)
      * [Dansk](/da/)
      * [Deutsch](/de/)
      * [English](/en/)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/)
      * [Italiano](/it/)
      * [Magyar](/hu/)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/)
      * [Polski](/pl/)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/)
      * [Srpski](/sr/)
      * [Svenska](/sv/)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/)
      * [ááááá](/km/)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

