Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 16

# Orchestration: the key to digital asset management at scale

  *  __ June 11, 2021
  *  __31 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Forchestration-key-treccani-donoghue%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Forchestration-key-treccani-donoghue%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Welcome to METACO TALKS – Live conversations with the people operating at the
frontier of crypto innovation: entrepreneurs, bankers, investors, fund
administrators, traders, analysts and other crypto and digital asset market
participants. Our objective is to help the broader ecosystem navigate this
complex environment and unlock the market opportunity.

This event is hosted by METACO – the leading provider of security-critical
infrastructure enabling financial institutions to enter the digital asset
ecosystem.

This is a special episode. In a truly platform company fashion, everything we
do internally must be done in a way that can be also consumed externally. We
have transformed the onboarding session of two of our recent new joiners –
Craig Perrin (VP Sales) and Dario Duran (Solution Architect) – into a public-
facing METACO TALKS event.

Craig and Dario have interviewed METACO’s CEO, Adrien Treccani, and its VP of
Strategic Alliances, Seamus Donoghue, on anything from the digital asset
market opportunity to how institutions will manage the convergence of the CeFi
and DeFi worlds.

Topics addressed:  
[00:01:36] What does orchestration mean and what does it solve, particularly
in relation with the way the digital asset market evolves?

[00:07:37] Optionality vs avoiding technical debt – problem for both Tier 1
FI’s and crypto-native start-ups

[00:14:21] Trade-offs when you doing MPC versus HSM

[00:21:33] What’s next in the market and for METACO?

Disclaimer: This is not investment advice.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/11/mt-speaker_ep-16_dark-
blue_640x371px-e1675442603961.png?x88149)

### Full transcript

**Craig:  **[00:00:09] Hi, I’m Craig Perrin. I’m the VP of sales here at
METACO. Welcome to METACO Talks. This is the 16th episode in a series of live
conversations purely focused on how the future of digital assets is shaping
out.

Today’s session is somewhat different. We are turning the tables on ourselves;
rather than bringing in guests from the outside we’re interviewing today
METACO’s CEO, Adrien Treccani, and METACO’s VP of Strategic Alliances, Seamus
Donoghue. Together with my colleague, Dario Duran, who has joined METACO very
recently, we will be interviewing Adrien and Seamus.

Dario, good morning.

**Dario:  **[00:00:54] Thank you, Craig. I’m super excited to be part of the
show. To be fair, I don’t get in front of the camera very much. In this
episode, what I’m hoping that we get to do is we find out METACO’s latest
product, Harmonize; get a little bit of insight into it, how it fits into the
market, and some rationale behind what Adrien and Seamus have been doing in
strategizing on how to put METACO at the forefront of what’s happening in
digital asset custody.

For the audience, if you ever want to listen to the recordings of previous
conversations, just search for METACO Talks on YouTube, Spotify, Apple
Podcast, or any of the main podcast platforms. Looking forward to it. Enjoy!

**Craig:  **[00:01:36] Thanks, Dario. Let get going straightaway. Adrien, good
morning, and thank you for the opportunity to turn the tables. Dario and I
agree to be very quick, lots of good questions for you this morning.

First of all, METACO had recently launched and rebranded the core platform as
METACO Harmonize. The product is positioned as an end-to-end orchestration
layer really focused on the digital assets applications. If we just take a
step back, it will be great to hear from you around the orchestration, meaning
your thinking behind that phrase and behind utilizing that as a key component,
and particularly in relation to how you see the relation with the digital
asset market evolving in this space.

**Adrien:  **[00:02:29] I would like to mention how digital assets were
adopted over the last 10 years. The evolution of these markets, which started
as a very retail focused technology and platform started with exchanges, where
you could buy your cryptocurrencies and then expose them to a mobile wallet or
a computer device. That would be relatively painful. The user experience would
be low. The market started, with more and more companies getting into markets
and offering institutional services for the management of digital assets.

It started relatively easily with basic custody solutions, where the bank or
the company, which often were exchanges, would provide a single infrastructure
to manage Bitcoins, to manage Ethereum, and to manage some of the workflows
associated with these.

I would like to mention one example, that we faced as a company last year.
That led to a long discussion with the potential clients, that ultimately
turned to clients, for reasons that I’m going to explain. This really started
with the fact that this company, which is a pretty well-known company on the
markets, had built its own custody solution when they were founded. They built
a very specialized Bitcoin-centric solution to manage cryptocurrencies and to
offer such service to their clients. Pretty soon after this, they realized
that because it had been created at the early stage of the company, it was
relatively immature. Many things that could have been improved, so they
decided that they had to build a second iteration of this platform, which
would be much more professional, audited and certified in different ways, and
would complement what they had achieved with the first platform.

They did this and they were very successful with the second platform. They got
the certifications they needed, they improved on some of the services they had
created over the first platform. But they quickly realized that the tradeoff
they had gotten into was they had left something which was a bit immature but
agile, and now gotten into something which was very much high-quality
certified but very hard to evolve, very hard to add new currencies, very hard
to add new forms of use cases with decentralized finance with staking.

They ended up having to build and acquire additional solutions to complement
their offering – some which would even go as far as to consume retail
cryptocurrency management tools, like a ledger Nano S or Hardware Wallets. You
would never believe they would use this in an institutional environment, but
still they did. I think they still do.

The main friction they were facing at this time is they started accumulating
the values custody solution that they needed to serve their clients with
complete different approval processes, complete different key management
principles. What they ended up needing is a single way to orchestrate these
different custody back ends – these different ways to interact with
cryptocurrencies.

That’s only the beginning of the story. Ultimately, when you start thinking
about orchestration, you realize that it’s not just about custody. It is about
interacting with liquidity providers, exchanges, brokers. It is about
integrating compliance services so that when as a regulated company you
receive a deposit, you are able to know where the money is coming from and
associate some logic around this process. It is also about interacting with
the advanced capabilities of decentralized finance: borrowing, lending,
staking, which are getting more and more versatile and far-reaching and
require things which were certainly not planned even two or three years ago.
Every time you get one of these new blockchains on you on DeFi protocols, you
have to somehow rethink the way your system was consumed in the context of
your service.

This is how METACO was led to create this platform, METACO Harmonize. We
understood that there are values and fragmented offerings on the markets,
whether on the liquidity side, the custody side, the compliance side. There is
an increasingly significant need to consolidate these different offerings into
a single gateway, I would call it – a single secure way to orchestrate, to
access the services and make sure you have a single point of view of all of
these fragmented services. This is what METACO Harmonize is about. It is about
providing a single API, a single frontend that can evolve through time, that
can connect multiple custodians, multiple trading venues, multiple compliance
providers, yet to a single interface which can be connected just once into
your frontends that you offer to your clients and potentially into your back
ends. If you’re a bank, your core banking system that you have to connect to
deal with accounting, tax reporting, et cetera.

**Craig:  **[00:07:37] Adrien, thank you. Very interesting view. Seamus, if I
can come to you, Adrien mentioned banks in particular, if I think a little bit
around tier one financial institutions. Creating optionality and avoiding
technical debt is a compelling value proposition. Banks are continually
focused on cost management, and clearly the situation around digital assets is
a fast evolving landscape at this current moment in time. Banks are looking to
implement and create capability for their clients. Do you see this as a
problem, just for large tier one institutions or across the digital asset
infrastructure, or is it equally happening across the crypto native startups
as well?

**Seamus:  **[00:08:33] Thanks. I think Adrien gave very good context of the
evolution of the market. I’ll just emphasize some of the points there. Crypto
native should be the most agile and the most adapted to the space. What we’ve
seen in reality is, with digital assets it’s not just about having secure
solutions for keys, but the governance of the key. Any platform you have,
whether it’s self-custody, sub custody, other services like staking platform,
settlement networks – all of these need to have appropriate governance.

The solutions specific in those use cases have governance to them. But as the
space grows and you have multiple platforms, how do you manage each of those?
Who has access to that platform, that has its own set of rules? Let’s say a
separate self-custody solution has its own set of rules, a staking platform
has its own set of rules. You need something to bring those together, so as an
organization you have some sort of holistic single control process, single
operational and risk approach. That’s what crypto native is.

**Dario:  **[00:09:40] I was just going to say, absolutely. I couldn’t agree
with you more about the need for this type of middleware coordination layer
that’s in there. What strikes me though, and this is something that I want to
question both of you about – you guys decide who wants to answer – in the past
many weeks that I’ve been here as we start up I’ve been party to a few RFPs. I
still see this orchestration or this coordination layer as a nice-to-have from
the clients, the biggest banks in the world. Why is it that they haven’t yet
gotten to the point where they step away from thinking about digital custody
as the purchase of Blockchain nodes, plus key management, software, hardware,
plus compliance, AML type of software? They’re still very much lodged in this
puzzle fitting mode and, they haven’t I think yet developed the sense that
there’s a broader coordination function required. Why is that still the case,
or what can we do to help them?

**Seamus:  **[00:10:47] Well, why don’t I comment on that? Adrien described
the evolution of the market. I think when we have banks come to this space,
they’re much less mature in their thinking. They’re still trying to figure out
digital assets and what’s required.

We evolved from being a single custody framework. We became very flexible in
terms of how you could deploy multiple hardwares, the MPC, that was unique.
But I’d say that the custody space on its own is fairly mature, and what we’ve
observed is a single solution solves all your problems. You have different use
cases; you’re going to require different types of solutions.

I think some of the players that haven’t been in the market as long come to
the perception that a single, let’s call it silo, which is what we used to
call our product, solves all their problems. When in fact the space is growing
exponentially in many different directions, and it’s very hard to predict
which way, and you don’t want to make strategic decisions that close those
options very early on.

You may start with, let’s say MPC. Then then day two, you have got requirement
for hardware, and then it may be requirements for different types of hardware,
need to be a cloud based. All of these things impact your architecture. You’re
going to integrate all this. One, parametize them, as I said before, and then
integrate them all into your core infrastructure.

Now, that integration may not be such a big lift in a small agile firm, a
crypto native firm. But a bank, you don’t want to go to core integration more
than once. Once is painful enough. Things like, how many decimals the system
supports can be a massive roadblock, because we’ve seen basically decimals
matter in our space. These things become big issues.

One of the messages that we’re very focused on is orchestrations. We’ve seen
the market evolve from thinking there’s a single silo that’ll solve all your
problems, to try and get the message across that over time you’re going to
need a very flexible and agile solution. The key point about particularly when
you move into a banking space, is their infrastructure by default is not
agile. You’re talking about banks that are building a legacy on top of legacy
and legacy. It’s a cliché, but it is a spaghetti of infrastructure. You should
have a single point of integration to an orchestration framework, so you have
a single risk and control approach that you can abstract across all your
solutions, whether that’s the custody use case, self-custody, multiple self-
custody infrastructures.

There’s also a need here for redundant infrastructure. We just had Curve get
bought by PayPal, and those that are using Curve are, like, “Wait a second. We
have to get off this by year end, what are we going to do?” We see more and
more firms realizing they need no single dependency on core infrastructure;
they need multiple there.

There’s often a use case for sub custody. We work with some of the largest
security services firms in this space, Northern Trust, Standard Chartered, who
to be fair, they helped us design this framework. They came to us and said,
“We have self-custody,” which is direct custody and in the security services
space requirements. Again, it may be very prescriptive from regulators, what
type they have and different jurisdictions. They may have multiple instances
just like the crypto native firms. But then there’s jurisdictions where
they’re not regulated, and they need to rely on the network of sub custodians,
which is very normal in the traditional space. Larger firms can have upwards
towards a hundred sub custodians. Each of those will have their own policy,
their own risk and controls, their own accounting, their own position-keeping.
How do you manage all those discreet infrastructures? You can’t.

You need a single there to abstract those, manage them all from one point.
Otherwise, you’re going to have all sorts of control risk gaps, and in the end
the complexity of the system is going to be a disaster and it’s going to lead
to all sorts of problems in this space where risk and security are of the most
priority.

**Dario:  **[00:14:21] Absolutely, I agree a hundred percent. It’s one of the
reasons that I’m here, because METACO is a unique animal in this market with
regards to the orchestration foresight. I know that Adrien was looking at this
stuff already a couple of years ago as he’s developed it. The market is still
catching up on that regard.

I’m going to latch onto a particular aspect of what you were just covering.
You talked about Curve, you mentioned MPC as a protocol multiparty compute
type of infrastructure that’s making its way into the market. I see
increasingly players want to test it. They want to see if the promises are
true, can you really build out digital asset custody without having to have
hardware in house? When I hear statements like that, I think the problem that
they’re trying to solve is that they want to step away from having to hire
smart people that manage critical infrastructure, and they want to outsource
that somehow.

There’s a tradeoff that’s happening there. I’d like to hear maybe from either
of you, from Adrien, can you talk a little bit about the trade-offs that
you’re making when you’re doing MPC versus HSM, the hardware security module
implementations in-house?

**Adrien:  **[00:15:28] Absolutely. I can start with a few words about MPC
itself: what it is about and why was it invented in the context of key
management?

It’s been now the standout for many years to secure the cryptography keys in
special hardware – special hardware which is designed to protect these keys,
protect their confidentiality and ensure that any kind of attack attempt is
identified and the keys are potentially zeroed out so that it’s impossible
even with physical access to the containers or in this case to extract them.

Now, the main fragility of these hardware security modules which are
specialized for key management, is that they are pretty centralized. If you
get to hold one of these boxes, and let’s say you have an electronic
microscope and you would be able to open the chips and look inside (which in
principle is impossible, but theory is always bridged by attackers), you may
be able to extract the key, which is held in a single box. That’s the single
point of failure or the single point of compromise.

Also, if the manufacturer of this box makes a mistake; there is a bug or there
is a weakness in the hardware, it maybe in principle, it has happened in the
past that you HSA may be fragile to an attack and may leak the confidential
data.

If now we go to the multi-party computation, which is this more recent way of
dealing with cryptographic keys, MPC is about decentralizing and therefore
creating security through distribution of the key material. Rather than
saying, I have a super secure vault (which is my hardware security module) and
I assume that nobody can break, in the context of MPC, I say there is no
vault. Also, in principle, it’s very insecure, but I’m going to spread
fragments of this key in multiple locations such that the approach to break
the key is to break multiple locations or multiple data stores relatively at
the same time.

This debate is endless, because whether HSM or MPC is better is really a
question of security assumptions. Is it better to have a purpose built
hardware, which has survived decades without breach, but is centralized; or is
it better to have fragments of keys in the clouds in very basic virtual
machines or database, which are pretty insecure but distributed amongst
multiple parties and therefore it makes it harder to compromise at the same
time.

In this context, of course, we would be tempted to say that the ideal
situation would be a combination of the two, where you would have
decentralization with hardening – with special hardware capable of maintaining
these fragments. But the market is not there yet. I’m sure it will happen, but
the market is not there yet.

Still the fact is there is a lot of traction currently with multi-party
computation algorithms, because you don’t need hardware, and hardware is a
pain to maintain. Let’s be honest about it. You said it, if you want to
maintain hardware you need experts that maintain the hardware. Or you leverage
hardware in the clouds, which may be fully managed by your cloud provider. But
then you start having more trust into your cloud provider, which may be fine,
but some people are not comfortable with this idea.

MPC being fully software with mother and technologies, virtual machines,
Kubernetes, et cetera, you can really deploy your key management backend just
by pressing a couple of buttons. In this context, deploying a custody
infrastructure with MPC is something you can achieve in a short amount of time
with limited efforts, if you leverage this new technology.

Where do we position ourselves with METACO in this duality of HSM and MPC? We
think ultimately most companies are going to need both depending on the use
case, and depending on the country where they operate, depending on the laws,
depending on the best practices. There are countries where it is mandatory to
secure the keys with hardware, there are countries where it is mandatory to
air gap the keys in a completely isolated environment, and there are countries
where MPC is now getting traction and becoming the recommended approach.

But we know that depending on the use case, whether you want to have for
instance, long-term custody of your assets, potentially having an air gap
hardware is going to be more appropriate than MPC, which is much more agile
and potentially more prone to dynamic interactions or high-frequency
transactions. We believe – and this is what we observe – that there is a
requirement for plurality here, for more than one solution.

We come back to this narrative of orchestration. Why should you go to the
market and try to convince your clients that hardware is the solution or MPC
is the only solution, when in fact you can promote something which is agnostic
to it? You can leverage multiple brands of hardware, you can leverage
different kinds and different flavors and innovations on the multi-party
computation side also. This is what we’ve decided to do. This is how we’ve
been able to support banks in various jurisdictions, various countries. This
is also how we’ve been able to leverage the solution for many different use
cases, whether they’re relayed to tokenization, to trading, to long-term
custody; because we provide this flexibility which can satisfy both the long-
term sub custody and large CSDs or the asset managers that are much more agile
and want to be able to trade, stake, lend, borrow, et cetera.

**Dario:  **[00:21:30] Thank you

**Craig:  **[00:21:33] Thanks, Adrien. I’m conscious time is moving on with
the four of us. We should have probably had a bit more time. I think one thing
would be really interesting to talk about briefly. The company’s evolved from
a self-custody infrastructure, multi custody orchestration, many to many
interactions, tokens, trading exchanges, sub custodians. it’s covered a huge
amount. Already, even in my time, working with the team I’ve seen the history.

Probably a question, I’d like to get a view from both of you on this and maybe
also Dario, particularly for METACO, Adrien what do you see as what’s next?
Then maybe Seamus some comments from you on the same.

**Adrien:  **[00:22:28] Well, I think there are quite a few initiatives on the
market. I’m not going to say about what next for METACO explicitly, but what’s
next on the market. I can see that there are different initiatives to leverage
these new technologies like multi-party computation, to create consortium of
parties which share risk and distribute the risk even further beyond the
boundaries of your company. I think that’s a one market trend today. It’s
about creating even more decentralization beyond the boundaries of your
company so that you’re potentially cross border, you’re potentially subject to
multiple jurisdictions, and you avoid the single point of failure as relating
not just with technology but potentially politics, potentially the financial
stability of the different parties, et cetera.

I think that’s one of the trends that’s moving now. I also believe that with
the additional ease that is provided with the advanced technologies, self-
custody is going to become more prone to be used even by smaller companies,
which was in the past harder to consume because of its complexity. But we also
see that sub custodians are appearing in the markets – large custodians
offering the services to other smaller companies. I believe that the ability
to interact with sub custodians in this field is going to be paramount to the
success of digital assets adoption.

**Seamus:  **[00:23:57] Maybe just to add on a little bit more specifically
about us, I think we’ve evolved from a custody product company. We launched a
SaaS solution to more solutions. In the context of solutions, clients are
looking less for a product now to look for a full stack. We’re building out,
we have a number of strategic initiatives with partners about can complement
our solution, whether that’s things like AML trade, reporting, IFRS compliant
data, fund accounting type of solutions.

But I think more importantly we have a wallet. We continue to have a wallet,
we think it’s good. But as I said earlier, the wallet space or the custody
space, is pretty mature. Competitors may still see us in that box, as in the
custody competitor space. But I think with Harmonize, we’re a lot more
agnostic. A lot of those that we would call competitors, we’re more than happy
to collaborate on the Harmonize side.

Even though I would say we have a good wallet, we know clients will want more.
Clients will want our wallet, they want another wallet. They may not even want
our wallet at all. They may use two or three of our competitors and they have
a problem: how do I manage these three solutions, and how do I have the
ability to scale those to other solutions? Other self-custody, sub custody.
This is the reality of how the space is evolving, so we have Harmonize.

If you think of a competitor, maybe we’re potential partners in this space and
we can collaborate on providing solutions to clients that have that are facing
that pain point.

**Dario:  **[00:25:18] Seamus and Adrien and Craig, I’ll hand over it. If I
hear you too correctly, it means that if you feel that you’re part of this
ecosystem, if you feel that you’re part of the crypto stack, which should be
implemented either in a big financial institution, in financial infrastructure
companies, prime brokers, or an asset manager; if you feel you’ve got a
solution for them you should be talking to METACO about integrating with us.
Is that right?

**Seamus:  **[00:25:47] That’s the message. Thanks, Dario.

**Craig:  **[00:25:53] Great. We’re out of time. First of all, thank you for
the insights. I think with the background and the experience from yourself,
Adrien, Seamus and Dario as well, it’s been a phenomenal first quarter for me
joining the team. Great to be here. I appreciate your insights this morning.

Thank you for everyone joining. I hope you found it informative. Apologies, we
haven’t been able to take any questions from the audience. But if there are
any questions, we’re happy to take those through the usual channels.

The next METACO Talks is a live event from our virtual booth at The Network
Forum Annual Meeting, which will take place shortly. We will then be back on
the usual schedule in the coming week. The recordings are usually available
via the website and the usual method. Thanks everyone for joining, appreciate
it. Have a good day. Have a good weekend. Thanks all!

**Dario:  **[00:26:54] Thank you. Bye.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

