[![](/_nuxt/img/Nosana_Logo_horizontal_color_white.9b9a5b4.svg)](/)

Info

[Docs](https://docs.nosana.io) [GitHub](https://github.com/nosana-ci)
[Staking](https://app.nosana.io/stake/)

Community

[ Blog ](/blog) [__ Twitter](https://twitter.com/nosana_ai) [__
Discord](https://discord.gg/nosana-ai) [__
Telegram](https://t.me/NosanaCompute)

Company

[ Team page ](/team)

#  Join us

At Nosana, we’re on a mission to democratize the established cloud computing
industry. Want in? Great! We just so happen to be looking for new team
members.

[**View opportunities**](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nosana/jobs/)

![](/_nuxt/img/team.2ca1503.png)

#  About the  
Nosana team

We’re made up of very different people, but we all have a strong technical
background in blockchain and infrastructure engineering. And we’re united by
our drive for disruption. Using decentralized technologies, we’re making cloud
computing a safer place where people are free from the clutches of Big Tech
corporations.

##  Work from anywhere

###  A global network of people

Development is a round-the-clock job. With our team working from different
time zones, there’s always Nosana people building, iterating, and innovating.
But even more importantly, this allows for a healthier work-life balance.

![](/_nuxt/img/globe_animated.33cdf1d.svg)

##  Who we’re looking for

Developers, marketers, content creators, community moderators, designers: we’d
love to have you. And if your title isn’t on that list but you’re passionate
about our mission: we’d love to have you as well!

[**Open application**](https://www.linkedin.com/company/nosana/jobs/)

#  Get to know us better

![](/_nuxt/img/Sjoerd.abc08f9.png)

##  Sjoerd

Our code guru. C++, Kubernetes, Rust, Python. You name it, he knows it. 10+
years in crypto and corporate industry with experience developing funded
companies at executive level leadership roles. Studied A.I. at Amsterdam
University. Digital native since birth and a passionate kitesurfer.

![](/_nuxt/img/Jesse.c589ba5.png)

##  Jesse

Our blockchain expert. 10+ years in the crypto industry with experience
developing funded companies at executive level leadership roles. Studied A.I.
at Amsterdam University. Passion for a decentralized world.

![](/_nuxt/img/Wesley.9e6f5d7.png)

##  Wesley

Our marketing wizard. 7+ years experience with building brands, leading teams
& working with a wide range of marketing budgets. In charge of developing the
strategy for Nosana advertising and branding, as well as customer outreach.
Studied a Double Psychology major at Amsterdam University with a post-master
degree in Digital Marketing & Strategy. Passion for gaming.

![](/_nuxt/img/Rochelle.673dbeb.png)

##  Rochelle

Our spider in the web. Currently leads social platform development and handles
most platform communication between the team & community. Performance coach
with 15+ years of people management and a passion for building out
decentralized community platforms that work.

![](/_nuxt/img/Laurens.e504cc1.png)

##  Laurens

Our mathematical genius and allround developer. Hailing from a far-off galaxy,
he’s programming our planet and turning us all into mathematical equations. An
accomplished time traveler, many of you may recognize him by his former name,
Archimedes, the father of mathematics.

![](/_nuxt/img/Nahil.e36e04f.png)

##  Nahil

Our graphic design extraordinaire. Using traditional art tools and computer
software to communicate ideas, he develops the overall layout and production
design for everything we do.

![](/_nuxt/img/David.0b67536.png)

##  David

Our software developer who is proficient in various programming languages and
frameworks. He’s also a pro at agile methodologies and best practices for
software development. David enjoys breaking things apart to figure out how
they work. When he is not coding, David likes to be outdoors rock climbing,
hiking, and spending time with friends.

![](/_nuxt/img/Sean.3d17da9.png)

##  Sean

Sean is an accomplished entrepreneur who loves to create value and impact
through his ventures. He’s an active advisor, mentor, community builder, and
coach who supports aspiring and established entrepreneurs in their journeys.
He shares his insights and expertise on topics such as innovation, leadership,
growth, and sustainability. Sean enjoys traveling, reading, and spending time
with his family and friends.

![](/_nuxt/img/Michalina.3b4800f.png)

##  Michalina

Our junior graphic designer has a knack for creating eye-catching visuals.
Whether it’s an element, flyer, or a social media post image, Michalina always
delivers stunning designs that capture attention and convey the message. In
her spare time, she enjoys playing a wide range of board games with friends.

![](/_nuxt/img/Bourjois.d5c552f.png)

##  Bourjois

Our business development lead and strategic advisor. Bourjois is passionate
about Web3 and blockchain technologies and how they can transform the way we
do business. He has a strong background in business operations, project
management, and stakeholder relations. He enjoys collaborating with diverse
teams and building long-term partnerships. In his free time, he is a hoop
master who dish, swish, and assist.

![](/_nuxt/img/Jair.2c2ff47.png)

##  Jaïr

Our software developer who turns ideas into reality. Jaïr has a passion for
coding and building innovative solutions that make a difference. He’s also
adept at working in agile teams and following best practices for software
quality and security. Jaïr loves to learn new things and explore new
possibilities with his code. In his free time, Jaïr likes to go to concerts
and play football.

[Home](/) [Docs](https://docs.nosana.io) [Team](/team) [Contact](/contact)

[__](https://twitter.com/nosana_ai)[__](https://discord.gg/nosana-
ai)[__](https://t.me/NosanaCompute)[__](https://nosana.medium.com/)[__](https://github.com/nosana-
ci)

![](/_nuxt/img/footer-logo.85bfcff.svg)

© NOSANA 2024

