Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

TERMS OF SERVICE

These Terms of Service for LN Tech FZE ("Terms") regulate the services
provided by Luganodes, a private limited company based in UAE ("Luganodes"),
and the user ("User") as described in "LN Tech FZE SERVICES" below.

User agrees to be bound by these Terms by delegating Tokens to Luganodes (=
action suggesting intent). If the User does not agree with, understand, or is
unable to comply with these Terms, the User shall not delegate its Tokens to
Luganodes. As a result, before delegating Tokens to Luganodes, please
carefully read these Terms.

Please contact us at info@luganodes.com for any questions or issues.

HENCE, acknowledging the mutual agreements contained below, Luganodes and User
hereby agree as follows:

1\. IMPORTANT TERMS AND RULES OF INTERPRETATION

1.1 Certain Definitions and Rules of Interpretation. The terms defined in this
section, whenever used in these Terms shall have the meanings defined below:

"Affiliate" implies, concerning any Person, any other Person directly or
indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common control with such
Person.

"Block Rewards" means additional tokens that are newly minted as an increase
to the total supply of tokens.

"Disputes" has the meaning assigned to such a term in section 6.2.

"Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any state or other
political subdivision thereof, any entity exercising legislative, judicial, or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government, including, without
limitation, any government authority, agency, department, board, commission or
instrumentality, and any court, tribunal or arbitrator(s) of competent
jurisdiction, and any self-regulatory organization.

"hereof," "herein," "hereunder," "hereby" and words of similar import will
unless otherwise stated, be construed to refer to these Terms as a whole and
not to any particular provision of these Terms.

"include(s)" and "including" shall be construed to be followed by the words
"without limitation" unless the context requires otherwise.

"Laws" means all laws, statutes, legal requirements, ordinances, rules,
rulings, regulations, judgments, injunctions, orders, and decrees enacted,
promulgated, or issued by any Governmental Authority.

"Network": A "Proof-of-Stake Network" is a digital blockchain ledger whereon
transactions in digital tokens are recorded and stored as a result of the
coordinated activities of a distributed, peer-to-peer network ("Network") of
software clients ("Nodes") running a consensus protocol.

"or" shall be construed to be the "inclusive or" rather than "exclusive or"
(i.e., shall be read as "and/or") unless the context requires otherwise.

"Person" means an individual or legal entity or person, including a government
or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

"Service Fees" means the amount paid to Validator Nodes for exercising Users’
Validation Rights on the Network. Service Fees are usually expressed as a
percentage of the total Block Rewards and Transaction Fees earned.

"Token" means any amount (including any fractional amount) of digital tokens
transacted on the Network with transactions being recorded on the blockchain.

"Transaction Fees" means any amount of digital tokens paid to the Network by
transactions. A part or the entirety of digital tokens paid in that way may be
distributed to Users exercising their Validation Rights and Validator Nodes on
the Network.

"User" is a holder of Tokens who delegates Tokens to Luganodes to be eligible
to receive Block Rewards and Transaction Fees by exercising its Validation
Rights on the Network.

"Validator Node": for purposes of network efficiency, only a limited number of
Nodes are permitted to exercise Validation Rights on the Network at any given
time.

"Validation Rights": users owning Tokens native to a specific Network can
participate in maintaining the Network, where the amount of Tokens owned in
relation to the total supply of Tokens in the Network is indicative of their
Validation Rights within the Network. Validation Rights can be delegated to
Validator Nodes on the Network allowing any Token holder to participate in
maintaining the Network.

The parties hereto agree that any rule of construction to the effect that
ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party shall not be applied
in the construction or interpretation of these Terms.

LN Tech FZE SERVICES

2.1 Services: The software and infrastructure required to run a Validator Node
on the Network are managed by Luganodes. When Luganodes is chosen to run a
Validator Node on the Network, Luganodes provides services to the User by
allowing the User to exercise its Validation Rights on the Network via
Luganodes' Validator Node in exchange for Service Fees. The User is a Token
holder who ceded tokens to Luganodes in order to receive Block Rewards and
Transaction Fees by exercising its Validation Rights on the Network.

2.2 Responsibility: Subject to these Terms, including the User Eligibility
Conditions, Luganodes will use commercially reasonable efforts to operate the
Validating Node in a way that facilitates the exercise of the User's
Validation Rights with regard to the User's Tokens, if any, that are Delegated
to Luganodes as of such times, during the times, if any, that Luganodes is one
of the Persons chosen on the Network to operate a Validating Node (such
operation of the Validating Node, the "Services"). In accordance with relevant
industry standards, Luganodes runs the Service with diligence and
professionalism.

2.3 Conditions Precedent to Luganodes' Service Obligations

Luganodes shall not have any obligation to perform the Services at any time if
any one or more of the following conditions precedent is not satisfied as of
such time:

  * The representations and warranties of User set forth in the “REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF USER”, hereunder are accurate and complete as of all times on and after agreeing to these Terms while User possesses Validation Rights that are Delegated to Luganodes.
  * The Maximum Validator Number of Persons authorized to Operate a Validator Node on the Network includes Luganodes.
  * Neither User's Delegation of Validation Rights to Luganodes, nor Luganodes' performance of Services for User, constitutes or is reasonably expected to result in a breach, default, contravention, or violation of any Law applicable to User or Luganodes, or contract or agreement to which User or Luganodes is a party or by which User or Luganodes is bound, including these Terms and the Network Agreements.

The User understands and agrees that the Network's technologies and activities
are unique, experimental, and speculative and that there is significant
uncertainty regarding the application of existing Law to them. As a result,
without limiting the generality of the foregoing or any other provision of
these Terms, circumstances in which one or more of the aforementioned
conditions precedents may fail to be met or Luganodes may have a claim against
User for an improper delegation include, but are not limited to:

  * that tokens, one or more tokens involved in the Network are considered to be securities under any potentially applicable Law, and therefore the practice of operating as a Validating Node may require specific registrations, licenses, or permits not held by Luganodes;
  * that User is or becomes subject to sanctions imposed by any applicable Governmental Authority (such as being added to the "OFAC list"); and
  * that under relevant anti-money laundering, "know-your-customer," or similar standards or regulations, Luganodes is regarded to be a "money transmitter," but cannot adequately comply with the accompanying duties due to the Network's decentralized, open-source, permissionless nature.

The user acknowledges and understands that due to the permissionless,
decentralized design of the Network:

  * any Person holding tokens can anonymously Delegate their Validation Rights to Luganodes on the Network, and thus Luganodes cannot prevent any such Person from receiving the Services under normal circumstances; and
  * Luganodes may be unable to ascertain important information regarding Users, such as the User's name, country of origin, country of residence, age, good standing, legal status, affiliations, entity type, and criminal history.
  * As a result, there may be times when one or more of the conditions specified in clause "(a)" above are not met, but Luganodes is oblivious to this fact and continues to provide Services to the User.

(c) If User can reasonably expect that any of the conditions described in
clause "(a)" above will not be satisfied before Delegating Validation Rights
to Luganodes, User shall not Delegate any Validation Rights to Luganodes, and
if User can reasonably expect that any of such conditions will no longer be
satisfied after Delegating Validation Rights to Luganodes, User shall
immediately revoke such Delegation.

(d) Without limiting the generality of Section 8.9, User acknowledges and
agrees that by providing Services to User while having no specific knowledge
that such condition is not satisfied with respect to User, the Network shall
not be deemed to have waived any of the conditions described in clause "(a)"
above, or waived or released any claim, right, power, privilege, or remedy
related thereto, and may terminate its Services to User after learning of such
non-satisfaction. User may be responsible to Luganodes for monetary or other
damages if it Delegates its Validation Rights to Luganodes or fails to rescind
a previously made Delegation when any of the conditions mentioned in clause
"(a)" above is not met.

2.4 Validator Node Status is not guaranteed:

There can be no guarantee or assurance that Luganodes will function as a
Validator Node at all or for any certain amount of time, and Luganodes makes
no representation, warranty, or promise to that effect. The failure of
Luganodes to become or remain a Validator Node shall not constitute a
violation of any part of these Terms or create any liability or obligation of
Luganodes to the User.

2.5 Fork Handling:

Like other decentralized, open-source blockchains and blockchain protocols,
the Network may experience "forks." Forks occur when some or all of the people
running the software clients for a specific blockchain adopt a new client or a
new version of an existing client that: (a) changes the protocol rules in a
backward-compatible or backward-incompatible way that affects which
transactions can be added into later blocks, how later blocks are added to the
blockchain, or other matters relating to the protocol's future operation; or
(b) reorganizes or changes past blocks to alter the history of the blockchain.
Some forks are "contentious," and as a result, two or more lasting alternate
versions of the protocol or blockchain may be perceived or claimed to be the
genuine continuation of the original. Luganodes may be unable to predict,
control, or influence the incidence or result of Network or other blockchain
splits, and assumes no risk, responsibility, or duty in this regard. Without
limiting the extent of the foregoing, Luganodes assumes no duty for informing
Users of pending, threatened, or actual forks. Luganodes will respond to any
forks in its full and absolute discretion, and Luganodes shall have no duty or
liability to the User if such action benefits Luganodes at the expense of the
User. Without limiting the generality of the preceding, Luganodes' possible
and permissible responses to a fork include, among other things, (i)
continuing to serve as a Validating Node on both chains; (ii) serving as a
Validating Node only on one chain; (iii) ceasing to serve as a Validating Node
on both chains; or (iv) switching from serving as a Validating Node on one
such chain to serving as In the case of a Network fork, the same amount of
tokens/Validation Rights that were bonded/Delegated to Luganodes on the
original chain will be bonded/Delegated to Luganodes on the forked chain by
default. If Luganodes does not choose to support both chains, the User's
Validation Rights and Voting Rights on the unsupported chain may go
unexecuted, and the User may temporarily or permanently lose tokens, Block
Rewards, or Transaction Fees on the unsupported chain. User assumes full
responsibility for autonomously staying informed about prospective forks and
managing User's interests in connection with them, including possibly
withdrawing a Delegation to the public key of Luganodes' Validator Node on a
fork that Luganodes does not support.

2.6 Selective Code Deference:

Except as otherwise specified in these Terms, the outcomes of Network
operation shall be determinative of the rights and duties of and shall be
final, binding on, and non-appealable by, each of the parties to these Terms.
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, User acknowledges and agrees
that taking any action or exercising any right, power, or privilege that a
Validating Node on the Network may take or exercise shall not constitute a
breach, violation, or contravention of these Terms or any duty or obligation
owed by Luganodes to User and that any percentage of Block Rewards,
Transaction Fees, or other rewards paid to Luganodes as a consequence of
Network operation constitute Service Fees and shall be the exclusive and
exclusive property of Luganodes, with no claim, rights, or interests in them.
In the event that any legally binding contract or agreement between or
involving User and Luganodes that is implied by, or embodied in, the machine,
assembly, or other code involved in, or the results of operation of, the
Network or any blockchain thereof conflicts or is inconsistent in any manner
with these Terms, these Terms shall take precedence over such other contract
or agreement.

3\. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF USER

User represents and warrants to Luganodes that, as of the date of entering
into these Terms and any subsequent date, User possesses any Validation Rights
Delegated to Luganodes:

3.1 Status:

If User is an individual, User is of legal age in the jurisdiction where User
resides and is of sound mind and body. If User is a business entity, it is
properly organized, legitimately existing, and in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction in which it is organized, and it possesses all of the
necessary power and authority for a business entity of its kind to carry on
its business as it is presently carried on.

3.2 Power and Authority:

The User possesses all of the necessary ability, power, and authority to
accept the terms and conditions of these Terms, as well as to carry out and
execute its duties under these Terms. These Terms are a legal, legitimate, and
binding obligation of User that can be enforced against User in line with
their terms.

3.3 No Conflict; Compliance with Law:

User's acceptance of these Terms and delegation of its Validation Rights to
Luganodes do not constitute, and cannot reasonably be expected to result in
(with or without notice, a lapse of time, or both) a breach, default,
contravention, or violation of any Law, regulation, decree, or legal
restriction, tax regulation or obligation, or any order or judgment of any
court or other government agency applicable to User, or contract or agreement
to which User is a party. User specifically acknowledges that it will
completely comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including the
Swiss Anti-Money Laundering Act, the Swiss Banking Act, the Swiss Financial
Services Act, the Swiss Collective Investment Schemes Act, and the Swiss
Collective Investment Schemes Act, and any other equivalent laws and
regulations.

3.4 Persons Subject to Sanctions:

User is not, and is not owned or controlled by, or acting on behalf of, any
other Person identified on any list of prohibited parties maintained by any
Law or by any Governmental Authorities, such as, for example, the lists
maintained by the United Nations Security Council, the United States
government (including the U.S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated
Nationals list and Foreign Sanctions Evaders list), the European Union (EU) or
its member states, and the government of User's country of citizenship. User
is not situated, habitually resident, organized, established, or domiciled in
Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, the Crimea area (including Sevastopol),
or any other nation or jurisdiction against which the United States maintains
economic sanctions or an arms embargo. Tokens issued by Users are not sourced
from, or otherwise represent the proceeds of, any unlawful or illegal
activity.

3.5 No Claim, Loan, Ownership Interest, or Investment Purpose:

User understands and agrees that neither User's Delegation of Validation
Rights and Voting Rights to Luganodes, nor Luganodes' provision of Services
hereunder: (a) represents or constitutes a loan or contribution of capital to,
or other investment in, Luganodes; or (b) provides User with any ownership
interest, equity, security, or right to or interest in Luganodes' assets,
rights, properties, revenues, or profits, or any voting rights whatsoever in,
Luganodes; or (c) creates or suggests any fiduciary or other agency connection
between Luganodes and any of its directors, officers, employees, agents, or
Affiliates, or entitles User to any fiduciary or similar responsibility on the
behalf of any of the above Persons. User is not engaging in these Terms or
delegating Validation Rights or Voting Rights to Luganodes to make an
investment in Luganodes or its securities, but rather to obtain the Services
from Luganodes. User acknowledges and accepts that Luganodes will not receive
or hold any Block Rewards or Transaction Fees on User's behalf and that the
Network has no obligation or control over whether the Network delivers Block
Rewards or Transaction Fees to User. The sole responsibility of Luganodes
under these Terms is to execute the Services in accordance with the terms and
circumstances set out in these Terms, which may, but is not guaranteed to,
result in the User obtaining Block Rewards and Transaction Fees directly
through Network operations.

3.6 Non-Reliance:

The user is well-versed, experienced, and intelligent in the use and
evaluation of the Network and related technologies. In deciding to Delegate
any Validation Rights or Voting Rights to Luganodes and enter into these
Terms, User has conducted its own thorough independent investigation and
analysis of the Network and the other matters contemplated by these Terms, and
has not relied on any information, statement, omission, representation or
warranty, express or implied, written or oral, made by or on behalf of
Luganodes in connection therewith.

4\. LIMITED WARRANTY OF LUGANODES

LUGANODES REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO THE USER THAT IT WILL MAKE REASONABLE
COMMERCIAL EFFORTS TO PROVIDE THE SERVICE WITHOUT INTRODUCING ERRORS OR
OTHERWISE CORRUPTING ANY DATA SUBMITTED BY THE USER. THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND
AGREES THAT, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THESE TERMS, THE SERVICE,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE BLOCKCHAIN DATA AND THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED THEREIN, IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITH ALL FAULTS AND
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. LUGANODES MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES
THAT THE SERVICE WILL COMPLY WITH ANY OBLIGATIONS THAT THE USER MAY HAVE UNDER
APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS, OR SIMILAR OBLIGATIONS. LUGANODES SHALL
NOT BE LIABLE OR RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, LIABILITIES, SLASHING PENALTIES,
LOSSES, COSTS, OUT-OF-POCKET COSTS, OR EXPENSES (INCLUDING ATTORNEYS' FEES),
WHETHER DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR
OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF, IN CONNECTION WITH OR RELATING TO THE USER’S
COMPLIANCE WITH ANY OBLIGATIONS UNDER ANY APPLICABLE LAWS, RULES, REGULATIONS,
OR SIMILAR OBLIGATIONS. WITHOUT LIMITING THE GENERALITY OF THE FOREGOING,
LUGANODES DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT (I) THE SERVICE WILL BE ERROR-
FREE, UNINTERRUPTED, OR AVAILABLE AT ALL TIMES; OR (II) THE SERVICE WILL
REMAIN COMPATIBLE WITH, OR OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION ON, ANY EQUIPMENT
PROVIDED BY USER. (III) THE USER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT TECHNICAL
PROBLEMS MAY PREVENT LUGANODES FROM PROVIDING ALL OR A PORTION OF THE SERVICE
AND (IV) EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE FIRST SENTENCE OF THIS SECTION,
MAKES NO WARRANTIES AND THE USER RECEIVES NO WARRANTIES REGARDING OR RELATING
TO THE SERVICE, AND LUGANODES HEREBY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS, OVERRIDES, AND
EXCLUDES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, OTHER CONTRACTUAL TERMS, REPRESENTATIONS,
INDEMNITIES AND GUARANTEES REGARDING THE SERVICE, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, OR
STATUTORY, RESULTING FROM LAW, CUSTOM, PRIOR ORAL OR WRITTEN STATEMENTS BY
LUGANODES OR ANY OF ITS AGENTS OR AFFILIATES, OR OTHERWISE (INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, TITLE, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, UNINTERRUPTED
USE, NONINFRINGEMENT, TIMELINESS, TRUTHFULNESS, SEQUENCE, AND ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS, AND OTHER CONTRACTUAL TERMS ARISING FROM TRANSACTION
USAGE, COURSE OF DEALING, OR COURSE OF PERFORMANCE).

5\. LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY

The User acknowledges and agrees that Luganodes shall not be liable or
responsible for any damages, liabilities, losses, costs, out-of-pocket costs,
or expenses (including attorneys' fees), whether direct, indirect, special,
incidental, consequential, punitive, or otherwise of any kind, to the extent
permitted by law (including, without limitation, any loss of revenue, loss of
actual or anticipated profits, loss of contracts, loss of the use of money,
loss of anticipated savings, loss of business, loss of opportunity, loss of
goodwill, loss of reputation or loss of, damage to or corruption of data), in
each case arising out of or relating to claims of breach of contract, tort,
including negligence, strict liability, negligent misrepresentation,
restitution, breach of statutory duty, or any other cause of action whatsoever
relating to these Terms, the Service, or any other matters or services
contemplated hereby. Without limiting the foregoing, the User acknowledges and
agrees that Luganodes shall not be held liable for: any loss or theft of
digital assets, including but not limited to private keys; transaction errors
made by the User; late execution or settlement of any transaction whatsoever;
incorrect booking of transactions or the presence of an error in ordering the
booking of transactions in a blockchain; any security breach or any problem in
the technology stacks employed, including but not limited to programming
languages and open-source libraries; any User configuration or installation
difficulties. Luganodes' liability for damages under these Terms shall in any
case be limited to, and under no circumstances shall exceed, the portion of
Service Fees received by Luganodes that demonstrably arose as a result of the
User's particular Delegation of its particular Validation Rights to Luganodes.

6\. FEES

Luganodes will be paid a Service Fee for their services. The Network normally
charges and distributes this Service Fee to Luganodes automatically, with
certain exceptions for Networks that do not automate this procedure (e.g.
Tezos, Mina, and Helium). The Service Fee is stored and documented in the
metadata of each Luganodes Validation Node on each separate Network's digital
ledger and/or accessible by Network observation toolings (block explorers). It
is also available on the Luganodes website, https://www.luganodes.com.

7\. TERM AND TERMINATION

The Service under these Terms will start on the Start Date. The Start Date of
the Service is the date on which the User first delegates any Token(s) to
Luganodes.

Either party may terminate these Terms: (a) at any time for any or no reason
(i) by delivering written notice of termination to the other Party, (ii) in
the case of User, by retracting their Tokens, or (iii) in the case of
Luganodes, by taking steps to shut down the Validator Node or, if technically
possible, denying/terminating User's delegation of Tokens to Luganodes, (b) if
the other party substantially breaches a condition of these provisions, with
immediate effect; in each event, the termination is subject to any
restrictions on termination contained in the Additional Terms and the terms of
the Supported Blockchain.

Upon termination, the User must (i) discontinue usage of the Service; (ii)
initiate re-delegation and unbonding of the Tokens, if applicable; and (iii)
pay to Luganodes any fees and costs owed up to the termination date. Luganodes
shall pay to the User its applicable Block Rewards less Luganodes costs upon
termination. Furthermore, the termination of these Terms for any reason shall
not affect Luganodes' claim to any fees and costs owed. All licenses to access
and use the Services will also expire upon termination of these Terms, and the
User will immediately cease all such access and use.

Any responsibilities and liabilities that, by their nature, continue beyond
the expiration or termination of these Terms, including, without limitation,
accrued rights to payment, warranty disclaimers, and limits of liability, will
survive the expiration or termination of these Terms.

8\. MISCELLANEOUS

8.1 Governing Law:

These Terms are regulated by and construed in line with Swiss substantive law.

8.2 Jurisdiction:

All issues arising out of or in connection with these Terms, including those
concerning its completion, binding effect, revision, and termination, shall be
decided exclusively by the regular courts of Luganodes.

8.3 Successors and Assigns:

  1. These Terms will benefit the parties and their respective permitted successors, assigns, transferees, and delegates, and will be binding on all of the foregoing persons as well as any Person who may otherwise succeed to any right, obligation, or liability under these Terms by operation of law or otherwise. User shall not share, provide a copy of, or transfer to any Person the private key associated with any tokens for which Validation Rights have been Delegated to Luganodes without first notifying such Person that such Person shall be bound by and become a party to these Terms by making any use of such private keys while such Delegation is in effect.
  2. Except as provided in 6.3(1), no rights, responsibilities, or liabilities of User may be assigned, transferred or delegated to any Person without Luganodes' prior written agreement. To the greatest extent authorized by applicable Law, Luganodes may freely assign, transfer, or delegate its rights, responsibilities, and liabilities under these Terms.

8.4 Entire Terms:

These Terms comprise the parties' complete agreement relating to the subject
matter hereof and supersede all prior or contemporaneous agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, between the parties.

8.5 Severability:

Should any portion or term of these Terms be deemed illegal by any competent
court, governmental or administrative authority with jurisdiction, the other
sections of these Terms will continue in effect. In this situation, the
Parties shall make every effort to negotiate a substitute provision that best
represents the Parties' economic purposes while being enforceable, and shall
execute all agreements and papers needed in this regard. The same shall apply
if and to the extent that any gaps or omissions are discovered in these Terms.

8.6 Notices:

All notifications under these Terms must be in writing (including e-mail).
Notices shall be regarded as given when they are received.

8.7 Force Majeure:

Luganodes shall not be liable or penalized for failing to perform any act or
fulfill any obligation under this agreement due to any occurrence beyond its
control (including any provision of any present or future law or regulation or
any act of any Governmental Authority, any act of God or war or terrorism, or
the unavailability, disruption or malfunction of the Internet, the World Wide
Web or any other electronic network the Network or any aspect thereof, or any
consensus attack, or hack, or denial-of-service or other attacks, on the
Network or any aspect thereof, or on the software and infrastructure that
enables Luganodes to operate the Validating Node.); provided, however, that
Luganodes shall use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with accepted
practices in the industries in which Luganodes operates, as applicable, to
resume performance as soon as reasonably practicable under the circumstances.

8.8 Amendments:

Luganodes reserves the right to alter these Terms at any moment under
justified circumstances. Such changes must be communicated in advance and in a
suitable way by Luganodes. The User is assumed to have accepted the revisions
unless an objection is submitted in writing within one month of notification,
but in any case when the service is first utilized. In the case of an
objection, the customer may, subject to particular agreements, immediately
discontinue the business relationship.

8.9 No Waiver:

No failure or delay on the part of any Person in exercising any power, right,
privilege, or remedy under these Terms shall be construed as a waiver of such
power, right, privilege, or remedy; and no single or partial exercise of any
such power, right, privilege, or remedy shall preclude any other or further
exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege, or remedy. No Person
shall be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of these Terms, or any
power, right, privilege, or remedy under these Terms, unless such waiver is
expressly outlined in a written instrument duly executed and delivered on such
Person's behalf; and any such waiver shall not be applicable or have any
effect except in the specific instance in which it is given.

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

