[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain") __
  * ... __
  * Bitcoin Layer 2s: What They Are and How They Work

# Bitcoin Layer 2s: What They Are and How They Work

By **Mohammad Musharraf**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Mohammad-104x104.jpeg)

Jan 4, 2024 | **Updated May 28, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Bitcoin%20Layer%202s%3A%20What%20They%20Are%20and%20How%20They%20Work&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-layer-2s-what-
they-are-and-how-they-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-
work&title=Bitcoin%20Layer%202s%3A%20What%20They%20Are%20and%20How%20They%20Work
"Reddit")

![Blockchain on an orange background](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/02_Blockchain_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— Bitcoin is the world’s first, functional, and fully decentralized ‘peer-to-
peer (P2P) money’, and now, the biggest blockchain by market capitalization.  
  
— To maximize security and decentralization, the network compromised
scalability which has caused high fees and slow transaction times as more
users joined the network.  
  
— Bitcoin Layer 2s aim to boost scalability while retaining the base layer’s
decentralization and security standard, unlocking a better user experience,
and new avenues for Bitcoin-powered innovations.  
  
Since its inception in 2008, [Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-
bitcoin) (BTC) has captured the attention of individuals, governments, and
traditional finance institutions alike. As the first decentralized
cryptocurrency and the largest blockchain by market share, Bitcoin’s status as
the flagship cryptocurrency is undeniable.

However, Bitcoin’s growth has not been all smooth sailing, as the network’s
increased popularity has led to severe network congestion. At peak times,
excessive fees and high wait times have made BTC unsuitable for small day-to-
day transactions. These issues have laid bare the dire need for a scaling
solution for Bitcoin to accommodate the increased pressure on the network.

In this article, you will learn about what Bitcoin Layer 2s are, how they
work, their key use cases, and some of the leading Bitcoin Layer 2 networks
today.

## What is Bitcoin Layer 2?

Layer 1 and Layer 2 are terms that help distinguish between different networks
within a single blockchain ecosystem. A Layer-1 network – which can also be
referred to as a “parent chain” or “mainnet” in different contexts – is the
fundamental blockchain. By contrast, Layer 2 solutions are secondary networks
built on top of Layer 1’s architecture.

The purpose of a Layer 2 solution is to reduce the load on Layer 1 by
bypassing its technical limitations while taking advantage of its strengths.
Thus Bitcoin Layer 2s are networks that run on top of the main blockchain,
primarily to increase its capacity to process transactions, but they can also
increase usability in some other ways.

Think of Bitcoin as a professor with too many exams to grade transactions to
process. A layer 2 blockchain is an effective teaching assistant that does a
bulk of the work grading the papers, before returning them to the professor to
be officially logged.

In the same way, Layer 2 processes transactions off-chain, before sending them
back to be added to the Bitcoin blockchain.

## Why Do Bitcoin Layer 2s Matter?

### **Increasing Scalability**

The Bitcoin network takes about 10 minutes to finalize a single set of
transactions  –  only seven transactions per second (TPS) on average.

This clogs the network during peak traffic and spikes transaction fees. For
instance, in April 2021, users paid over $62 per transaction. While this may
not be an issue for large transactions, it quickly becomes impractical for
micropayments and point-of-sale transactions.

What’s more, scaling the Bitcoin blockchain itself is effectively not an
option, as this would require a trade-off in security or decentralization, per
Vitalik Buterin’s concept of the [Blockchain
Trilemma](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-blockchain-trilemma).

In essence, The Blockchain Trilemma is the idea that any blockchain network
can only optimize for two out of three main pillars: decentralization,
security, and speed/scalability. Therefore, as the Bitcoin network settled on
the former two pillars, it had to compromise on scalability.

This wasn’t an issue when transaction volumes were low. But as more users
worldwide adopted Bitcoin, the network’s inability to scale caused performance
bottlenecks. Users experienced this network congestion in the form of high
fees and long transaction times

Bitcoin Layer 2s improve scalability by processing transactions off-chain to
unburden the Layer 1.

### **Increasing Utility**

Given its purpose as a digital currency, Bitcoin’s design only caters to two
specific use cases. Namely, it enables censorship-resistant, trustless P2P
transactions, and it provides the tech stack for Bitcoin to remain a
deflationary store of value.

Of course, this limited core functionality is one of Bitcoin’s key features,
not a bug. It is part of what makes the network so robust and tamper-
resistant.

On the other hand, this lack of functionality can make it difficult for
developers to innovate and build upon Bitcoin’s revolutionary technology stack
by drastically expanding the functionality of the network, Bitcoin Layer 2s
provides a viable way to unlock additional use cases. By utilizing Layer 2
networks, users with [Bitcoin
wallets](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) can take advantage of
web3 staples like smart contracts, DeFi services, and digital assets/NFTs  

So that explains what benefits Layer 2s intend to offer Bitcoin users, but how
exactly do they accomplish this?

## How Do Bitcoin Layer 2s Work?

While the overall purpose of Layer 2s is the same, they differ in the way they
help the Bitcoin network process transactions

### State Channels

These are Layer 2 solutions that can help to enable users to bypass high
transaction fees. In this method, users create end-to-end encrypted ‘channels’
to send and receive payments. These channels work as micro-ledgers that
maintain records on all transactions that occur within them.

State Channels keep all transactions within them off-chain, only reporting the
opening and closing balance of participants to the main network when the
channel closes. Thus, participants can make repeated transactions with
individuals or businesses without having to pay high fees for every single
transaction.

### Rollup Chains

[Blockchain Rollups ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-blockchain-
rollups)are a Layer 2 solution that takes numerous transactions off of Layer 1
onto a separate network, consolidates them into a single piece of data, and
sends that single piece of data back to be added to Layer 1.

It’s important to note that there are two kinds of Blockchain rollups –
Optimistic and ZK. In short, Optimistic rollups assume that all of the
transactions bundled together are valid unless proven otherwise. In contrast,
ZK rollups produce a single cryptographic proof called “validity proof,” which
attests to the validity of the transactions bundled together.

### Sidechains

[A sidechain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-sidechain) is an
independent blockchain with its own consensus mechanisms that connect to Layer
1 via a two-way bridge. This bridge is vital as it is what allows the transfer
of assets between chains. Due to effectively being its blockchain, a sidechain
can support other Layer 2 solutions on top of it.

## Top Bitcoin Layer 2s

Innovators and developers in the Bitcoin ecosystem have developed several
Layer 2 solutions over the years, exploring the concepts and avenues discussed
so far.

Here’s an overview of some of the best and most popular Bitcoin Layer 2s as of
November 2023.

### **The Lightning Network**

Launched in 2018, [the Lightning
Network](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-the-lightning-
network) uses ‘state channels’ to enable microtransactions on top of the
Bitcoin Layer-1.

To use the Lightning Network, participants send and receive BTC payments
through encrypted P2P channels that are essentially [smart
contracts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-of-
block/episode-14-decentralized-finance-what-are-smart-contracts). To
illustrate, to send 0.1 BTC to your friend, , you’d create a channel with them
and fund it with the required amount. And once all the transactions are
complete, you can close the channel. The system stays efficient by only
sending the channel’s opening and closing balances to the Bitcoin network.

### **Rootstock (RSK)**

[Rootstock ](https://rootstock.io/) (RSK) is a sidechain that pioneered smart
contracts on the Bitcoin blockchain. It works through something called a two-
way peg. To explain, when a user sends Bitcoin to Rootsock, it becomes a
locked-up, smart Bitcoin on Rootsock (RBTC) in the user’s RSK wallet. Sending
RBTC in the other direction allows the user to withdraw their Bitcoin from the
regular network.

Rootstock claims to be able to process up to 300 TPS this way, a drastic
improvement in Bitcoin’s transaction speed. The platform is also notable for
its compatibility with[ Ethereum Virtual Machine
(EVM)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/understanding-ethereum-
virtual-machine-evm). To clarify, EVM is a virtual computer responsible for
executing smart contracts and updating the state of the Ethereum blockchain.
In other words, Rootstock boasts compatibility with the entire ecosystem of
Ethereum dApps.

### **Stacks Protocol**

[Stacks](https://www.stacks.co/) has become one of the top-performing Bitcoin
L2s since going live on the mainnet in 2018 as Blockstack. The protocol
enables self-executing smart contracts that you can deploy over Bitcoin
without implementing a fork. To do this, the protocol uses microblocks for
speed and a unique Proof-of-Transfer (PoX) mechanism to tie them to blocks on
Layer 1. It provides an accessible, easy-to-use, plug-and-play method for
running smart contracts and decentralized applications within the Bitcoin
ecosystem.

### **Liquid Network**

 [Liquid Network](https://liquid.net/) is a Bitcoin Layer 2 sidechain that
runs on the open-source Elements blockchain platform. The network has its own
native asset, Liquid (L-BTC), and is governed by a distributed federation of
Bitcoin companies, exchanges, and other stakeholders.

Much like Rootstock, the Liquid Network uses a two-way peg to convert BTC to
L-BTC and vice versa.

## Risks of Using Bitcoin Layer 2s

Although most existing Layer 2s inherit a high degree of security and
reliability, they are not as battle-tested as Bitcoin yet when it comes to
robustness. As somewhat independent networks, they introduce a new set of
risks and challenges.

For example, in 2022, Lightning users experienced a unique ‘[unattributed
payment routing](https://protos.com/new-bitcoin-lightning-network-bug-
unattributed-payment-routing/)’ failure due to a bug. They ended up
interacting with faulty nodes as a result, without being aware of the problem
for a long time.

Moreover, Federated sidechains like the Liquid Network are still in their
nascent stages of development and market adoption. Unlike Bitcoin, which has
1000s of miners worldwide, they have much fewer nodes (15, in Liquid’s case)
signing and confirming transactions. That is to say that Bitcoin Layer 2s can
often be more centralized than the main network.

## BTC Layer 2s: A New Way to Explore Bitcoin

Layer 2 solutions take all the revolutionary benefits of Bitcoin technology
and build upon it, drastically improving the network’s transaction processing
capabilities. Though they certainly aren’t a perfect solution, they do address
the problem at hand while retaining the decentralized security that has been
instrumental to Bitcoin’s proliferation.

So what are you waiting for? The exciting world of Bitcoin Layer 2s is waiting
to be explored. Thanks to[ Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live),
it’s never been easier to explore all that Bitcoin Layer 2 networks have to
offer.  As always, the industry-leading security of the Ledger ecosystem means
that you can safely store your own private keys and have full access to both
your Bitcoin and Layer 2 native tokens. Not to mention that you can now create
an account on [Stacks Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/stacks-stx-joins-
ledger-live-to-unlock-new-bitcoin-capabilities), directly from Ledger Live.

**Mohammad Musharraf**  
musharraf@unleashed.io

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Mohammad-104x104.jpeg)

Mohammad Musharraf is a content strategist and writer working with blockchain
and crypto projects for over three years. In his free time, he loves spending
time with family, watching Netflix, and reading.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-work
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Bitcoin%20Layer%202s%3A%20What%20They%20Are%20and%20How%20They%20Work&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-work
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-layer-2s-what-
they-are-and-how-they-work
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-
work&title=Bitcoin%20Layer%202s%3A%20What%20They%20Are%20and%20How%20They%20Work
"Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-wallet-
tracker-tools)

[Best Bitcoin & Crypto Wallet Tracker
Tools](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/best-bitcoin-crypto-
wallet-tracker-tools)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

[How To Send Bitcoin to Another
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-send-bitcoin)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-and-
how-does-it-work)

[What Is A Bitcoin Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=910804e6-aac1-4ba4-b41f-5338b2a73706&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ff95ee20-7bde-4507-8618-0baac23a253a&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=910804e6-aac1-4ba4-b41f-5338b2a73706&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ff95ee20-7bde-4507-8618-0baac23a253a&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-
work&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=38381dcc-276f-4b42-aab2-af6a0ded744d&sid=dc5766701cfc11ef8e9eadb486fc66a0&vid=dc575e401cfc11ef9e8091da4977290a&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Bitcoin%20Layer%202s%3A%20What%20They%20Are%20and%20How%20They%20Work%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-
work&r=&lt=3290&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=659298)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A16%3A23%20GMT&n=0&b=Bitcoin%20Layer%202s%3A%20What%20They%20Are%20and%20How%20They%20Work%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbitcoin-
layer-2s-what-they-are-and-how-they-work&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

