Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Data availability

w

Last edit: [@wackerow(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/wackerow), May
7, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Prerequisites
  * The data availability problem
  * Data availability solutions
    * Data availability sampling (DAS)
    * Data availability committees
  * Data availability and light nodes
  * Data availability and layer 2 rollups
  * Data availability vs. data retrievability
  * Further reading

"Don't trust, verify" is a common maxim in Ethereum. The idea is that your
node can independently verify that the information it receives is correct by
executing all the transactions in the blocks they receive from peers to ensure
that the changes proposed precisely match those computed independently by the
node. This means nodes do not have to trust that the senders of the block are
honest. This is not possible if data is missing.

**Data availability** refers to the confidence a user can have that the data
required to verify a block is really available to all network participants.
For full nodes on Ethereum layer 1 this is relatively simple; the full node
downloads a copy of all the data in each block - the data _has_ to be
available for the downloading to be possible. A block with missing data would
be discarded rather than being added to the blockchain. This is "on chain data
availability" and it is a feature of monolithic blockchains. Full nodes cannot
be tricked into accepting invalid transactions because they download and
execute every transaction for themselves. However, for modular blockchains,
layer 2 rollups and light clients, the data availability landscape is more
complex, requiring some more sophisticated verification procedures.

## Prerequisites

You should have a good understanding of [blockchain
fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/), especially [consensus
mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/). This page also assumes
the reader is familiar with [blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/),
[transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/),
[nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/), [scaling
solutions](/en/developers/docs/scaling/), and other relevant topics.

## The data availability problem

The data availability problem is the need to prove to the whole network that
the summarized form of some transaction data that is being added to the
blockchain really represents a set of valid transactions, but doing so without
requiring all nodes to download all data. The full transaction data is
necessary for independently verifying blocks, but requiring all nodes to
download all transaction data is a barrier to scaling. Solutions to the data
availability problem aim to provide sufficient assurances that the full
transaction data was made available for verification to network participants
that do not download and store the data for themselves.

[Light nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/) and [Layer
2 rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/) are important examples of network
participants that require strong data availability assurances but cannot
download and process transaction data for themselves. Avoiding downloading
transaction data is what makes light nodes light and enables rollups to be
effective scaling solutions.

Data availability is also a critical concern for future
["stateless"](/en/roadmap/statelessness/) Ethereum clients that do not need to
download and store state data in order to verify blocks. The stateless clients
still need to be certain that the data is available _somewhere_ and that it
has been processed correctly.

## Data availability solutions

### Data availability sampling (DAS)

Data Availability Sampling (DAS) is a way for the network to check that data
is available without putting too much strain on any individual node. Each node
(including non-staking nodes) downloads some small, randomly selected subset
of the total data. Successfully downloading the samples confirms with high
confidence that all of the data is available. This relies upon data erasure
coding, which expands a given dataset with redundant information (the way this
is done is to fit a function known as a _polynomial_ over the data and
evaluating that polynomial at additional points). This allows the original
data to be recovered from the redundant data when necessary. A consequence of
this data creation is that if _any_ of the original data is unavailable,
_half_ of the expanded data will be missing! The amount of data samples
downloaded by each node can be tuned so that it is _extremely_ likely that at
least one of the data fragments sampled by each client will be missing _if_
less than half the data is really available.

DAS will be used to ensure rollup operators make their transaction data
available after [Full Danksharding](/en/roadmap/danksharding/#what-is-
danksharding) has been implemented. Ethereum nodes will randomly sample the
transaction data provided in blobs using the redundancy scheme explained above
to ensure that all the data exists. The same technique could also be employed
to ensure block producers are making all their data available to secure light
clients. Similarly, under [proposer-builder separation](/en/roadmap/pbs/),
only the block builder would be required to process an entire block - other
validators would verify using data availability sampling.

### Data availability committees

Data Availability Committees (DACs) are trusted parties that provide, or
attest to, data availability. DACs can be used instead of, [or in combination
with(opens in a new tab)](https://hackmd.io/@vbuterin/sharding_proposal#Why-
not-use-just-committees-and-not-DAS) DAS. The security guarantees that come
with committees depends on the specific set up. Ethereum uses randomly sampled
subsets of validators to attest to data availability for light nodes, for
example.

DACs are also used by some validiums. The DAC is a trusted set of nodes that
stores copies of data offline. The DAC is required to make the data available
in the event of a dispute. Members of the DAC also publish on-chain
attestations to prove that the said data is indeed available. Some validiums
replace DACs with a proof-of-stake (PoS) validator system. Here, anyone can
become a validator and store data off-chain. However, they must provide a
“bond”, which is deposited in a smart contract. In the event of malicious
behavior, such as the validator withholding data, the bond can be slashed.
Proof-of-stake data availability committees are considerably more secure than
regular DACs because they directly incentivize honest behavior.

## Data availability and light nodes

[Light nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/) need to
validate the correctness of the block headers they receive without downloading
the block data. The cost of this lightness is the inability to independently
verify the block headers by re-executing transactions locally in the way full
nodes do.

Ethereum light nodes trust random sets of 512 validators that have been
assigned to a _sync committee_. The sync committee acts as a DAC that signals
to light clients that the data in the header is correct using a cryptographic
signature. Every day, the sync committee refreshes. Each block header alerts
light nodes as to which validators to expect to sign off the _next_ block, so
they can't be tricked into trusting a malicious group pretending to be the
real sync-committee.

However, what happens if an attacker somehow _does_ manage to pass a malicious
block header to light clients and convince them that it was signed off by an
honest sync-committee? In that case, the attacker could include invalid
transactions and the light client would blindly accept them, as they do not
independently check all the state changes summarized in the block header. To
protect against this, the light client could use fraud proofs.

The way these fraud proofs work is that a full node, seeing an invalid state
transition being gossiped around the network, could quickly generate a small
piece of data demonstrating that a proposed state transition could not
possibly arise from a given set of transactions and broadcast that data to
peers. Light nodes could pick up those fraud-proofs and use them to discard
bad block headers, ensuring they stay on the same honest chain as the full
nodes.

This relies on full nodes having access to full transaction data. An attacker
who broadcasts a bad block header and also fails to make the transaction data
available would be able to prevent full nodes from generating fraud proofs.
The full nodes might be able to signal a warning about a bad block, but they
couldn't back up their warning with proof, because the data wasn't made
available to generate the proof from!

The solution to this data availability problem is DAS. Light nodes download
very small random chunks of the full state data and use the samples to verify
that the full data set is available. The actual likelihood of incorrectly
assuming full data availability after downloading N random chunks can be
calculated ([for 100 chunks the chance is 10^-30(opens in a new
tab)](https://dankradfeist.de/ethereum/2019/12/20/data-availability-
checks.html), i.e. incredibly unlikely).

Even in this scenario, attacks that withhold just a few bytes could feasibly
go unnoticed by clients making random data requests. Erasure coding fixes this
by reconstructing small missing pieces of data that can be used to check
proposed state changes. A fraud proof could then be constructed using the
reconstructed data, preventing light nodes from accepting bad headers.

**Note:** DAS and fraud proofs have not yet been implemented for proof-of-
stake Ethereum light clients, but they are on the roadmap, most likely taking
the form of ZK-SNARK based proofs. Today's light clients rely on a form of
DAC: they verify the identities of the sync-committee and then trust the
signed block headers they receive.

## Data availability and layer 2 rollups

[Layer 2 scaling solutions](/en/layer-2/), such as _rollups_ , reduce
transaction costs and increase Ethereum's throughput by processing
transactions off-chain. Rollup transactions are compressed and posted on
Ethereum in batches. Batches represent thousands of individual off-chain
transactions in a single transaction on Ethereum. This reduces congestion on
the base layer and reduces fees for users.

However, it is only possible to trust the 'summary' transactions posted to
Ethereum if the state change proposed can be independently verified and
confirmed to be the result of applying all the individual off-chain
transactions. If rollup operators do not make the transaction data available
for this verification, then they could send incorrect data to Ethereum.

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/) post
compressed transaction data to Ethereum and wait for some amount of time
(typically 7 days) to allow independent verifiers to check the data. If anyone
identifies a problem, they can generate a fraud-proof and use it to challenge
the rollup. This would cause the chain to roll back and omit the invalid
block. This is only possible if data is available. Currently, there are two
ways that optimistic rollups post transaction data to L1. Some rollups make
data permanently available as `CALLDATA` which lives permanently on-chain.
With the implementation of EIP-4844, some rollups post their transaction data
to cheaper blob storage instead. This is not permanent storage. Independent
verifiers have to query the blobs and raise their challenges within ~18 days
before the data is deleted from Ethereum layer-1. Data availability is only
guaranteed by the Ethereum protocol for that short fixed window. After that,
it becomes the responsibility of other entities in the Ethereum ecosystem. Any
node can verify data availability using DAS, i.e. by downloading small, random
samples of the blob data.

[Zero-knowledge (ZK) rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/) don't
need to post transaction data since _zero-knowledge validity proofs_ guarantee
the correctness of state transitions. However, data availability is still an
issue because we can't guarantee the functionality of the ZK-rollup (or
interact with it) without access to its state data. For example, users cannot
know their balances if an operator withholds details about the rollup’s state.
Also, they cannot perform state updates using information contained in a newly
added block.

## Data availability vs. data retrievability

Data availability is different from data retrievability. Data availability is
the assurance that full nodes have been able to access and verify the full set
of transactions associated with a specific block. It does not necessarily
follow that the data is accessible forever.

Data retrievability is the ability of nodes to retrieve _historical
information_ from the blockchain. This historical data is not needed for
verifying new blocks, it is only required for syncing full nodes from the
genesis block or serving specific historical requests.

The core Ethereum protocol is primarily concerned with data availability, not
data retrievability. Data retrievability can be provided by a small population
of archive nodes run by third parties, or it can be distributed across the
network using decentralized file storage such as the [Portal Network(opens in
a new tab)](https://www.ethportal.net/).

## Further reading

  * [WTF is Data Availability?(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/blockchain-capital-blog/wtf-is-data-availability-80c2c95ded0f)
  * [What Is Data Availability?(opens in a new tab)](https://coinmarketcap.com/alexandria/article/what-is-data-availability)
  * [The Ethereum Off-Chain Data Availability Landscape(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.celestia.org/ethereum-off-chain-data-availability-landscape/)
  * [A primer on data availability checks(opens in a new tab)](https://dankradfeist.de/ethereum/2019/12/20/data-availability-checks.html)
  * [An explanation of the sharding + DAS proposal(opens in a new tab)](https://hackmd.io/@vbuterin/sharding_proposal#ELI5-data-availability-sampling)
  * [A note on data availability and erasure coding(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/research/wiki/A-note-on-data-availability-and-erasure-coding#can-an-attacker-not-circumvent-this-scheme-by-releasing-a-full-unavailable-block-but-then-only-releasing-individual-bits-of-data-as-clients-query-for-them)
  * [Data availability committees.(opens in a new tab)](https://medium.com/starkware/data-availability-e5564c416424)
  * [Proof-of-stake data availability committees.(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.matter-labs.io/zkporter-a-breakthrough-in-l2-scaling-ed5e48842fbf)
  * [Solutions to the data retrievability problem(opens in a new tab)](https://notes.ethereum.org/@vbuterin/data_sharding_roadmap#Who-would-store-historical-data-under-sharding)
  * [Data Availability Or: How Rollups Learned To Stop Worrying And Love Ethereum(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum2077.substack.com/p/data-availability-in-ethereum-rollups)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/data-availability/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Prerequisites
    * The data availability problem
    * Data availability solutions
      * Data availability sampling (DAS)
      * Data availability committees
    * Data availability and light nodes
    * Data availability and layer 2 rollups
    * Data availability vs. data retrievability
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Rollups

A type of [layer 2](/en/glossary/#layer-2) scaling solution that batches
multiple transactions and submits them to [the Ethereum main
chain](/en/glossary/#mainnet) in a single transaction. This allows for
reductions in [gas](/en/glossary/#gas) costs and increases in
[transaction](/en/glossary/#transaction) throughput. There are Optimistic and
Zero-knowledge rollups which use different security methods to offer these
scalability gains. [More on rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/#rollups).

### Zero-knowledge proof

A zero-knowledge proof is a cryptographic method that allows an individual to
prove that a statement is true without conveying any additional information.
[More on zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/).

