[![Binance Square](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/feed-logo-en-
dark-3.svg)](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

[Home ](/en/square)[Notification ](/en/square/notifications)[Profile
](/en/square/profile/undefined)[Trending Articles ](/en/square/trending)[News
](/en/square/news/all)[Creator Center ](/en/square/creator-
center/home)[Settings ](/en/square/settings)

# Digital Asset Investment Products Witness Third Consecutive Week of Inflows

[![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)LIVE![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/official-
certified-dark.svg)](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

[Binance News](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

2h„Éª5k views

Follow

According to Foresight News, CoinShares' weekly report indicates that digital
asset investment products have seen inflows for the third consecutive week,
reaching $1.05 billion. The total inflow for the year has hit a record high of
$14.9 billion. The recent price surge has also pushed the total amount of
digital asset ETPs to $98.5 billion.

In terms of regional distribution, the majority of the funds are concentrated
in the United States, with inflows amounting to $1.03 billion. Meanwhile, the
outflow from the existing Grayscale this week has significantly dropped to
just $15 million. Most of the funds flowed into Bitcoin ETPs, with inflows
last week reaching $1.01 billion, while there was a total outflow of $4.3
million from those shorting Bitcoin.

Ethereum saw inflows of $36 million last week, the highest level since March,
possibly in response to the approval of the US
[ETH](/en/trade/ETH_USDT?contentId=8706806141906) ETF. Solana also welcomed
inflows of $8 million last week.

[#Solana](/en/square/hashtag/Solana)[#Ethereum](/en/square/hashtag/Ethereum)

Disclaimer: Includes thrid-party opinions. No financial advice. May include
sponsored content.[ See T&Cs.](/en/square/terms)

3

Report

Block User

![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)LIVE

0/280

Reply

Explore the lastest crypto news

‚ö°Ô∏è Be a part of the latests discussions in crypto

üí¨ Interact with your favorite creators

üëç Enjoy content that interests you

Email / Phone number

Sign Up

Login

Relevant Creator

[![](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)LIVE![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/feed/official-
certified-dark.svg)](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

[Binance News](/en/square/profile/binance_news)

@Binance_News

Follow

## Explore More From Creator

[Bitcoin Price Predicted To Reach New Highs In Summer
2024](/en/square/post/8712059500554)

4m

[Semler Scientific's Stock Rises After Bitcoin
Purchase](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-semler-scientific-s-stock-rises-after-
bitcoin-purchase-8711866215890)

10m

[Decentralized AI Project GaiaNet Secures $10 Million
Funding](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-decentralized-ai-project-gaianet-
secures-10-million-funding-8711756524042)

13m

[Aptos Reports Significant Growth in Ecosystem Trading Volume and DeFi
TVL](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-aptos-reports-significant-growth-in-ecosystem-
trading-volume-and-defi-tvl-8711517689074)

21m

[Bullish Cryptocurrency Exchange Announces New CFO and Vice
President](/en/square/post/8711460434617)

23m

## Latest News

[Bitcoin Price Predicted To Reach New Highs In Summer
2024](/en/square/post/8712059500554)

4m

[Semler Scientific's Stock Rises After Bitcoin
Purchase](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-semler-scientific-s-stock-rises-after-
bitcoin-purchase-8711866215890)

10m

[Decentralized AI Project GaiaNet Secures $10 Million
Funding](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-decentralized-ai-project-gaianet-
secures-10-million-funding-8711756524042)

13m

[Aptos Reports Significant Growth in Ecosystem Trading Volume and DeFi
TVL](/en/square/post/2024-05-28-aptos-reports-significant-growth-in-ecosystem-
trading-volume-and-defi-tvl-8711517689074)

21m

[Bullish Cryptocurrency Exchange Announces New CFO and Vice
President](/en/square/post/8711460434617)

23m

[View More](/en/square/news/all)

## Trending Articles

[Mt. Gox Makes Surprise Return With Massive Bitcoin Dump, Crypto World on
Edge](/en/square/post/8698769600009)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202212/3d8036226854cb3e1c52b8afc09182ac.jpg)CoinEdition](/en/square/profile/coinedition)

[How Will This Week‚Äôs US Economic Data Impact Crypto Markets?
](/en/square/post/8651460606474)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202210/282ac319140b9608d424f76adf9f5551.jpg)CryptoPotato![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-
admin-
api/images/u96pr58M4Ns6wHbbnbwoVf.png)](/en/square/profile/cryptopotato_official)

[Prepare For Impact: Market Expert Says Biggest Disaster In Crypto Yet To
Come](/en/square/post/8590641422858)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202402/60c2387953c44aa5cc4e388aa9381423.png)Crypto
Breaking](/en/square/profile/cryptobreaking)

[TOP 6 BULLISH CANDLESTICK PETTERNS EVERY TRADER SHOULD
KNOW](/en/square/post/8589691821922)

[![avatar](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/pgc/202405/dc3e76ffa43b2061c26c0dc09a36c902.png)Chumba
Money![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/okTkVbBvh731mRjW1WqnZw.png)](/en/square/profile/chumba_24)

[Ripple CTO Demystifies Tokenization, Stuns XRP
Community](/en/square/post/8589381464874)

[![avatar](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/internal_upload/live-admin-
api/images/qW78Mdd6MrC8agW8emDc1a.png)U.today](/en/square/profile/utoday_en)

[View More](/en/square/trending)

[Sitemap](/en/square/sitemap/post/1)

Cookie Preferences

[Platform T&Cs](/en/square/terms)

[Sitemap](/en/square/sitemap/post/1)

[Platform T&Cs](/en/square/terms)

ba-one-trust-cookie

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‚Äé

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‚Äé

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‚Äé

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‚Äé

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

