[Crossmint Docs home page![light logo](https://mintlify.s3-us-
west-1.amazonaws.com/crossmint/logo/crossmint-light.png)![dark
logo](https://mintlify.s3-us-west-1.amazonaws.com/crossmint/logo/crossmint-
dark.png)](/)

Search or ask...Ctrl K

  * [Dev Console](https://www.crossmint.com/console)
  * [Console (staging)](https://staging.crossmint.com/console)
  * [Dev Console](https://www.crossmint.com/console)

Switch theme

Search

Navigation

Introduction

About Crossmint

[Documentation](/)[API Reference](/api-
reference/introduction)[Support](/support/get-
help)[Changelog](/changelog/2024-04-30)

  * [Developer Console](https://www.crossmint.com/console)
  * [Developer Blog](https://blog.crossmint.com)

##### Introduction

  * [About Crossmint](/introduction/about-crossmint)
  * [Supported Chains](/introduction/supported-chains)
  * Platform

##### Wallets

  * [Introduction](/wallets/introduction)
  * Custodial Wallets

  * Smart Wallets

  * Advanced Topics

##### Minting Tools

  * [Introduction](/minting/introduction)
  * [Quickstart ⚡](/minting/quickstart)
  * Guides

  * Advanced Topics

##### NFT Checkout

  * [Introduction](/nft-checkout/introduction)
  * No-Code Storefront

  * Pay Button

  * Embedded Checkout

  * Advanced Topics

Introduction

# About Crossmint

##

​

Introduction

**Crossmint is the leading enterprise-grade platform for integrating
blockchain assets into applications**. With a focus on ease of use, Crossmint
allows you to build end-to-end use cases without requiring prior blockchain
experience or cryptocurrencies, while making the blockchain invisible to end
users.

Crossmint offers tools for creating, distributing and selling digital assets,
as well as custodial and non-custodial wallets to store them.

**Crossmint is trusted by over 30,000 enterprises and developers including
Fortune 500** and major companies like Mastercard, Microsoft, Etihad Airways,
Red Bull, Adidas, Asus, and more, major web3 brands like Phantom, Manifold,
Rarible, and creators like Refik Anadol.

##

​

Explore the Products

Pick and choose which products you need:

## [WalletsCreate invisible wallets with best-in-class
security.](/wallets/introduction)## [MintingCreate and distribute NFTs at
scale, reliably.](/minting/introduction)## [NFT CheckoutSell 3x more by
enabling fiat and cross-chain payments.](/nft-checkout/introduction)

You can use all products via REST APIs or from Crossmint’s Console, a simple
no-code interface with analytics and additional functionality.

##

​

Why use Crossmint?

Sleep well at nightBuild on secure and battle-tested infrastructure, vetted by
Fortune 500 companies and financial institutions.

Go to market fasterShip in minutes and save months of development work.Hide
the blockchainAbstract away crypto. No gas, pop-ups, passphrases,
etc.InteroperableAllow users to connect their wallets to any third-party
site.No need to touch cryptoPay for gas in fiat, removing the need for crypto
accounting and treasury systems. Consolidate to one vendorCreate seamless and
reliable flows instead of taping many providers together.Enterprise-gradeBuilt
for scale. SOC II certified. 24/7 dedicated support and enterprise SLAs.

##

​

Get Started

## [ConsoleStart building now. Get your API keys and launch in
minutes.](https://www.crossmint.com/console)## [API ReferenceTest any API in
seconds directly from the docs.](/api-reference/introduction)## [Talk to an
expertContact our sales team for support.](https://www.crossmint.com/contact)

[Supported Chains](/introduction/supported-chains)

[website](https://www.crossmint.com)[twitter](https://twitter.com/crossmint)[github](https://github.com/crossmint)[discord](https://discord.gg/crossmint)

[Powered by
Mintlify](https://mintlify.com?utm_campaign=poweredBy&utm_medium=docs&utm_source=docs.crossmint.com)

  * Introduction
  * Explore the Products
  * Why use Crossmint?
  * Get Started

