[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

Our Website now exists in . Do you want to change languages?

Yes, please No, I'm good

You can revert to English at any time by clicking on the language menu on the
top right corner of the page.

[ ![Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax "Ledger Stax")
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x "Ledger Nano X")
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus "Ledger Nano S Plus")
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison "Compare our devices")
    * [Packs](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle "Packs")
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories "Accessories")
    * [Collaborations](https://www.ledger.com/collaborations "Collaborations")
    * [See all products](https://shop.ledger.com "See all products")
    * [Download Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Download Ledger Live")
    * [Supported crypto](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "Supported crypto")
  * App and services
    * [Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live "Ledger Live")
    * [Ledger Recover](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover "Ledger Recover")
    * [CL Card](https://www.ledger.com/cl-card "CL Card")
    * [Supported Services](https://www.ledger.com/supported-services "Supported Services")
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price "Crypto Prices")
  * Learn
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")
    * [Learn and Earn](https://quest.ledger.com/ "Learn and Earn")
    * [Classroom](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "Classroom")
    * [Blog](/blog "Blog")
    * [What is a crypto wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What is a crypto wallet")
    * [How to Buy](https://www.ledger.com/buy "How to Buy")
    * [How to Swap](https://www.ledger.com/swap "How to Swap")
    * [How to Stake](https://www.ledger.com/staking "How to Stake")
  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com?utm_source=mainsite&utm_medium=header "Ledger Enterprise Solutions")
    * [Ledger Partners](/partners "Ledger Partners")
    * [Ledger Co-branded Partnership](https://co-branded.ledger.com/ "Ledger Co-branded Partnership")
  * [For Developers](https://developers.ledger.com/ "For Developers")
  * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc "Support")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/staking/%E4%BB%A5%E5%A4%AA%E5%9D%8A%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/staking/ethereum-staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/staking/ethereum%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/staking/ethereum-staking)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/staking/fazer-staking-de-ethereum)

[__](https://shop.ledger.com/cart "Ledger Shop")

__

##  STAKING YOUR ETH SECURELY TO EARN REWARDS*

Staking your Ethereum (ETH) allows you to passively earn rewards for your help
to secure the network.  
  
Through the Ledger Live app, you can easily and securely delegate your ETH to
a validator and start earning rewards, passively.

[ Stake ETH now ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/staking_eth "Stake ETH now")

![STAKING YOUR ETH SECURELY TO EARN REWARDS*](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/09/ETH_LNX.png)

##  THE BENEFITS OF STAKING ETH

Ethereum is a programmable blockchain that gives you access to various
decentralized finance services, games and applications through smart
contracts.

__Get ETH Staking rewards*

Staking Ethereum token with Kiln offers an average return of 7%. Staking ETH
with Lido offers an average return of 4%. This rate may vary depending on
different criteria.  
  
  

*Rewards are not guaranteed. Ledger provides no advice or recommendations on use of staking services.

__Help yourself

By staking your ETH, you help secure the network and validate transactions.
You are part of the Ethereum blockchain success!

##  Why stake ETH through Ledger Live

__

###  Highly secure

Buy your crypto from the security of your Ledger hardware wallet.

__

###  Freedom

Find your perfect staking solution among our partners. Whether you prefer to
run your own validator with Kiln or do liquid staking with Lido, we have
everything you need.

__

###  All in one place

You can manage, buy, swap, and stake your ETH through Ledger Live with our
partners. All your crypto needs, in one app.

[ Start Staking ETH with Ledger ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/staking_eth
"Start Staking ETH with Ledger")

![ETH Staking Rewards](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/rewards.png)

##  ETH Staking Rewards

You may be able to passively grow your ETH through Ledger Live via the
services offered by our partner Kiln and Lido. To earn rewards by
participating in the Ethereum network, simply use the
[Kiln](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/kiln) or [Lido
DApp](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/stakingETHpage) through Ledger Live.  
  
The percentage return on staked ETH depends on the total staked ETH in the
network and the average percentage of validators who are online.

  
  
[ Estimate ETH staking rewards ](https://beta.stakingrewards.com/calculator
"Estimate ETH staking rewards")

##  HOW DOES LEDGER'S SOLUTION WORK?

[ Get your device ](https://shop.ledger.com "Get your device")

### A hardware wallet

that offers the best security for your crypto and NFTs - your assets always
remain safe.

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/how-works.png)

### An app

to manage your crypto and access key services: buy, swap or grow your assets.
Securely thanks to your hardware wallet.

[ Get your device ](https://shop.ledger.com "Get your device")

##  Grow your ETH through Ledger

01

##  Set up your device

Download the Ledger Live app. Follow the steps to set up your Ledger, and
create an ETH account.

[ Start now ](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/4404389503889-Getting-started-with-Ledger-Live?docs=true "Start
now") [ Don't have a device yet? Buy one ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Don't
have a device yet? Buy one")

02

##  Buy ETH or transfer funds

Use Ledger Live to directly buy ETH with our partners, or transfer your ETH
from an exchange to your hardware wallet.

[ Buy crypto ](https://www.ledger.com/buy "Buy crypto") [ Receive crypto
](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/4404389453841-Receive-crypto-
assets?docs=true "Receive crypto")

03

##  Start staking ETH

Click the Earn rewards button on your ETH account or go in the Discover
section and select Kiln or Lido. Choose the amount to stake and confirm with
your Ledger.

[ Stake ETH now ](https://go.ledger.com/ledger/staking_eth "Stake ETH now")

LEDGER LIVE

##  Other crypto to stake with Ledger

[ ![Internet Computer logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/Internet_Computer_logo.png) Internet
Computer  ICP  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/internet-computer) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/10/Polkadot.svg)
Polkadot  DOT  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-polkadot) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/cosmos.svg)
ATOM*  ATOM  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/cosmos) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2020/08/algorand.svg)
Algorand  ALGO  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking-algorand) [ ![Hedera
Logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/hbar.png)
Hedera  HBAR  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/hedera-hashgraph) [
![Cardano logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector.svg) CARDANO  ADA
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/cardano) [ ![Mina Protocol
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/JM4_vQ34_400x400.png) Mina Protocol
MINA  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/mina-protocol) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/01/Near.svg)
NEAR*  NEAR  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-near) [
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/05/Vector.svg)
Solana*  SOL  ](https://www.ledger.com/staking/ledger-node/solana) [ ![Casper
Network logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/casper.png) Casper Network  CSPR
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/casper-network) [ ![Kusama
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2021/05/Kusama.svg)
Kusama  KSM  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/kusama) [ ![EOS
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector-
Stroke.svg) EOS  EOS  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/eos) [ ![Stacks
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/Stacks_logo_full.png) Stacks  STX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/blockstack) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/05/tron.svg) Tron  TRX
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tron) [ ![Axelar logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/06/V-65_xQ1_400x400.jpeg) Axelar  AXL
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/axelar) [ ![AVAX logo](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/AVAX.svg) Avalanche  AVAX
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/avalanche-2) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2019/12/picto-tezos-1.svg) Tezos  XTZ
](https://www.ledger.com/staking-tezos) [ ![Oasis Network
logo](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/03/rose.png)
Oasis Network  ROSE  ](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/oasis-network) [
![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/elrond3_360-1.png) EGLD*  EGLD
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-egld) [ ![NEO logo](https://ledger-
wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/11/NEO_512_512.png) NEO  NEO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/neo) [ ![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/08/OSMO.png) Osmosis*  OSMO
](https://www.ledger.com/staking/staking-osmosis) [ ![CRO
logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/02/Vector-1.svg) Cronos  CRO
](https://www.ledger.com/coin/staking/crypto-com-chain)

[ See all coins supported ](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets "
See all coins

                    supported")

*Ledger validator node available 

##  Want to learn more about staking?

We answer all the basic questions you might have in our Ledger academy: What
is staking? What’s the difference between Proof-of-Stake and Proof-of-Work?
What is a validator?  
  
You can also take a look at our School of Block series on Youtube to learn how
to get started in staking and make your money work for you.

[ Visit our Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy " Visit our Ledger
Academy")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/what-is-staking.png)

What is staking

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-
it/stake-your-crypto " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/school-of-blocks.png)

School Of Block

[ See our episode about staking ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/school-of-
block/episode-15-decentralized-finance-crypto-passive-income " See our episode
about staking")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/proof-of-stake.png)

What is proof of stake

[ Read the article ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-
of-stake " Read the

                        article")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/staking/staking-faq.png)

## Frequently Asked Questions

__Is there a minimum amount to stake ETH?

With Kiln the minimum amount to stake is 32 ETH for now. Stay tuned, as there
will soon be no more minimum.

With Lido, Ledger users can participate in the network with any amount of ETH.
For each Ether you stake with our partner Lido, you’ll receive an stETH token
in exchange. You can exchange, send or sell these stETH, making Ethereum
staking more liquid.

__How long do I need to wait before receiving rewards?

With Kiln staking, rewards are earned at each block proposed by the validator.

With Lido, you receive staking rewards within 24 hours of your deposit being
made, without waiting for validator activation. The reward will be in the form
of stETH tokens that will be added to your stETH balance.

__How are ETH rewards distributed?

With Kiln staking, ETH rewards are sent to the staking smart contract. They
can then be withdrawn from the same Ethereum address you are using to run your
validator.

Lido applies a 10% fee on staking rewards, split between node operators, the
DAO and an insurance fund. This fee can be changed by the DAO pending a
successful vote.

__Is there a risk to staking ETH through Ledger?

Native Ethereum staking offered by Kiln rely on smart contracts to operate
staking. Even if these smart contracts have been audited they can contain
bugs.

There are different potential risks when staking ETH using Lido. Lido could
contain a smart contract vulnerability or bug. The Lido code is open-sourced,
audited and covered by an extensive bug bounty program to minimise this risk.

__How long are my ETH locked?

Native ETH rewards earned through Kiln native staking will be unlocked in a
future Ethereum upgrade called “Shanghai” scheduled in 2023. Ledger and Kiln
are independent from this protocol upgrade. Please note that these timelines
are not commitments and are not in the control of Kiln.

It’s not currently possible to unstake ETH that have been staked using Lido.
However, you currently have the option to swap your stETh balance back for
regular ETH. This effectively “unstake” your ETH. You can swap stETH for
regular ETH using the Paraswap app in Ledger Live.

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/staking/%E4%BB%A5%E5%A4%AA%E5%9D%8A%E6%9D%83%E7%9B%8A%E8%B4%A8%E6%8A%BC)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/staking/ethereum-staking)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [日本語](https://www.ledger.com/ja/staking/ethereum%E3%81%AE%E3%82%B9%E3%83%86%E3%83%BC%E3%82%AD%E3%83%B3%E3%82%B0)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/staking/staking-ethereum)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/staking/ethereum-staking)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/staking/fazer-staking-de-ethereum)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

