Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

# Cointelegraph: Banks still show interest in digital assets and DeFi amid
market chaos

  *  __ November 18, 2022
  *  __3 min
  *  __Rachel Wolfson

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fcointelegraph-defi-banks-crypto-metaco%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fmedia-feature%2Fcointelegraph-defi-banks-crypto-metaco%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Traditional financial institutions continue to demonstrate use cases for
digital asset support, along with DeFi capabilities, despite current market
conditions.

The cryptocurrency sector is the Wild Wild West in comparison to traditional
finance, yet a number of banks are showing interest in digital assets and
decentralized finance (DeFi). This year in particular has been notable for
banks exploring digital assets.

[…]

While banks continue to show interest in digital assets, BNY Mellon’s 2022
Survey of Global Institutional Clients highlights increasing demand from
institutions seeking access to digital assets through reputable custodians.
According to the survey, almost all of the 271 institutional investors (91%)
are interested in investing in tokenized assets. The survey also found that
most of these investors are using more than one custodian, with 35% conducting
business with traditional incumbent players.

The heightened demand from institutions seeking access to digital assets is
one of the reasons why banks are showing interest in cryptocurrency and DeFi
offerings.

[…]

Seamus Donoghue, chief growth officer at METACO — a digital asset custody
provider for major financial institutions — told Cointelegraph that he
believes all financial assets will eventually be represented on distributed
ledgers. As such, Donoghue mentioned that there is an imperative to redesign
the financial market infrastructure.

> “This is the reason why virtually all tier-1 banks are now investing in
> building new infrastructure: not for the currently bearish crypto market,
> but for the much larger vision of how every asset will be represented and
> how value will be created and exchanged, globally,”

he said.

Donoghue added that banks will eventually become the bridge for institutions
seeking exposure to digital assets and DeFi. He explained that this is due to
the fact that traditional financial institutions have consumer trust, large
balance sheets and a network of market participants creating liquidity, along
with a customer base with unmet needs.

To continue reading, please see [the original article on
cointelegraph.com](https://cointelegraph.com/news/banks-still-show-interest-
in-digital-assets-and-defi-amid-market-chaos)



[See original article](https://cointelegraph.com/news/banks-still-show-
interest-in-digital-assets-and-defi-amid-market-chaos "See original article")

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/coindesk_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs
to Revamp Institutional Push](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/coindesk-
metaco-exco-mpc/ "Coindesk: Crypto Custody Tech Firm Metaco Taps IBM Execs to
Revamp Institutional Push")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/gobal-custodian_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

February 7, 2023### [Global Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and
again](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/global-custodian-metaco-enables-
the-worlds-largest-banks-to-capitalize-on-the-digital-asset-economy/ "Global
Custodian: Metaco is proving itself again and again")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/10/the-banker_full-logo_square.png?x88149)

[Media Feature](https://www.metaco.com/category/media-feature/)

June 28, 2022### [The Banker: BBVA builds its crypto muscle with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/media-feature/thebanker-bbva-metaco/ "The
Banker: BBVA builds its crypto muscle with Metaco")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

