[![Hivemapper
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/explorer)

Build the Map

Use the Map

[![Bee Blog
Icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)The
Latest Buzz](https://hivemapper.com/blog/)

May 13, 2024

# Make Your Mount a 4/4 So We Can Build Better Maps!

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4CU3O2vh1XkEufK4Tbbw2p/fb577bd1bf174df17e35e22e4e97d522/Hivemapper_-
_Make_Your_Mount_-_Landscape_-
_v1.jpg?w=750&h=422&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4CU3O2vh1XkEufK4Tbbw2p/fb577bd1bf174df17e35e22e4e97d522/Hivemapper_-
_Make_Your_Mount_-_Landscape_-_v1.jpg?w=750&h=422&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)

**Make Your Mount a 4/4 So We Can Build Better Maps!**

If you havenât figured it out by now, allow me to reiterate here. Your mount
quality will directly impact your rewards for Hivemapper.

In this blog we will cover:

  * Why mount quality matters

  * What has changed recently in terms of enforcement of mount quality

  * How the AI Trainers verify mount quality 

**Mount Quality Matters.**

Hivemapper is a mapping community. Making maps is our bread and butter, and if
we canât do that effectively, we arenât fulfilling our mission. To build
the worldâs freshest maps, we need the worldâs freshest data. Imagery of
the sky, blurry bug-splattered windshields, the hood of your car and your
commemorative bobble heads, do little-to-nothing for the sake of our map
mission.

Yes, our cameras are awesome (thatâs because the hardware is dedicated to
map making), but creating extra work for our AI to grade and attest to street-
level intelligence is counterproductive.

Furthermore, it creates undue strain on our AI trainers to perfect the
interpretation of signage and an object's relative position. Horrible mounts
dilute our image pool with unusable data, and they can taint the larger
project which aims to be useful for computer vision applications.

**Extra Work = Extra Time = Extra Network Costs**

Our network is about efficiency, and we grow our map data customers when we
are at peak performance. To that end, Weâve already secured two of the top
10 digital map companies in the world as clients. But this is just the start.
Our vision for the future isnât a few companies snacking on our
intelligence. We aim to transform the map making world and prove the
effectiveness of this decentralized network.

Moreover, incentives for mounts must align with the demands of the market. Our
cameras will improve in future generations to better service the mapping
world. [_The
Bee_](https://bee.hivemapper.com/?utm_source=salebutton&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=salebutton&utm_id=1212023),
for instance, will use advanced stereo cameras to better determine depth and
pinpoint object locations. However, in our march to disrupt and innovate we
will continue to fight for perfection â every micro percentage of efficiency
accounted for.

**Whatâs Changed?**

It has been a month since the network voted to enforce stricter requirements
for mounts, and some drivers are starting to take notice. While many drivers
may have had a boost in rewards, others have seen Honey reductions due to
âbadâ or âhorribleâ mount scores.

Trainers continue to refine the score of mounts weekly, through participation
in games, and weâve created two new games to provide a better oracle of
average mount quality.

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4RDGdDBOKGHmjkwEDrefJl/14b42b1e9851f9d7d3cc207ca21b558f/1_0NO7lV5lAAK4OlA-
ZhYfEQ_copy.jpg?w=750&h=422&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4RDGdDBOKGHmjkwEDrefJl/14b42b1e9851f9d7d3cc207ca21b558f/1_0NO7lV5lAAK4OlA-
ZhYfEQ_copy.jpg?w=750&h=422&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4RDGdDBOKGHmjkwEDrefJl/14b42b1e9851f9d7d3cc207ca21b558f/1_0NO7lV5lAAK4OlA-
ZhYfEQ_copy.jpg)

You can locate this score on the Hivemapper App by clicking on the settings
icon:

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5g53kJAVD0Xn0sES7d2qLL/677090006a0f458e6bd69ec0baef3c2c/IMG_0402.jpg?w=630&h=542&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5g53kJAVD0Xn0sES7d2qLL/677090006a0f458e6bd69ec0baef3c2c/IMG_0402.jpg?w=630&h=542&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5g53kJAVD0Xn0sES7d2qLL/677090006a0f458e6bd69ec0baef3c2c/IMG_0402.jpg)

To better understand the reward structure, here is a simple outline of the
grading process.

  1. Drivers establish their mount, and their drive is tracked through a weekly epoch.

  2. Imagery for a given week (Mon-Sun) must be uploaded by 4:59pm Pacific Time on the Tuesday following the weekâs completion in order to generate rewards.

  3. All drivers are regionally defined by geographical areas established by the Hivemapper Network. Regional boundaries are the responsibility of the[ _Hivemapper Foundation_](https://docs.hivemapper.com/welcome/network-governance#hivemapper-foundation) and subject to change. 

  4. Drivers mine HONEY that enters a regionâs weekly rewards pool. Once the total HONEY rewards have been calculated on a global level for a given period, the HONEY trickles down to each regionâs reward pool proportional to its[ _regional weighting_](https://docs.hivemapper.com/honey-token/earning-honey/global-map-progress#regional-weighting).

  5. Weekly AI trainers participate in games that grade mount setups.

  6. Based on these games, Drivers are assigned weekly mount tiers.

  7. At the end of the week, drivers receive a percentage of their region's weekly rewards pool relative to their mount score. An individualâs exact earnings depends on the relative amount of contributions they made to the region during the period and other[ _individual reward factors_](https://docs.hivemapper.com/honey-token/earning-honey/individual-reward-factors).

In summary, mount alone is not the only factor playing into rewards, but a bad
enough mount can completely disqualify a driver from receiving a regional
reward. Instead, their rewards redistribute to those participants with
superior mounts.

**New Games**

Hivemapperâs decentralized community is ultimately responsible for scoring
mounts through AI trainer tasks, and we encourage all contributors to play our
training games to better understand how their mount might be impacted.

In the last proposed updates, two new games were added to better define mount
scores. While some people considered the original mount quality game to be
subjective, the new ones rely on objective criteria related to the position of
the horizon and obstructions in the field of view.

1\. [Dashcam Tilt](https://docs.hivemapper.com/contribute/train-the-map-
ai/dashcam-tilt)

2\. [Dashcam View](https://docs.hivemapper.com/contribute/train-the-map-
ai/dashcam-view)

Good mounts center the horizon.

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/53xfwV6W4FSYVmRLeSPkLn/9923974bd680713fb5672f292e6534bd/image.png?w=1329&h=668&q=100&fm=png)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/53xfwV6W4FSYVmRLeSPkLn/9923974bd680713fb5672f292e6534bd/image.png?w=1329&h=668&q=100&fm=png)](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/53xfwV6W4FSYVmRLeSPkLn/9923974bd680713fb5672f292e6534bd/image.png)

Likewise, they maintain an unobstructed view.

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/6CbfYT0qCcgXhoZgYz1xUV/edd70b6cf88edf79db3218ff7102cff8/image.jpeg?w=750&h=330&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/6CbfYT0qCcgXhoZgYz1xUV/edd70b6cf88edf79db3218ff7102cff8/image.jpeg?w=750&h=330&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/6CbfYT0qCcgXhoZgYz1xUV/edd70b6cf88edf79db3218ff7102cff8/image.jpeg)

**Regulate Your Mount**

If youâre uncertain about how your mount is performing, please take time to
review our [_handy install guide and
video_](https://docs.hivemapper.com/contribute/driving/2.-mount-dashcam).
Likewise, please take a moment to consider[ _clarity of
view_](https://docs.hivemapper.com/honey-token/earning-honey/individual-
reward-factors/clarity-of-view) when mounting your dashcam.

Mounts are graded on a score of 1 to 4, with reputation reset every week. Our
decentralized community determines mount scores through [_AI Trainer
tasks_](https://docs.hivemapper.com/ai-trainer-instructions/dashcam-mount).

There are currently **four** approved mount positions (as shown below). You
can mount a **maximum of two dashcams** per vehicle: one forward-facing and
one side-facing. If you decide to mount the dashcam side-facing, it must face
the sidewalk and buildings (i.e., mounted on the passenger side of the
vehicle).

[![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/Txb2x9hygBJliLgXOm2d9/99d762cba399cc6e548654ecdce3d638/image.jpeg?w=750&h=422&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/Txb2x9hygBJliLgXOm2d9/99d762cba399cc6e548654ecdce3d638/image.jpeg?w=750&h=422&fl=progressive&q=100&fm=jpg)](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/Txb2x9hygBJliLgXOm2d9/99d762cba399cc6e548654ecdce3d638/image.jpeg)

ââTips for producing valuable map imagery and data:

  * Avoid mounting on tinted windows

  * Avoid capturing too much of your vehicle's interior

  * Remove objects from your dashboard that can identify you

  * Avoid too much tilt towards the sky or the road

  * Clean your windshield every 200-400 miles

  * Regularly check that your mount is properly fastened

**Forward-facing:** mount the dashcam in the center of the vehicle and align
it with the horizon.

**Side-facing:** mount**** the dashcam on the side of the vehicle closest to
the sidewalk and buildings (i.e. the passenger side). Again, align the dashcam
with the horizon.

**Final Thoughts:  **

If you are establishing your mount for the first time, find your camera's
optimal position before affixing it to the windshield or exterior. Once the
mount is secure, test the camera view by turning on the device and connecting
your hivemapper app. You should be able to see the imagery captured every few
seconds on your device. Make mild adjustments until youâve centered the
horizon and minimize interference with the camera lens. Then, fasten the
camera into a locked position. If the camera is not locked, it may shift while
driving and hurt your mount score.

Hivemapper aims to make mapping 100% passive. Once you have a solid mount,
your job is largely done. Check your imagery periodically to make sure
youâre getting the best road capture, and youâll maintain the desired 4/4
score.

With your help, we can revolutionize the mapping industry. Your contributions
power our movement, and your diligence is appreciated!

Share Post

Latest Posts

[![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAALCAMAAABI111xAAACLlBMVEUKDhQMERgNEhkNEhoNERgMEBcQFBsZHyYoMDY8RExIUlpVXmRaZGpZY2pXYWdSW2JJUlktNUEqMj0YICwiKTQcJC8mLjopLjYRFhwiKC4uNj1ETlVUX2Z3gIaGj5SNlZqOlpuCipBVXmZbXWFTVVlsbnI3Oj9TVlppa284O0BMT1Nsb3NdYmY0PENNV19ye4B5g4h6hYt4hIp0gIZwe4BqdHlzdXhgYmZhZGd0dnlCRUpydHhlZ2slKS4UGR8iKS83QEc+SVFASVI/SVMpNkInND8mMz4mMj05QksMEBYNERcLDxUUGSAjKTA4QEcrNT4VIzATIjAYKDYkNkQiM0ESHitRVV1NUVlHS1M0R1YxNj4jJiwdICYeIScQEhcPERUiKC8gKDAhKzUWJDIiMkAgMEFCW2w/V2cbKTgeLDlaXmZUWGBLT1Y6TlMwNTsiJSsRFRkTFRkgJi0UGyMgKzY7RlI5RVMmNUYjMUMjMkMjMUE3Qk4xNDszNz06PkRIS1JLTlZDRk1BRUxFSE9PUlklKjAdIyovNj5GU1xocnhveoFwfYVwfYZteoNodHxjbXQlKS8sLzYpLDMjJywkJy0qLjQ2OUA1OUAgJCooLzYdKTUmN0QsP00tQVEtQVAsP08rPkwoOUYZIS0bIzAXHioaIzAWHikZIS4TGSIVGyEVGyIPFh8THCYVHioUHioTHioTHSkUHScMERcNERkQFRwPFRsJDRQJDRMIDRUIDRS0RrTZAAAACXBIWXMAABcRAAAXEQHKJvM/AAAAB3RJTUUH6AUWFR4sdyWG2wAAAF1JREFUCB0FwcENwjAUBbBn8rlXSQfjxBSIYSp1gU4AizEBNNhCnGkAUFngbABQ6QAAVAYAAJURMQPA9+oOAIBawScdANXBAAC1AjxtAHIEPHZAEO33vsVrXsCM+QeXpg8MHgJfpgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)![Images
Blog Mininavigating-the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4WiP2UuVA2VgslKYIKMcOu/49a6bdb55186b99fe43dc94769ab0692/Hivemapper_-
_Why_Your_Fleets_Needs_Bee_-_Hero_-_v2.2.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)![Images
Blog Mininavigating-the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4WiP2UuVA2VgslKYIKMcOu/49a6bdb55186b99fe43dc94769ab0692/Hivemapper_-
_Why_Your_Fleets_Needs_Bee_-_Hero_-
_v2.2.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)Navigating the Road Ahead: Why Your Fleet
Needs âBeeâ Hivemapperâs Newest DashcamApril 19, 2024](/blog/navigating-
the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest)[![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Images
Blog Mini5-reasons-hivemapper-built-
bee](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5YoRgz2ke3pD1FOx7mt4kt/f969142f3a5dc4e21b918eafbe9fe95d/Welcome_to_the_Future_of_Mapmaking_-
_v1__1_.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)![Images Blog Mini5-reasons-hivemapper-
built-
bee](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5YoRgz2ke3pD1FOx7mt4kt/f969142f3a5dc4e21b918eafbe9fe95d/Welcome_to_the_Future_of_Mapmaking_-
_v1__1_.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)5 Reasons Hivemapper Built the BeeFebruary
21, 2024](/blog/5-reasons-hivemapper-built-
bee)[![](data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEASABIAAD/2wBDABALDA4MChAODQ4SERATGCgaGBYWGDEjJR0oOjM9PDkzODdASFxOQERXRTc4UG1RV19iZ2hnPk1xeXBkeFxlZ2P/2wBDARESEhgVGC8aGi9jQjhCY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2P/wAARCAALABQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAGQAAAgMBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQBAgUG/8QAIhAAAgICAQMFAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIAEQMhBBITQRQiMVGR/8QAFAEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAv/EABYRAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEAEf/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A5LDm43ZUMq9VC/G/yThX1BKppuqgPFTOX5lkdgTTEWIxYpOczGuLktjUj26NG9wiln7hEMcv/9k=)![Images
Blog Miniget-rewarded-for-road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-
app](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4D7jgAF8Xy0Uif3Dx8yw17/d9280cf4c4f2f53c107ad43e98a3b368/Get_Rewarded_for_Road_Reporting_-
_Hero_-_v4.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)![Images Blog Miniget-
rewarded-for-road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-
app](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4D7jgAF8Xy0Uif3Dx8yw17/d9280cf4c4f2f53c107ad43e98a3b368/Get_Rewarded_for_Road_Reporting_-
_Hero_-_v4.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)Get Rewarded for Road
Reporting with the New Hivemapper AppJanuary 24, 2024](/blog/get-rewarded-for-
road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-app)

[Read More](https://hivemapper.com/blog/)

[Blog](/blog)

[Careers](/careers)

[Media Kit](/media-kit)

[Privacy](/privacy)

[](https://discord.com/invite/FRWMKyy5v2)[](https://twitter.com/Hivemapper)[](https://www.instagram.com/hivemapper)

