Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Contributing](/en/contributing/)/
  3. [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)/
  4. [how-to-translate](/en/contributing/translation-program/how-to-translate/)

Page last updated: January 11, 2024

On this page

  * Visual guide
  * Written guide
    * Join our project in Crowdin
    * Open your language
    * Find a document to work on
    * Translate
    * Review process
    * Get in touch

# How to translate

## Visual guide

For more visual learners, watch Luka walk through getting set up with Crowdin.
Alternatively, you can find the same steps in a written format in the next
section.

## Written guide

### Join our project in Crowdin

You will need to log in to your Crowdin account or sign up if you don’t
already have one. All that is required to sign up is an e-mail account and
password.

[Join project(opens in a new tab)](https://crowdin.com/project/ethereum-org/)

### Open your language

After logging in to Crowdin, you will see a project description and list of
all available languages. Each language also contains information on the total
amount of translatable words and an overview of how much content has been
translated and approved in a specific language.

Open the language you want to translate into to see the list of files,
available for translation.

[![List of languages in
Crowdin](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fcontributing%2Ftranslation-
program%2Fhow-to-translate%2Flist-of-
languages.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/contributing/translation-program/how-to-
translate/list-of-languages.png)

### Find a document to work on

The website content is divided into a number of documents and content buckets.
You can check the progress of each document on the right – if translation
progress is below 100%, please contribute!

Don't see your language listed? [Open an issue(opens in a new
tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/issues/new/choose) or
ask in our [Discord(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/)

[![Translated and untranslated files in
Crowdin](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fcontributing%2Ftranslation-
program%2Fhow-to-translate%2Fcrowdin-
files.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/contributing/translation-program/how-to-
translate/crowdin-files.png)

A note on content buckets: we use 'content buckets' within Crowdin to get the
highest priority content released first. When you check out a language, for
example, [Filipino(opens in a new tab)](https://crowdin.com/project/ethereum-
org/fil#) you'll see folders for content bucket ("1. Homepage", "2.
Essentials", "3. Exploring", etc.).

We encourage you to translate in this numerical order (1 → 2 → 3 → ⋯) to
ensure the highest impact pages are translated first.

[Learn more about ethereum.org content buckets](/en/contributing/translation-
program/content-buckets/)

### Translate

After selecting the file you want to translate, it will open in the online
editor. If you have never used Crowdin before, you can use this quick guide to
go over the basics.

[![Crowdin online
editor](/_next/image/?url=%2Fcontent%2Fcontributing%2Ftranslation-
program%2Fhow-to-translate%2Fonline-
editor.png&w=1920&q=75)](/content/contributing/translation-program/how-to-
translate/online-editor.png)

**_1 – Left sidebar_**

  * Untranslated (red) – text that has not been worked on yet. These are the strings that you should be translating.
  * Translated (green) – text that has already been translated, but not yet reviewed. You are welcome to suggest alternate translations, or vote on existing ones using the ‘’+’’ and ‘’-‘‘ buttons in the editor.
  * Approved (check mark) – text that has already been reviewed and is currently live on the website.

You can also use the buttons on top to search for specific strings, filter
them by status or change the view.

**_2 – Editor area_**

The main translation area – source text is displayed on top, with additional
context and screenshots, if available. To suggest a new translation, enter
your translation in the ‘’Enter translation here’’ field and click Save.

You can also find existing translations of the string and translations into
other languages in this section, as well as translation memory matches and
machine translation suggestions.

**_3 – Right sidebar_**

This is where you can find comments, translation memory entries and glossary
entries. The default view shows the comments and allows translators to
communicate, raise issues or report incorrect translations.

By using the buttons on top, you can also switch to the Translation Memory,
where you can search for existing translations, or to the Glossary, which
contains descriptions and standard translations of key terms.

Want to learn more? Feel free to check out the [documentation on using the
Crowdin online editor(opens in a new tab)](https://support.crowdin.com/online-
editor/)

### Review process

Once you've completed the translation (i.e. all files for a content bucket
display 100%), our professional translation service will review (and
potentially edit) the content. Once the review is complete (i.e. review
progress is 100%), we will add it to the website.

![⚠️](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/26a0.svg)

Please do not use machine translation to translate the project. All the
translations will be reviewed before being added to the website. If your
suggested translations are found to be machine translated, they will be
dismissed and contributors who use machine translation often will be removed
from the project.

### Get in touch

Do you have any questions? Or want to collaborate with our team and other
translators? Please post in the #translations channel of our [ethereum.org
Discord server(opens in a new tab)](https://ethereum.org/discord/)

You can also reach out to us at [translations@ethereum.org(opens in a new
tab)](mailto:translations@ethereum.org)

Thank you for your participation in the ethereum.org Translation Program!

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/contributing/translation-program/how-to-translate/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Visual guide
    * Written guide
      * Join our project in Crowdin
      * Open your language
      * Find a document to work on
      * Translate
      * Review process
      * Get in touch

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

