Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

# Terms and conditions

This section sets out important information about these terms and conditions
(“Terms”), including who they apply to, and how and when they apply.

#### Parties to these Terms

We are Metaco SA, a company incorporated in Switzerland with its registered
office at Avenue de Tivoli 2, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland (“Metaco”, “we”,
“us”). These Terms create a binding contract between you and Metaco.

If you access or use our Websites or Services (as defined below) on behalf of
a company, you represent that you are authorized to accept these Terms on
behalf of your company, and all references to “you” in these Terms also refer
to your company.

#### When and how these Terms apply

These Terms apply whenever you:

  * access or use our websites, including the websites at metaco.com, metaco.cloud and its subdomains and any other websites that link to these terms and conditions (together, “Websites”), or any content available on or through them; or
  * access our developer sandbox, APIs and related documentation or any other software or services made available free of charge to members of our developer community (together, “Services”).

By accessing or using our Websites or Services, you agree to be bound by these
Terms. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must not use our Websites or
Services.

We may amend these Terms at any time by publishing updated terms on this
Website. Please check back regularly as, by continuing to use our Websites or
Services, you agree to be bound by any amendments to these Terms.

#### Our Policies

In addition to these Terms, your use of our Websites and Services is also
subject to the following policies:

  * Our [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/), which sets out how we use any personal data that we collect from you through our Websites or Services; and
  * Our [Cookie Policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/), which sets out how we use cookies and other technologies to collect information from your web browser.

#### Other important information about these Terms

These Terms, together with any policies or other documents referred to in
these Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and Metaco in
relation to your access to and use of our Websites and Services and supersede
all previous agreements, negotiations and discussions.

If any provision of these Terms is or becomes illegal, invalid or
unenforceable, that will not affect the legality, validity or enforceability
of any other provision of these Terms.

No delay or failure by us in exercising or enforcing any right or remedy under
these Terms will constitute a waiver of such right or remedy or prevent us
from exercising or enforcing that right or remedy in the future.

You may not assign or transfer your rights, benefits or obligations under
these Terms to any other person without our prior written consent. We may
assign or transfer our rights, benefits or obligations under these Terms to
any of our group companies without your consent, provided we inform you of
such assignment by e-mail or by a notice published on this Website.

Our group companies and suppliers may directly enforce and rely on any
provision of these Terms that confers a benefit on or rights in favour of
them. Other than this, no other third party shall have any rights under or in
connection with these Terms.

These Terms shall be governed exclusively by the laws of Switzerland and any
dispute arising out of or in connection with these Terms or your use of our
Websites and Services shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the
courts of Switzerland.

### USING OUR WEBSITES AND SERVICES

This section sets out the terms and conditions that apply to all of our
Websites and Services (“General Terms”). These General Terms are supplemented
by additional terms relating to specific parts or aspects of our Websites and
Services, which are set out in the following sections of these Terms.

#### Your permission to use our Websites and Services

You are permitted to access and use our Websites and Services, provided that
you comply with all applicable laws and these Terms, respect the rights of
others (including privacy and intellectual property rights), and don’t
interfere with or disrupt the security, integrity or performance of our
Websites or Services.

You must not:

  * use our Websites or Services in any way, or for any purpose, that is prohibited by law, constitutes a criminal offence or might give rise to civil liability;
  * use our Websites or Services to send spam or distribute malware, to impersonate any other person, or to distribute material that is offensive, obscene, abusive, bullying, threatening or defamatory or that otherwise infringes the rights of others;
  * attempt to introduce malware or gain unauthorized access to any part of our Websites or Services, their related networks or systems, or any software or data stored on them, or to access or use other people’s user accounts;
  * perform any kind of security or performance testing or benchmarking on our Websites or Services without our express written consent; or
  * exploit our Websites or Services for commercial purposes or to build competing products or services.

If we determine that you have failed to comply with these Terms or have
otherwise acted inappropriately, we may withdraw your permission to access or
use our Websites or Services and take legal action against you.

#### Content of our Websites and Services

We make reasonable efforts to make sure that our Websites and Services remain
useful and relevant. However, we do not guarantee that the content of our
Websites and Services is accurate, complete or up-to-date and we do not accept
any responsibility for any errors or omissions.

We may change the content of our Websites and Services, or add or discontinue
Websites or Services, at any time.

No information published on the Website and Services constitutes a
solicitation or offer, or recommendation, to buy or sell any investment
instruments, to effect any transactions, or to conclude any legal act of any
kind whatsoever.

#### Third party content and websites

Our Websites may include information and content relating to third parties and
third-party products and services, and links to third party websites and
resources. We do not recommend or endorse any of the third parties or third-
party products or services mentioned on our Websites and we are not
responsible for, and have no liability to you in connection with, any third
parties or third-party products or services.

You agree that you will not use any third party materials in a manner that
would infringe or violate the rights of any other party and that Metaco is not
in any way responsible for any such use by you.

#### Intellectual Property

The content of our Websites and Services is protected by copyright, trademark
and other intellectual property rights and laws. We own, or are licenced to
use, all copyright, trademarks and other intellectual property rights in the
content of our Websites and Services.

You may use the content of our Websites and Services only as permitted by
these Terms, but we and our licensors retain all intellectual property rights
in the content.

All trademarks, logos and other marks shown on our Websites and Services are
the property of their respective owners. You do not obtain any rights to use
the ‘Metaco’ name, or any other brand names, trademarks or logos of Metaco and
its group companies under these Terms.

#### Usage statistics and feedback

We may collect certain usage statics and feedback relating our Websites and
Services, including information on how the Websites and Services are being
used. This information is aggregated and does not contain your personal data,
or data that you provide to us.

If you choose to give us any feedback or suggestions in relation to our
Website or Services, or the other products or services made available by
Metaco and its group companies, we may freely use and share your feedback and
suggestions free of charge and without restriction.

#### Disclaimers and liability

Our Websites and Services are provided “as is” and “as available” without
warranty of any kind. Any use of our website or service is at your discretion
and risk. To the extent permitted by law, Metaco, its group companies and
suppliers disclaim all representations, warranties and conditions of any kind
in relation to the Websites and Services, whether express or implied,
including but not limited to warranties of merchant ability, fitness for a
particular purpose, satisfactory quality and non-infringement.

To the extent permitted by law, Metaco, its group companies and suppliers
shall not be liable to you under any theory of liability (including
negligence) for any damages or losses of any kind arising from or in
connection with your use of our Websites or Services or reliance on any
information that you obtain through them, including any loss of data, data
use, business, profits, revenues or business interruption, howsoever caused
and whether or not Metaco, its group companies or suppliers have been advised
of, or should have been aware of, the possibility of such damages or losses.

#### Contact us

To contact us, please make use of the [Contact
Us](https://www.metaco.com/contact/) section on this Website.

### Partners

The Partners page of the Website consists of selected third parties who
provide software and services that are complementary to, or integrate with,
our own software or services (“Partners”). We publish information about
Partners and their products and services (“Partner Information”) on the
Website. Partner Information may include links to third party websites and
resources operated or provided by Partners.

You acknowledge that Partner Information is provided to us by our Partners and
that each Partner is solely responsible for the accuracy, quality and
completeness of its Partner Information. We do not verify the information
contained in any Partner Information provided by Partners. Any information
relating to a Partner’s products or services should be checked with the
relevant Partner prior to purchase.

We accept no responsibility to you in relation to Partner Information, or any
third party websites or resources linked or referred to in Partner
Information.

#### Intellectual Property

All copyright, trademarks, logos and other intellectual property rights in the
Partner Information are owned by the relevant Partners or their licensors.

You agree that you will not use Partner Information in a manner that would
infringe or violate the rights of any other party and that  Metaco is not in
any way responsible for any such use by you.

#### Partner products and services

We do not endorse or recommend Partners, or any of the products or services
made available by Partners that are mentioned on the Website.

If you choose to purchase products or services from a Partner, you do so at
your own discretion and risk under a separate contract between you and the
Partner. In particular, you acknowledge and agree that:

  * we are not party to any transaction between you and a Partner, and we have no authority to negotiate or conclude any such transaction with you on behalf of a Partner;
  * we have no responsibility to you whatsoever in relation to any products or services provided by Partners (including the availability, quality, functionality or performance of those products or services); and
  * except as expressly set out in a separate written contract, we do not provide support, maintenance or helpdesk services in respect of products or services provided by Partners.

#### Disclaimers and liability

Partner Information on our Website and Serivces is provided “as is” and “as
available” without warranty of any kind. Any use of Partner Information is at
your discretion and risk. To the extent permitted by law, Metaco, its group
companies and suppliers disclaim all representations, warranties and
conditions of any kind in relation to the Partner Information, whether express
or implied.

To the extent permitted by law, Metaco, its group companies and suppliers
shall not be liable to you under any theory of liability (including
negligence) for any damages or losses of any kind arising from or in
connection with your use of the Partner Information or any transaction between
you or your company and a Partner, including any loss of data, data use,
business, profits, revenue or business interruption, howsoever caused and
whether or not Metaco, its group of companies or suppliers have been advised
or should have been aware of the possibility of such damages or losses.

#### Privacy

If you request further information about any Partner, or its products or
services, using the form provided on the Website, we will use the personal
data that you provide, and share it with the relevant Partner, in accordance
with our Privacy Policy.

### USING OUR WEBSITES AND SERVICES

This section sets out additional terms that apply to your use of Metaco
developer community (“Metaco Docs”) accounts, Services and software, including
our community forums, developer sandbox, APIs, software development kits and
other developer software or services that we make available to the Metaco
developer community.

#### Metaco Docs accounts

We restrict access to some parts of our Websites and Services to authorised
members of the Metaco developer community. If you do not already have a valid
Metaco Docs account, you may apply for such an account using the contact us
forms provided on the Websites.

We review every application for a Metaco Docs account and we only issue
accounts to individuals who have a legitimate interest in being a member of
our developer community. We reserve the right to decline your request for a
Metaco Docs account and/or to terminate your account at any time at our sole
discretion and without giving any reasons.

Where you apply for a Metaco Docs account, you must ensure that all
registration information that you provide, including your contact details, are
correct. You must promptly notify us of any changes to those details for as
long as your account remains active. Any personal information that you provide
to us in connection with your account will be used in accordance with our
Privacy Policy.

The user name that you choose during registration will be visible to others
when you post any messages or comments on the Websites. If you do not wish to
be identified when posting on the Websites, please do not include personally
identifying information in your user name. User names must comply with the
requirements of these Terms relating to user content.

Your account is for your use only and you may not share your account with any
other person or permit any other person to access or use your account. You are
responsible for your account and for all actions taken using your account. You
must maintain the confidentiality and security of your account and any
security certificate, identifier, key or password connected to your account.
If you believe the security of your account may have been compromised, you
must notify us immediately at the contact details set out below.

If you wish to close your account, please contact us as set out below.

### Our Confidential Information

You acknowledge that those parts of our Websites and Services to which access
is restricted to authorised users contain information that is confidential,
secret and valuable to Metaco and its group companies (“Confidential
Information”). This includes articles, documentation and discussions relating
to our products and services and any other information that we do not make
publicly available.

If you are given access to our Confidential Information, you agree to:

  * keep our Confidential Information confidential and secure and not to disclose it to any other person (unless you are legally required to do so);
  * promptly notify us if you become aware of any unauthorised access to, or use or disclosure of, our Confidential Information; and
  * use your best efforts to assist us and our group companies in identifying, preventing and investigating any unauthorised disclosure or use of our Confidential Information.

#### Interactive Website features and user content

Our Websites may contain discussion forums, comment sections or other
interactive features that enable you to post or submit your own content
(including text, links, photos and content in any other format) to us or for
publication on our Websites. By posting or submitting your content, you permit
Metaco and its group companies to use and share your content free of charge
and without restriction, and confirm that you have the legal right to do so.

You must ensure that your content complies with the requirements of these
Terms relating to the use of our Websites and Services. In particular, your
content must be relevant to our Websites and Services and must not:

  * be false, misleading, or inaccurate;
  * contain advertising materials, spam, solicitation, or other commercially exploitive material;
  * violate the rights (including intellectual property or privacy rights) of Metaco or any other person;
  * defame, harasses, threaten, or stalk another (or threaten to do so) or be racist, hateful, vulgar, profane, pornographic or sexually explicit, obscene or otherwise offensive;
  * advocate violence or any illegal activity;
  * represent or suggest that Metaco or its group companies endorse your content or any other third party product, service or content;
  * contain or be connected in any way with the distribution of malware;
  * link to any other website containing content that infringes these requirements; or
  * be posted or submitted by any automated means.

We do not monitor or screen content posted or submitted by other users of our
Websites and we take no responsibility for such content or for the conduct
(online or offline) of any such users. Any views or opinions expressed by
users of our Websites do not represent the views or opinions of Metaco, its
group companies or their officers or employees. You may report any
inappropriate content to Metaco by contacting us as set out below.

We may remove user-provided content from our Websites and Services at any time
at our sole discretion.

#### Intellectual property infringement notification

We respect the intellectual property rights of others, and will respond
expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using our Websites
or Services. If you are a copyright owner or agent, and you believe that any
content on our Websites or Services infringes your copyrights, then you may
submit a notice to our Chief Information Security Officer with the following
information via mail or email:

  * Identification of the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works on the Metaco website are covered by a single notification, a representative list of such works.
  * Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled.
  * Include a direct link (URL) to or other description of the exact location where each such material may be found.
  * Information reasonably sufficient to permit Metaco to contact you, including an address, telephone number, and, if available, an electronic mail address.
  * A statement you have a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law.
  * A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, and that (a) you are the owner, or you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner, of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed.
  * Your full legal name and your physical or electronic signature.

Please note that to be an effective notice under the US Digital Millennium
Copyright Act all the information above must be included in your notice. Any
person who knowingly materially misrepresents that material or activity is
infringing may be subject to liability.

Please send any notice by mail to: Chief Information Security Officer, Avenue
de Tivoli 2, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland or by email to: security@metaco.com;
Subject: Copyright infringement notification.

#### Metaco Developer Sandbox and Software

As part of our Services, we may make certain Metaco software products
available to members of the Metaco developer community for evaluation purposes
by means of a shared sandbox environment (“Sandbox”). We may also make
software development kits and other developer software relating to Metaco
products available to the developers for download (“Developer Software”).

If you have a Metaco Docs account, you may use any Sandbox or Developer
Software that we make available to you as part of the Services (including any
related documentation), on a non-exclusive, non-transferable basis, solely for
the purpose of evaluating Metaco products in connection with the internal
business activities of the business or organisation for which you work. Any
production or commercial use of the Sandbox or Developer Software (including
any use for marketing or demonstration purposes) is explicitly prohibited.

You may not attempt to obtain, decompile, reverse engineer or otherwise derive
the source code of the Developer Software, unless we make the source code
available to you.

We do not provide any support, helpdesk or maintenance services in respect of
the Sandbox or Developer Software. However, you are welcome to report any
issues with our Services to us at the contact details set out below.

Where we make Developer Software available to download, you may only download
one copy of the Developer Software (and any related documentation) for the
purposes specified above. Unless expressly permitted by us in writing, you may
not modify, reproduce, distribute, or create derivative works of such software
or documentation.

Developer Software may be subject to its own separate licence terms, which may
be found on the relevant Website or in the software distribution package (in
which case those separate licence terms shall apply to your use of such
software instead of these Terms).

You will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Metaco, its group companies and
suppliers, from and against all claims, actions, proceedings, costs (including
legal costs), expenses, damages or other losses suffered by Metaco, its group
companies or suppliers arising out of your use of the Metaco Websites and
Services, the Sandbox, Developer Software or any other Services in breach of
these Terms.

For communications relating to the Metaco Docs accounts and Services, you can
contact us:

By email at support@metaco.com; or  
By post at Metaco SA, Avenue de Tivoli 2, 1007 Lausanne, Switzerland, FAO:
Chief Technology Officer.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

