![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/AhUvfvqAQxu6ebEBOZSlbvFNo.png)

Restaking network

on Solana

Security shared through the incredibly fast Solana network to power all
decentralized systems.

[Launch app](https://app.solayer.org)

[solayer](./)

[Docs](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Blogs](./blog)

[Community](./community)

[About](./about)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

20+ Asset Support

Multi-asset support and deep DeFi integration from the get-go

Learn More

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

Securing parallel networks on Solana

Add horizontal scalabilityâ¨â¨

to Solana

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

Enabling deep

Solana-integrated systems

Incredibly fast

Security shared

What is restaking?

Restaking is a novel concept in the world of blockchain security that enables
you to use your tokens more than once at the consensus layer to secure
multiple networks.

Bridge

Solana POS

Oracle

Data layer

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/CEOCD04VMkRuaA9X5oOERalPmaY.png)

Solayer is a shared validator network that secures other Solana-integrated
systems.

  * Localized blockspace 

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

Integrated Solana virtual machine

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

  * Integrated Solana virtual machine 

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

Solayer shared security

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

  * Solayer shared security 

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

  * Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

  * Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

Localized blockspace

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

  * Localized blockspace 

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

Integrated Solana virtual machine

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

  * Integrated Solana virtual machine 

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

Solayer shared security

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

  * Solayer shared security 

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

  * Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

  * Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

Localized blockspace

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

  * Localized blockspace 

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

Integrated Solana virtual machine

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

  * Integrated Solana virtual machine 

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

Solayer shared security

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

  * Solayer shared security 

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

  * Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

  * Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

Localized blockspace

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

  * Localized blockspace 

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

Integrated Solana virtual machine

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

  * Integrated Solana virtual machine 

Execution environment directly integrated with each Solana program application

Solayer shared security

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

  * Solayer shared security 

Secure Solana's native security, a restaked verification, rollbacks utilizing
Solana's L1 validators

Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

  * Localized sequencer

Application-specific transaction sequencer

Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

  * Localized state management

Concurrent states with native synchronization framework

Localized blockspace

Ultra performant and dedicated processing to achieve concurrent block
production

![Back
Arrow](https://framerusercontent.com/images/6tTbkXggWgQCAJ4DO2QEdXXmgM.svg)![Next
Arrow](https://framerusercontent.com/images/11KSGbIZoRSg4pjdnUoif6MKHI.svg)

Whyâ¨â¨

on Solana?

AVSs can leverage Solana's fast execution environment and parallel processing,
making it particularly competitive for computationally intensive applications
such as gaming, non-stochastic AI/ML, and more.

296m

Total SOL Staked

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

<$1

Transaction cost

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

Instant Finality

Enabling a web2 experience

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

Optimized

For the best performance

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

The decentralised

trust on Solana

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/kIejKk5WWnIGMGsaNjMa8APNaaA.png)

SVM-networks

Infrastructure such as application-specific transaction sequencing layer can
utilize Solayer

Permissioned Public Mempools

Decentralized Sequencer

MEV Strategies

Localized state management

[Learn more](https://github.com/solayer-labs/solayer-pm/blob/main/Request-For-
AVS.md)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/CEOCD04VMkRuaA9X5oOERalPmaY.png)

Join the Solayer Community

Security shared through the incredibly fast Solana network to power all
decentralized systems.

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NsosN4shAeFUd7oCe5Jxcfgtcc.png)Contribute
on Github](https://github.com/solayer-labs)

[![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NsosN4shAeFUd7oCe5Jxcfgtcc.png)Join
our team](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/solayer-labs#content)

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NsosN4shAeFUd7oCe5Jxcfgtcc.png)Become
Operator

![](https://framerusercontent.com/images/NsosN4shAeFUd7oCe5Jxcfgtcc.png)Coming
soonBuild SVN

Subscribe to all things Solayer

[solayer](./)

Solayer leverages the economic principles of staking to extend the security of
Solana's base layer.

[](https://twitter.com/solayer_labs)[](https://discord.gg/solayerlabs)[](https://github.com/solayer-
labs)

[About](./about)

[Career](https://jobs.solana.com/companies/solayer-labs)

Contact us

[Community ](./community)

[Documentations](https://docs.solayer.org/)

[Changelog](./changelog)

Â©2024 Solayer Â· All Rights Reserved

[Privacy Policy](./privacy-policy)

[Terms & Condition](./terms&condition)

