Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

  1. [Home](/en/)/
  2. [Guides](/en/guides/)/
  3. [How to revoke smart contract access to your crypto funds](/en/guides/how-to-revoke-token-access/)

Page last updated: February 27, 2024

On this page

  * Step 1: Use revoke access tools
  * Step 2: Connect your wallet
  * Step 3: Select a smart contract you wish to revoke
  * Step 4: Revoke access to your funds
  * Frequently asked questions
    * Does revoking token access also terminate staking, pooling, lending etc?
    * Is disconnecting a wallet from a project the same as removing permission to use my funds?
    * When will the contract permission expire?
    * Why do projects set unlimited token allowance?

# How to revoke smart contract access to your crypto funds

This guide will teach you how to view a list of all _smart contracts_ you have
allowed access to your funds and how to cancel them.

Sometimes malicious developers build backdoors into smart contracts that allow
access to the funds of unaware users who interact with the smart contract.
What often happens is that such platforms ask the user for permission to spend
an **unlimited number of tokens** in an attempt to save small amounts of _gas_
in the future, but this comes with increased risk.

Once a platform has unlimited access rights to a token on your _wallet_ , they
can spend all those tokens even if you have withdrawn your funds from their
platform into your wallet. Malicious actors can still access your funds and
withdraw them into their wallets with no recovery option left for you.

The only protections are to refrain from using untested new projects, only
approve what you need, or regularly revoke access. So, how do you do that?

## Step 1: Use revoke access tools

Several websites let you view and revoke smart contracts connected to your
address. Visit the website and connect your wallet:

  * [Ethallowance(opens in a new tab)](https://ethallowance.com/) (Ethereum)
  * [Etherscan(opens in a new tab)](https://etherscan.io/tokenapprovalchecker) (Ethereum)
  * [Cointool(opens in a new tab)](https://cointool.app/approve/eth) (multiple networks)
  * [Revoke(opens in a new tab)](https://revoke.cash/) (multiple networks)
  * [Unrekt(opens in a new tab)](https://app.unrekt.net/) (multiple networks)
  * [EverRevoke(opens in a new tab)](https://everrise.com/everrevoke/) (multiple networks)

## Step 2: Connect your wallet

Once you are on the website, click on ‚ÄúConnect wallet‚Äù. The website should
prompt you to connect your wallet.

Make sure you use the same network in your wallet and website. You will only
see smart contracts related to the network selected. For example, if you
connect to Ethereum Mainnet, you will only see Ethereum contracts, not
contracts from other chains such as Polygon.

## Step 3: Select a smart contract you wish to revoke

You should see all the contracts that are allowed access to your tokens and
their spending limit. Find the one you wish to terminate.

If you do not know which contract to choose, you can revoke all of them. It
won't create any problems for you, but you will have to grant a new set of
permissions the next time you interact with any of these contracts.

## Step 4: Revoke access to your funds

Once you click on revoke, you should see a new transaction suggestion in your
wallet. This is to be expected. You will have to pay the fee for the
cancellation to be successful. Depending on the network this can take from a
minute to several to be processed.

We advise you to refresh the revoking tool after a few minutes and connect
your wallet again to double check if the revoked contract has disappeared from
the list.

We recommend you never allow projects unlimited access to your tokens and
revoke all token allowance access regularly. Revoking token access should
never result in a loss of funds, especially if you use the tools listed above.  

![üëÄ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f440.svg)

Want to learn more?

[See our other guides](/en/guides/)

## Frequently asked questions

### Does revoking token access also terminate staking, pooling, lending etc?

No, it will not affect any of your _DeFi_ strategies. You will remain in your
positions and keep getting rewards etc.

### Is disconnecting a wallet from a project the same as removing permission
to use my funds?

No, if you disconnect your wallet from the project, but you've granted token
allowance permissions, they can still use those tokens. You need to revoke
that access.

### When will the contract permission expire?

There are no expiration dates on contract permissions. If you grant contract
permissions, they can be used, even years after they're granted.

### Why do projects set unlimited token allowance?

Projects often do this to minimize the number of requests required, meaning
the user only has to approve once and pay the transaction fee only once. While
convenient, this can be dangerous for users to approve carelessly, on sites
that are not proven with time or audited. Some wallets allow you to manually
restrict the amount of tokens being approved to limit your risk. Check with
your wallet provider for more information.

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/guides/how-to-revoke-token-access/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Step 1: Use revoke access tools
    * Step 2: Connect your wallet
    * Step 3: Select a smart contract you wish to revoke
    * Step 4: Revoke access to your funds
    * Frequently asked questions
      * Does revoking token access also terminate staking, pooling, lending etc?
      * Is disconnecting a wallet from a project the same as removing permission to use my funds?
      * When will the contract permission expire?
      * Why do projects set unlimited token allowance?

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Smart contract

A smart contract is a program that automatically executes agreements on a
blockchain, like a self-enforcing digital contract. [Introduction to smart
contracts](/en/smart-contracts/).

### Gas

Gas is the fee paid for transactions and smart contracts on a blockchain, like
Ethereum. [More on gas and fees](/en/gas/).

### Wallet

A wallet is a digital tool to store, send, and receive digital currency, like
a virtual purse for your online money. [More on Ethereum
wallets](/en/wallets/).

### DeFi

A broad category of Ethereum apps aiming to provide financial services backed
by the blockchain, without any intermediaries. [More on decentralized finance
(DeFi)](/en/defi/)

