Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# The changing face of cryptocurrencies: from crime conduit to currency of
choice

  *  __ February 5, 2021
  *  __6 min
  *  __Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-changing-face-of-cryptocurrencies-from-crime-conduit-to-currency-of-choice%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fthe-changing-face-of-cryptocurrencies-from-crime-conduit-to-currency-of-choice%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

If perception acts as a lens through which we view reality, then
cryptocurrency has a job on its hands to convince people it’s not the hotbed
for the criminal activity they think it is. Mud sticks, and all too often
disparaging – and increasingly anachronistic – allegations about its use for
illegal activities are difficult to brush off.

Take [Janet Yellen’s
comments](https://www.financemagnates.com/cryptocurrency/news/janet-yellen-
changes-tone-on-cryptocurrency-assets/) for example. The former head of the
Federal Reserve – who was recently confirmed as the first-ever female US
treasury secretary – has been very vocal on the subject lately.

During a Senate hearing, she stated that cryptocurrencies “are used, at least
in a transactions sense, mainly for illicit financing” – perpetuating this
misguided perception. But did she mean it?

When the dust had settled, it became apparent that Mrs Yellen’s thoughts were
more balanced than that quote portrayed.

A few days later she clarified her stance in a written testimony, saying:

> _“I think it important we consider the benefits of cryptocurrencies and
> other digital assets, and the potential they have to improve the efficiency
> of the financial system”._

Were her words originally misconstrued because society is preconditioned to
assume the sole purpose of cryptocurrency is to facilitate criminality?

Whatever the reason, it’s clear the perception persists that it is a thinly
regulated landscape where criminality blossoms. However, if we scratch the
surface of this seemingly murky world – one we are led to believe is entirely
populated by shady characters intent on circumventing the current financial
system – we quickly learn that all is not what it seems.



### Shedding the stigma around criminality

Even the staunchest advocate of cryptocurrency cannot deny that there is a
link between these digital assets and crime – with various precedents blotting
its copybook.

Consider Silk Road, for instance: the infamous demise of this online black
market – the first modern darknet market – after it was shut down by law
enforcement in 2013, highlighted how blockchain technology was being exploited
by criminals in hidden corners of the internet.

**Fast-forward eight years and cryptocurrencies are more traceable than
ever**.

By definition, crypto means concealed; secret. However, this does not
necessarily apply to cryptocurrency.

Unlike cash, which is completely anonymous, blockchain technology is
inherently transparent and behaves like an infinite, immutable, data ledger
that houses every single cryptocurrency transaction ever made – you simply
need access to the relevant tools and knowledge to harness the information
provided by the blockchain.

The development of blockchain data analytic AML tools that are specifically
designed to focus on crypto assets has been a game-changer in the battle to
reduce the attack surface – making them more traceable than electronic
transactions and providing the power to share insights with law enforcement
and the wider industry.

Concerted efforts from law enforcement agencies around the world are yielding
results. High-profile convictions – such as Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht
who was sentenced to double life imprisonment plus forty years without the
possibility of parole – have sent a most powerful message. Criminals cannot
hide behind cryptocurrency and law enforcement agencies have the tools at
their disposal to bring them to justice.

The [figures](https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/2021-crypto-crime-report-
intro-ransomware-scams-darknet-markets) speak for themselves – demonstrating
the overall amount of cryptocurrency-related crime is declining and is a
smaller part of its economy:

  * **Cryptocurrency criminal activity dropped to 0.34% in 2020** , or $10 billion in transaction volume, compared to the previous year when criminal activity represented 2.1% of all transaction volume – over $21 billion worth of transfers.
  * **The amount of money harvested from cryptocurrency scams declined significantly in 2020**  following the PlusToken Ponzi scheme in 2019, which resulted in the loss of over $2 billion.



### The future is bright

This winning combination of technology-enabled traceability, information
sharing, and law enforcement deterrents has begun to paint a positive picture,
which alongside asset performance, has invited people to [take a fresh look at
crypto](https://www.metaco.com/its-time-to-take-a-fresh-look-at-the-crypto-
market/). In 2019,
[**18%**](https://go.chainalysis.com/rs/503-FAP-074/images/2020-Crypto-Crime-
Report.pdf)**  of all Americans and 35% of American millennials purchased
cryptocurrency. **In addition, major retailers and financial institutions are
entering the space: Amazon and Starbucks now allow customers to pay in
Bitcoin; while [Standard Chartered](https://www.sc.com/en/media/press-
release/weve-partnered-with-northern-trust-to-launch-zodia-a-cryptocurrency-
custodian-for-institutional-investors/) and
[BBVA](https://www.bbva.com/en/bbva-launches-its-first-commercial-solution-
for-the-trading-and-custody-of-bitcoin-in-switzerland/) both recently
announced they are launching investor services – all bringing their cybercrime
knowledge and resources to the table.

The tide is turning after cryptocurrencies were catapulted into public
awareness in the early part of the previous decade and controversies
surrounding them spawned a distrust that has been difficult to overcome.

Since then, perception of these digital assets being the preserve
cybercriminal has been eroded to the point that some of the world’s most
recognizable brands are embracing them – a U-turn that has been driven by
reality.

**So, with illicit transactions low, adoption rates growing, and an effective
regulatory framework in the pipeline, we expect to hear Janet Yellen and her
contemporaries banging the drum for cryptocurrencies in 2021 – and beyond.**

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/ripple-metaco-logo-globe-1-640x638.png?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 29, 2024### [Building for the Digital Asset Future with
Ripple](https://www.metaco.com/blog/building-digital-asset-future-with-ripple/
"Building for the Digital Asset Future with Ripple")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/02/blog-1200-640x335.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

February 16, 2024### [Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial
services](https://www.metaco.com/blog/paradigm-shift-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/
"Preparing for a paradigm shift in financial services")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/blog-banner.jpg?x88149)

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

January 25, 2024### [UAE as a thriving digital assets’ hub: progressive
regulation spurs innovation](https://www.metaco.com/blog/uae-as-a-thriving-
digital-assets-hub-progressive-regulation-spurs-innovation/ "UAE as a thriving
digital assets’ hub: progressive regulation spurs innovation")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

