[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaG93LW91ci11c2Vycy1kcml2ZS1pbm5vdmF0aW9uLWF0LWJpbmFuY2UtNzgzNTI2NjY3ODc4MTc2NjAyOD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vaG93LW91ci11c2Vycy1kcml2ZS1pbm5vdmF0aW9uLWF0LWJpbmFuY2UtNzgzNTI2NjY3ODc4MTc2NjAyOD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# How Our Users Drive Innovation at Binance

2023-10-27

[Binance Build](/blog/tag/binance-build-41)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231026/e674a1cc-718a-4b14-888c-37b79e54601e)

You, our users, drive everything we do at Binance.

We don’t build products just for the sake of building them. We’ve always been
dedicated to increasing the freedom of money. True to that vision, we’re
constantly innovating, listening to your feedback, figuring out how to improve
the user experience, and shipping new features that have high impact. In this
industry, we can’t afford to be complacent and settle for just good enough.
You have to be quick on your feet; observe market environments and user needs,
and identify opportunities to create unique experiences. That’s how we managed
to weather several crypto winters and build an entire ecosystem that includes
the world’s largest crypto exchange [_in the past 6
years_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/binance-
turns-6-8188278446020229815#idrichtexttextconfigcontentfurther-readingstyle).

This mindset has inspired our ethos that’s crystallized in two words: **Keep
Building**.

It’s not just a motto — it’s the very fabric of our company. From minor tweaks
to major upgrades, everything we build and ship comes together as a reflection
of our commitment to advancing digital asset adoption by offering the most
secure, efficient and user-friendly products that will bring in the next
billion users. How we live up to that commitment is by staying alert to what’s
happening in the market and by listening to what our communities are feeding
back to us.

That’s why we have a  [_Customer Support
team_](https://x.com/BinanceHelpDesk?s=20) that’s actively engaged with users
on social media. We also built a [_Feature Request & Feedback
Board_](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry) to make it
easy for any user to  share their vision of what they think we should build
next. And it works. Every month, we get hundreds of requests and suggestions.
We have dedicated staff focused on processing them and feeding them to our
product teams, and many of them are eventually built. In September alone, out
of all the feedback we received, we validated over 300 suggested features from
our users and we’ve already shipped many of them. We’ll share more on this
soon.

Although we’ve grown a lot from our early days, I’ve never looked at Binance
as a finished product. We’re continuously refining our suite of features and
products based on our observations of where we see the industry might be
going, and based on your experiences and needs as well. Our philosophy of
user-driven innovation and change is what propels us and our industry forward.  

Which brings me to **#BinanceBuild**.

You might have seen it on X/Twitter before, or perhaps not. It’s a simple
name, yet it captures the spirit that’s powered our growth over the years. We
always stay grounded on our mission to increase the freedom of money by
remaining focused on our users and their experience on our platform.

So every time you see #BinanceBuild on our official channels, know that you’re
always at the heart of it. That we’re always pushing the boundaries of what’s
possible to build a brighter future – for our industry and for our
communities. It’s a reminder that we’re constantly listening, building and
shipping for you, our user.

Our strength isn't just in our technology or services; it's also in our
community.

Let’s keep building a better future. Together.

#BinanceBuild

CZ

195,049,272 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

195,049,272 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

