Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

METACO TALKS EP. 17

# Combining traditional custody expertise with fintech agility

  *  __ June 30, 2021
  *  __33 min
  *  __Hosted by Seamus Donoghue (Chief Growth Officer, METACO)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fcombining-traditional-custody-expertise-with-fintech-agility-w-maxime-de-guillebon-ceo-of-zodia-custody%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Ftalks%2Fcombining-traditional-custody-expertise-with-fintech-agility-w-maxime-de-guillebon-ceo-of-zodia-custody%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

## Live session from The Network Forum Virtual Annual Meeting 2021

For this episode, we are excited that  **[METACO
TALKS](https://www.metaco.com/resources/podcasts/)**  has partnered with
**[The Network Forum](https://www.thenetworkforum.net/home)**  – the global
community for the custody, settlement and post-trade industry. This live
conversations was streamed **exclusively**  to the leading event connecting
more than 1,000 experts in the custody and post-trade universe: **[THE NETWORK
FORUM VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING
2021](https://www.thenetworkforum.net/virtualannualmeeting2021)**.

Our guest for the episode was **[Maxime de
Guillebon](https://www.linkedin.com/in/maxime-de-guillebon-677b015/)** , CEO
of **[Zodia Custody](https://www.zodia.io/)**  – the Standard Chartered-backed
digital asset custodian for institutional investors. Maxime is based in
London, and previous to his appointment as CEO of Zodia, he worked in [SC
Ventures](https://sc-ventures.com/), the innovation arm of Standard Chartered.
Maxime has worked for the Standard Chartered Group for 14 years in a variety
of roles in transaction banking and digital channels, working out of Vietnam,
Singapore and Dubai.

**Among other topics, we discussed:**

  * the business opportunity behind institutional grade custody for cryptocurrencies and digital assets
  * innovating at high speed while having the benefits of having a Tier 1 institution behind
  * the digital asset partner ecosystem – fragmentation, cooperation and orchestrating the value chain
  * enabling institutions to access the DeFi market

### Full transcript

[00:03:09] The business opportunity behind institutional grade custody for
cryptocurrencies and digital assets

[00:13:28] Innovating at high speed while having the benefits of having a Tier
1 institution behind

[00:17:13] The digital asset partner ecosystem – fragmentation, cooperation
and orchestrating the value chain

[00:22:50] Enabling institutions to access the DeFi market



**Seamus:  **[00:00:09] Welcome to Metaco Talks. I’m Seamus Donoghue, the VP
of Strategic Alliances at Metaco. If this is your first time joining Metaco
Talks, it’s a biweekly podcast where we invite thought leaders from the
digital asset space to join and discuss their operations, current events, and
opportunities in an exponential future.

Today’s a unique episode as we’re broadcasting live from The Network Forum.
The Network Form is the preeminent event for the network management custody in
post-trade community. I’m proud to say, our guest today is Max de Guillebon,
who is the CEO of Zodia. He’s someone that started out as a branch manager of
a bank, rose to the ranks in cash management and transaction banking, the
venture arm of a bank, and is now the CEO of one of the leading digital asset
companies. It’d be great, Max, if you could spend a few minutes to introduce
yourself and your journey to digital assets and the high level the ambitions.

**Max:  **Well, first of all, thanks for having me. Great to be part of the
Metaco Talks and the TNF forum at the same time.

I have a very conventional background. People in the crypto community would
probably call it boring. As you rightly pointed out, my time in banking has
been largely in commercial bank across various countries. Started in Ireland,
transaction banking product in the Middle East, Singapore, Vietnam. In
Vietnam, to be fair, I discovered innovation, and that’s something that I kept
after, sticking to start a charter probably for now 15 years.

Just so that I anticipate a little bit of question on how did Zodia come to
play, I had the privilege of looking after the banks channel: online banking
platforms, SWIFT, et cetera; and blockchain. To be fairly, it was new and
nobody really knew where to park it. People thought that was just another
channel that the bank would interact with ITS client or partners. From
blockchain question started to come to crypto. I’ll talk a little bit later,
I’m sure there’ll be a question on how do we do that in a large financial
institution. But essentially it was natural progression, not planed at all.
I’m not a cryptology person, I’m not a technology person either, although I
became one. But yes, that’s really my background.

We set up Zodia, I think we incorporated the entity in the UK in January 2020.
We are about to go live, having ticked all the boxed internally: regulatory
and so forth. Zodia really positioned itself as being a truly institutional
grade custody platform. We are very clear on the institutional grade. We are
generally a custodian built by custodian, for custodians and for investors;
and very clear on the fact that look at institutions –large institutions,
founds, global custodian banks, et cetera. We bring really the custody element
of it, we don’t try to do everything. We’re very focused on custody only.

That’s a little bit about myself and a bit about Zodia as well and the genesis
of it.

**Seamus:  **[00:03:09] Thanks for the background. I think the fact you are
from the traditional space is very interesting. Given with The Network Forum
today, probably many of the audience is very much the same. It’d be
interesting to see how you frame the opportunity in cryptocurrencies.

**Max:  **To be honest, we didn’t. Let me qualify this, because it’s very
important. It’s extremely important, especially for people who come from a
regulated financial institution background.

We didn’t start with a use case. We didn’t start in exploring revenue
opportunity. We generally started to look at crypto assets because clients
were asking what the bank’s view was, and the bank didn’t have a view. Instead
of starting with the opportunity, we positioned a document internally to say:
these are the risks, here’s what crypto assets all about, these are the things
we need to watch out for. By the way, there are potentially opportunities in a
few areas; we looked at retail. Not just me specifically, but it was the
group.

Generally speaking, we started looking at the risk side of things and
education, and then we’re comfortable enough with managing these risks so that
we could look at the opportunity side of things. To be fair, there was also an
element of in the process, getting the group, especially Bill Winters (the
group CEO) very comfortable with the fact that digital assets were here to
stay. That obviously was the backbone of the project, because that’s what
keeps you going. There was a general understanding that it was yet to stay.
But the approach we’ve taken was very much risk first, opportunity or reward
second; as opposed to trying to jump on the crypto bandwagon.

**Seamus:  **Those steps, whenever we speak to traditional legacy firms that
move in this space, that evolution is very similar. Understand the risks,
understand the asset class and the size. What were the challenges when you got
over those hurdles, like this asset classes here and the understand the
regulatory risks? What were the challenges building the business case? You had
client demand you said, so that’s obviously your starting point.

**Max:  **[00:05:19] We didn’t have client demand, actually, we had a client
inquiry at the very beginning. Keep in mind, we started this in early 2018.
That was the crypto winter. There was very little client demand.

**Seamus:  **Indeed, still looking at the time.

**Max:  **There was very little client demand, which is why we could generally
progress through a risk assessment. It was never meant to be a business. It
was never meant to be something the bank was going to offer. That just
happened through a lot of steps that we went through.

If you look at the big challenges, the biggest one was getting the
organization comfortable that crypto assets were here to stay, and the fact
that it’s an investment. It was a bet at the time. It was difficult for it to
be justifiable business case, to be totally honest. It is now, but three or
four years ago, it was a lot more difficult.

Once you get this, fundamentally speaking, what is very difficult to do is
taking the standard and the framework of a regulated financial institution.
That includes technology standards. That includes regulatory standards. That
include compliance and financial crime standards. That includes all of these
standards, as well as the role of a custodian. You look at UK CAS rules as an
example, and transposing this into the crypto asset world. Custody may sound
the same if everybody calls it custody. It’s fundamentally different, not
necessarily in the principle – because they follow the same asset safekeeping
principles – but the way you implement those principles, you essentially bring
them to life and put them into production. That will continue to be the
greatest challenge.

The other piece which we are discovering now as well, is the fact that it’s
great to have a custody solution, but now that the ecosystem has evolved a
little bit clients are asking for other services. They want banking services,
they want leverage, they want liquidity. Essentially now, as a regulatory
financial institution facing world of sometimes it’s regulated, most likely
not regulated counterparts, the whole risk management framework you need to
put in place to get comfortable with additional services with short partners
that didn’t exist five years ago, is something that is probably the upcoming
barrier to entry now that people have started to master and set technology and
key management.

**Seamus:  **I think you’ve been part of the journey. There were no standards
in 2018 and regulators up the curve was also part of that journey, I imagine.
There seems to be a lot more accumulated knowledge on the regulatory side than
there was then.

From what I know of your operations, you’ve launched with, let’s say
safekeeping or crypto assets to start with. We hear a lot of buzz about
tokenization? Is that part of the plan as well? What does tokenization even
mean to you? I’d be very curious to hear it. There’s big stories, but what is
the reality?

**Max:  **What is tokenization in the first place? There is a variety of
things. But if you think about tokenization, being able to, let’s say create a
small contract that represents assets, and moving them, storing them, trading
them, facilitating the safekeeping of these tokens; then I think the
technology is the same. What changes is the nature of the underlying token,
which is the regulatory environment, how this is being treated by the
regulator in terms of licenses. But also we’ve seen in terms of capital
treatment to perform services around these tokens.

Technically speaking, yes, the infrastructure is there. But we haven’t really
seen a lot of demand for tokenization per se. There’s a lot of excitement. I’m
not sure there is a use case which makes commercial sense right now.

**Seamus:  **Might there be a use case? The initial use case, is it going to
be in the security space when there is a use case? Is it going to be in the
security space, is it going to be things like NFTs, or is it going to be in
the payments space, for example a diem-type initiative?

**Max:  **It’s a good question. Again, based on the clients we have, which is
really the institutional segment, we’re unlikely to see any pioneering tokens.
A lot more around stable coins, some of the unregulated assets potentially.

One thing which is very important to keep in mind is, whoever wants to talk
about tokenization, I think needs to master crypto first. The ecosystem is the
same. It’s going to be the same railway, the same infrastructure, the same
market-makers, the same liquidity pools, the same infrastructure when they
talk about the sequence. It’s going to be very difficult to create something
on the side. It would have to ride on the same cryptocurrency network that is
being built today. Whenever that happens, being part of that crypto ecosystem
today, will be very well positioned to just enable an additional token.

**Seamus:  **[00:10:31] One of our taglines that we often use is: _built for
the crypto state for the tokenization._  It’s almost like, if you have the
crypto infrastructure, it’s a free option, the rest. You’ve been building and
building the tokenization first as you’re waiting. Not sure what you’re
waiting for exactly, what’s the catalyst.

**Max:  **I think for now it is still crypto. If you look at the market cap,
it’s crypto easy use case.

**Seamus:  **I’d love to talk about, as you described, the comparisons of the
FinTech natives and the unregulated space. But before we get to that, you’ve
got a unique structure you’ve set things up as a separate entity. It’d be
interesting to know what’s driven that. When we talk to firms, it seems to be
two models, basically. There’s that or there’s the single point of entry for
clients, for let’s say traditional assets, and crypto, and there’s that model
where you combine it with the existing business. What’s driven how you’ve set
up?

**Max:  **There was some very practical consideration to setting it up as a
separate entity. Then there’s one which is probably a little bit more nuanced
and a little bit less evidenced. If you think about setting up a crypto
business or digital asset business, location is key. When we set up Zodia, we
wanted a very highly reputable regulator. The FCA was the right one. But
keeping in mind that started chattered operations in Tunisia, Africa, and the
Middle East. Of course. It doesn’t approach in Europe, doesn’t operate in the
US as a commercial business. There was no way for us to ride on an existing
license. That’s consideration number one.

Two, as you rightly pointed out, the licenses required are different from
banking license in most cases. In the UK it is. You still need to go through a
vast purchase ration, which is different from the banking license. Sometimes
it’s very different on what you can leverage.

Three, I think the technology is fundamentally different. I think because of
cyber risk, you want to isolate your tech stack from a group. The technology,
nobody uses HSM to secure their API keys today or these kinds of things.
Needed to anyway build it from scratch.

The fourth one, which is potentially not as obvious but critical, is
attracting talent, attracting people. The best engineers today are not
necessarily naturally going to technology organization within banks. They’re a
little bit more attracted to fintechs, to the shiny technology, and crypto
happens to be one of them. It’s very important for us to also make sure we
have the right environments for attracting the best talents.

Setting something dedicated to crypto assets helps us to meet those four key
consideration, which I’ve just mentioned.

**Seamus:  **[00:13:28] The strategy you’ve taken also enables you to be a
very agile brand connected to a large organization. I’d be interested to know,
given you set up the structure, how do you work with STB? Also given that it
was announced that Northern Trust is part of Zodia, how are you all fit
together and operate together?

**Max:  **You need to look at crypto assets as an enabler. For people who are
familiar with custody, crypto is nothing but a new emerging market. What you
do when you have a new emerging market, you need a local provider that
connects to the ecosystem, but understands the regulation of that market, to
navigate on your behalf.

But your clients don’t just operate in crypto. Our clients don’t just operate
in crypto. Crypto is probably, I don’t know, between 0.001, and maybe 30-40%
of their portfolio. The connectivity to traditional finance is absolutely
essential. The connectivity to Fiat, the connectivity to SWIFT, the
connectivity to global custodian, the connectivity to FX, the connectivity to
leverage and lending and all of these services. That is not something, as I
mentioned earlier, that we will provide, because we are very focused on
custody.

The relationship with either Standard Chartered or Northern Trust, but with
other global custodian that we are engaging with is just an enabler to enable
a new market so that they can offer that within their global offering to their
clients and integrate that with all of the services that I mentioned earlier.
There’s no competition. It’s actually a great way of expanding the business.
The emerging market example is probably the best one we can find it.

**Seamus:  **[00:15:21] I haven’t heard that before but that makes a lot of
sense, the way you’ve explained it. Given this journey you’ve had and the
lessons learned, the audience and The Network Forum is probably looking at
this asset class, if they’re not already engaged, wondering how to do it. Is
there advice you would offer to other firms, large firms that want to get into
this, and how to do it?

**Max:  **I can only look at it from what we had to go through. Consider risk
before reward, and I mentioned that earlier, it’s fundamental. Nobody will
ever look at the reward side of the crypto assets. Making sure that’s well
understood is key.

I have to say that sometimes these ideas come from innovation teams, but you
need to rally the rest of the organization to make it happen. Federating
everybody around the project and making people comfortable is by far where I
think a lot of the challenges happen. I didn’t want to use the word delay, but
it takes time. In regulated entities it takes a lot of times. If you’re a
crypto native firm and you’re unregulated, it’s a lot easier.

The third one is education. There is a lot of misrepresentation of crypto, the
risk underpinning crypto, and the tools that are there to mitigate these
risks. Sometimes people will get very surprised that some of the tools are way
more sophisticated than what you can find in traditional finance. Education to
your organization, your partners, your shareholders, your clients – and they
probably work hand-in-hand – I would think this is the right way.

**Seamus:  **[00:17:13] I think those are very practical insights. Let me
change tack a little bit. You mentioned you see yourself as an enabler. In
this space, let’s say solution you build is part of that enablement. You’ve
clearly built, as you say, new technology compared to what the old stack that
supports traditional assets is, or even any infrastructure in a bank. How do
you approach the usual build by partner, in the crypto ecosystem as you see
it?

**Max:  **To be honest, we wanted to buy it. We were very keen to get an off-
the-shelf solution, and we thought it would be easy. The reality is, because
of our approach to look at custody first, we didn’t really find any solution
that covered our requirements. I think also reflecting on if this was the
right decision, because to provide asset safekeeping, you need to own your
engineering, your design. I’m not saying own each part of the technology, but
you need to own the end-to-end security. You need to make sure that it’s built
in a way that can integrate with a lot of the side tools: the screening tool,
the transaction monitoring tools, the compliance tool, the onboarding tool, et
cetera, which typically sits completely outside of custody in the offering
that we see today in the market.

Very important for us to own the design, very important for us to bring
technology, because we’re not experts. We don’t build HSMs, so we need to be
realistic as to what we’re good at, but also bring the right technology to fit
into that tech design. The reason why we invested in METACO – again in full
disclosure, but that was public information, I think a year ago or something
like that – it was the fact that the METACO technology was very good for us,
very useful in what we were trying to build.

The other piece is we don’t really know where the market is going to go. We
don’t really know where the regulation is going to go. It’s very difficult to
buy something which is off-the-shelf and rely on somebody else to make the
changes you would need to do as a custodian, to either satisfy your clients,
your roadmap, or your regulators. If you get an off-the-shelf solution, you’re
stuck. If you build it on a modular platform and own the design and the
stitching and the stack, it’s a lot easier to replace components.

I usually take the example of a car, which I think is really what it is. You
get an engine and you get a chassis, but then if you’d like to change the side
mirror, you change the side mirror, and you can buy fancy leather seats from
somebody who does fancy leather seats. But the design of the car, you do the
design of the car. This has been really our approach. I would really question
people who go on white label solutions right off the shelf, or the other way
around – the ability for a single company to build it from scratch and to add.

**Seamus:  **[00:20:24] I think we’ve seen a similar evolution. If we were
pitching our product back in 2018, we would have said we have an end-to-end
product. But the reality is, as you said, the market dynamics are iterating
and evolve so quickly that I don’t think anybody in the market does.

We talk often about orchestration and flexibility. You’ve mentioned it
already, but not to belabor the point because I think it is critical for
people to understand that, how important is this flexibility and optionality
on the future to you?

**Max:  **Maybe the best way of looking at it is to choose an example, which
is very close to our heart and that we’ve been very vocal about implementing;
_the travel rule_. _Travel rule_  was a recommendation by the FATF in August
2019. What the _travel  _rule says is, when you have custodial wallets you
need to exchange beneficiary and remitters information between those two
custodial wallets. The fact that we own the tech stack means that we have the
agility to implement that relatively quickly, and we’re already live on travel
rule. We see that a lot of our counterparts, with whom we try to connect with,
are saying: we’re not rely on a provider who doesn’t have that feature, so I
cannot connect with you.

The reality is _travel rule_  is now a law in a couple of countries. It’s law
in the US, Switzerland, Hong Kong, Singapore. Unless you have that agility
where you have the core components, but you can plug in other features, just
because you don’t know what the roadmap is going to be (it could be futures,
it could be regulatory changes), I think that helped us a lot in being very
quick in responding to that requirement of implementing a travel rule solution
and doing it at a relatively short implementation, limited cost and resources,
and being live in the market as probably one of the earlier custodian to have
done that. Very important to keep that agility. You have no idea what is
coming your way. I don’t think anyone should be stuck in a box for that; not
for crypto.

**Seamus:  **[00:22:50] Those are great examples. We had pushed this as a key
USP; being flexible, have the agility to orchestrate whether it’s, as you say,
the travel rule or different key backends or the new services you may build,
staking, prime brokerage, et cetera. You need end-to-end security and
flexibility around plugging these.

We’re getting close to the end. Maybe speaking about let’s say other services,
we hear a lot, because we’ve talked to both crypto native and traditional
firms and it’d be great to hear coming from the traditional space, about DeFi.
How much interest is DeFi on your side?

**Max:  **Very little. We don’t see that from our clients. Again, maybe it’s a
fact of who our clients are. Very little interest. Where we are seeing
interest right now, I’d say there’s probably three large areas. One is access
to liquidity and creating that ecosystem – connecting the custodian to other
services. We’ve participated with TPI Cap to try to create these kinds of
ecosystem and pool of liquidity. There was a press announcement made yesterday
on their spot trading venue.

That is going to be very important. You build the custody, but now clients
expect a network. They expect the ancillary services: global reporting,
connectivity, lending, prime services, margin trading. To be fair, a lot of
what we see is trying to get crypto assets much closer to traditional finance
than trying to bring traditional finance into the crypto world – which is
fascinating. Maybe I’ll have threat letters from crypto purist if I keep on
saying these things, but that’s definitely for institutional clients what
we’re witnessing.

The third one, which is emerging but I think is important, is the ESG agenda.
I wouldn’t say it’s necessarily on the back of Elon Musk’s various tweets, but
generally speaking it’s something that the industry is taking relatively
seriously. Because it’s new, it has the flexibility to engineer it more on the
east side than the SG, by the way. But in a green fashion and forcing some
green standard maybe more easily than for others.

For us, it’s way more C5 than DeFi at the moment; and green DeFi if we can.

**Seamus:  **[00:25:19] Hopefully a lot of the developments we’ve seen moving
mining out of are trying to help address some of that ESG element.

Before we go, I’d like to touch on one last thing. You touched on your
institutional clients. I’d like to know, what type of clients are you
targeting? Given your comments around enabling this space, what do you view as
your USP’s versus let’s say digital native firms in this space?

**Max:  **In terms of clients, we position ourselves as being a qualified
custodian. We’re not an infrastructure player, we are a qualified custodian.
Anyone who needs to save Gulf Claude’s assets would have a need for a
qualified custodian. Banks, asset managers, issuers, firms, are typically
private banks, typically the financial institution or organization we speak
to.

We’re also working relatively closely with global custodians. I mentioned the
emerging markets; we are custodian for emerging markets, so how do we enable
access to that emerging market through global custody?

In terms of how we’re somewhat different, you would have seen from my
background, we’re not crypto native. We really came with custody, and we
applied custody to crypto assets; as opposed to a crypto native firm that
would have gone through the technology and then to custody, or trying to
understand what custody is. Hopefully being a subsidiary of regulatory FIs, we
bring trust, which was fundamentally lacking in the crypto world. By trust,
it’s anything from governance to your legal agreements to your risk management
platform. The example in South Africa where two brothers just left with 2.5
million, it’s still happening.

I think the third one, which is going to be more and more real, is the fact
that we work with traditional finance, not against them. We are really trying
to promote the integration of crypto assets and traditional finance, because
that’s the only way it’s going to work. There may be a portion of the
ecosystem that will go completely unregulated and wants to compete and do
something fundamentally different, but again, back around our history and what
our clients are asking us to do, is to make sure these two worlds are
connected as opposed to completely opposed to one another. That’s, I guess, an
approach we haven’t seen that much in the crypto space.

**Seamus:  **Super interesting, Max. I think that’ll resonate with the
audience here at Network Forum particularly. Thanks for joining. Worthwhile
asking, how could people get in touch with you if they want to learn more?

**Max:  **Well, more than happy to connect via LinkedIn. There is a contact
form on our website, [www.zodia.io](http://www.zodia.io/). Otherwise, I’m here
as well to take any questions if people have any. We’ve very keen to entertain
any conversation.

**Seamus:  **Thanks, Max. It’s been a pleasure, I’ve learned a lot. We’ll see
you soon. Thanks everybody for joining METACO Talks today. I think we’ll be
back on our regular format in two weeks’ time, I hope to see you then. Thank
you.

**Max:  **Thanks for having me. See you!

**Seamus:  **Thanks.

  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/spotify.png?x88149)](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/apple-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.apple.com/us/podcast/metaco-talks-crypto-podcast-on-building-the-future/id1542371076?uo=4)
  * [![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/01/google-podcasts.png?x88149)](https://podcasts.google.com/feed/aHR0cHM6Ly9hbmNob3IuZm0vcy80MWY2MzA3NC9wb2RjYXN0L3Jzcw==)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/01/mt-speaker_ep-44-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

February 6, 2024

[David Riegelnig (Rulematch)Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions](https://www.metaco.com/talks/rulematch-institutional-
digital-asset-trading/ "Digital Asset Trading Tailored to the Needs of
Financial Institutions")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/mt-speaker_ep-43-square_dark-blue-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

January 11, 2024

[Rajeev Tummala (HSBC Securities Services)The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities](https://www.metaco.com/talks/institutional-value-chain-
tokenized-securities-rajeev-tummala-hsbc/ "The institutional value-chain of
tokenized securities")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/mt-speaker_ep-42_light-blue-square-640x640.png?x88149)

[Talks](https://www.metaco.com/category/talks/)

November 14, 2023

[Angela Itzikowitz (ENS Africa) and Ashveen Gopee (PWC Mauritius)The Digital
Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa](https://www.metaco.com/talks/da-ecosystem-mauritius-south-africa-
aitzikowitz-agoppee/ "The Digital Asset Ecosystem in Mauritius and South
Africa")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

Metaco | The digital asset core system

869 subscribers

[Combining traditional custody expertise with fintech agility w/ Max de
Guillebon [METACO TALKS #17]](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zennBjmgdM4)

[]()

Metaco | The digital asset core system

Search

Watch later

Share

Copy link

Info

Shopping

Tap to unmute

If playback doesn't begin shortly, try restarting your device.

More videos

## More videos

Share

Include playlist

An error occurred while retrieving sharing information. Please try again
later.

[Watch
on](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zennBjmgdM4&embeds_referring_euri=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2F&feature=emb_imp_woyt)

0:00

0:00 / 30:38•Live

•

[](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zennBjmgdM4 "Watch on YouTube")

# An error occurred.

[Try watching this video on
www.youtube.com](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zennBjmgdM4), or enable
JavaScript if it is disabled in your browser.

