  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [A Beginner's guide to
GALA](/blog/beginners-guide-to-gala)

##### Cryptocurrency

# A Beginner's guide to GALA

Published on: Apr 24, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is GALA?**
  * **Understanding the Gala Games Ecosystem**
  * **How is GALA Used?**
  * **GALA Tokenomics**
  * **How to Deposit GALA to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Explore our beginner’s guide to GALA, an ERC-20 utility token used in the Gala
Games ecosystem.

![A Beginner's guide to GALA](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGALA_beginners_guide_d28c806fb4.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Crypto gaming](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-gaming) is revolutionizing
the industry, letting players turn their playtime into real-world value. At
the forefront of this movement sits GALA, the token that powers the innovative
Gala Games ecosystem. This beginner's guide will unveil everything you need to
know about [GALA](https://trustwallet.com/gala-wallet), from its role in the
platform to its exciting potential within the ever-evolving world of play-to-
earn gaming.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is GALA?

[Gala](https://trustwallet.com/gala-wallet) (GALA) is an Ethereum-based
cryptocurrency that powers the Gala Games ecosystem. Designed to fuel
transactions and interactions within the ecosystem, GALA serves as the primary
medium of exchange, facilitating in-game purchases, rewards, and community
engagement. With GALA, players unlock a myriad of opportunities, from
acquiring digital assets to participating in platform governance.

The origin story of GALA started in 2019 with crypto veterans Eric Schiermeyer
(co-founder of Zynga) and Michael McCarthy. Tired of the traditional model
where players lose their in-game assets, they envisioned a revolution. They
built Gala Games on the [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet)
blockchain, creating a crypto gaming platform where players not only play, but
own and control their digital assets.

To fuel this innovative ecosystem, they introduced GALA, an ERC-20 utility
token. Think of GALA as the lifeblood of Gala Games, allowing players to
interact and participate within the platform.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore [GALA](https://trustwallet.com/gala-wallet) in more detail,
it’s important to remember that you can manage GALA using Trust Wallet.

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the [Trust
Wallet Extension](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-Extension) for your desktop
browser.

![GALA-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGALA_beginners_guide_2_42789636b9.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Understanding the Gala Games Ecosystem

[Gala Games](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-guide-to-different-cryptocurrency-
categories-with-trust-wallet) founders set out to revolutionize the gaming
industry by prioritizing players. They achieve this by granting true ownership
of in-game assets and fostering an economy controlled by the players
themselves. It's a stark contrast to traditional games where your hard-earned
items and achievements vanish when you leave the game.

Gala Games is a dynamic ecosystem that redefines the relationship between
players, developers, and creators. At its core lies a commitment to
decentralization, ownership, and community-driven innovation. Let's delve
deeper into the key components of the Gala Games ecosystem:

### Blockchain-Based Games

Gala Games hosts a diverse range of blockchain-based games, each offering
unique gameplay experiences and opportunities for players to immerse
themselves in captivating virtual worlds. These games leverage [blockchain
technology](https://trustwallet.com/blog/what-is-blockchain-a-beginners-guide)
to ensure transparency, security, and true ownership of in-game assets,
empowering players to monetize their gaming experiences and shape the
evolution of their favorite titles.

### NFT Integration

[Non-Fungible Tokens](https://trustwallet.com/nft) (NFTs) play a pivotal role
within the Gala Games ecosystem, serving as the digital keys to unlock
exclusive content, collectibles, and rewards. From rare in-game items to
limited edition artwork, NFTs enable players to establish ownership over
digital assets, participate in decentralized marketplaces, and engage in
vibrant trading communities. By integrating
[NFTs](https://trustwallet.com/nft) into its games, Gala Games pioneers a new
frontier of digital ownership, where every item holds inherent value and
significance.

### Community Engagement

At Gala Games, community is paramount. Through forums, social media channels,
and in-game interactions, players have a direct voice in shaping the direction
of the platform. Gala Games fosters a culture of inclusivity, collaboration,
and creativity, inviting players to contribute ideas, provide feedback, and
participate in governance decisions. By empowering the community, Gala Games
cultivates a sense of ownership and belonging, ensuring that every player
feels valued and heard.

By embracing decentralization, ownership, and community-driven principles,
Gala Games paves the way for a more inclusive, transparent, and rewarding
gaming experience for players worldwide.

![GALA-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGALA_beginners_guide_1_b8feb6d96a.png&w=3840&q=75)

## How is GALA Used?

As the native token of Gala Games, [GALA](https://trustwallet.com/gala-wallet)
serves as a versatile and essential asset within the ecosystem.

### In-Game Purchases

GALA enables players to purchase a wide range of in-game items, assets, and
virtual goods within Gala Games' blockchain-based games. From rare
collectibles to powerful weapons and cosmetic upgrades, GALA serves as the
primary medium of exchange, allowing players to customize their gaming
experiences and enhance their gameplay through strategic acquisitions.

### Participation in Events and Challenges

Gala Games regularly hosts events, challenges, and competitions where players
can earn GALA as rewards for achieving milestones, completing objectives, or
showcasing their skills. These events not only incentivize player engagement
but also foster a sense of camaraderie and competition within the community,
driving excitement and enthusiasm for Gala Games' offerings.

### Governance and Decision-Making

GALA holders play a vital role in governing the Gala Games ecosystem through
decentralized governance mechanisms. By staking [GALA
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/gala-wallet), holders gain voting power to
participate in governance proposals, platform upgrades, and strategic
decisions affecting the future direction of Gala Games. This democratic
approach ensures that the community has a voice in shaping the platform's
evolution and fosters transparency and accountability in decision-making
processes.

### Staking and Yield Farming

GALA holders have the opportunity to stake their tokens in various liquidity
pools or yield farming protocols within the Gala Games ecosystem. By [staking
GALA](https://trustwallet.com/staking), holders can earn rewards in the form
of additional GALA tokens or other digital assets, providing passive income
opportunities and incentivizing long-term participation and investment in the
ecosystem.

## GALA Tokenomics

  * **Total Supply:** There's a finite supply of 50 billion GALA tokens.

  * **Distribution:** Initially, there was no pre-mint or allocation for GALA. Instead, 100% was distributed to Founder's Nodes, which are essentially servers that power the Gala Games network. However, in May 2023, a significant portion (approximately 20.9 billion) of GALA tokens were burned, demonstrating a commitment to long-term sustainability.

  * **Emission Schedule:** There's a halving schedule in place. Originally, a set amount of GALA was distributed daily to Founder's Nodes and the Gala Games Conservatorship. However, this amount is halved every year, aiming to control the flow of new GALA tokens into the ecosystem.

  * **Burning Mechanism:** Interestingly, some of the GALA used for transactions within the Gala Games ecosystem are burned. This helps to reduce the overall circulating supply of GALA, potentially impacting its value over time.

## How to Deposit GALA to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit GALA from another [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) address or from a
centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “GALA” and select it.

![GALA-beginners-guide-3.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FGALA_beginners_guide_3_c931206cef.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to GALA, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

