You need to enable JavaScript to run this app.

![x](/static/media/logo.12e5f65a6f7e1c12e1dbc4e5adebe63a.svg)

[Pools](/#pools)[Staking
Options](/#staking)[Roadmap](/#roadmap)[Community](/#community)[Partners](/#partner)

![x](/static/media/solLogo.30aaa7ef0c7bfe8a5f1914686997f906.svg)

SOL

[Loading](https://beta.dual.finance/)

![x](/static/media/mSolLogo.4465870f2319c05ee86095adbd8b541f.svg)

mSOL

![x](/static/media/jitosol.eaff32d020d04df79fe9d9cdbc4ec09c.svg)

jitoSOL

![x](/static/media/btcLogo.4e21365731fd226b88fac39ef8af2a91.svg)

BTC

![x](/static/media/ethLogo.3ef388bcbc4215ace7232c850557b901.svg)

ETH

![x](/static/media/bonk.350e006f908b78d479e350e00f020485.svg)

BONK

![x](/static/media/mngo.b6cfaab918e30bab652456237040299b.svg)

MNGO

![x](/static/media/dual.49a5f16008bac46a17a7a46a025beb5b.svg)

DUAL

[Pools](/#pools)[Staking
Options](/#staking)[Roadmap](/#roadmap)[Community](/#community)[Partners](/#partner)

[![instagram](/static/media/discordLogo.b0f403fbeb3fbe3e02d7536a4b236d93.svg)](https://discord.gg/P3uH9AvEp5)[![instagram](/static/media/instLogo.fb8429ccb2510c4210397af7963cc40e.svg)](https://www.instagram.com/dual.finance/?hl=en)[![medium](/static/media/mediumLogo.e2e0f2acd9a15945cb2e6d81d1989081.svg)](https://medium.com/@dualfinance)[![twitter](/static/media/twitterLogo.3ced41adcd5182162a1632b3ff5e3b70.svg)](https://twitter.com/DualFinance)

[Launch app](https://beta.dual.finance/)

# Dual Finance

Incentive Liquidity Infrastructure for Web3 Communities

Launch App

Read documentation

![arrow](/static/media/button-arrow.8181b076ffb6cba32008343043c02f24.svg)

Built on:

![solana](/static/media/solana-logo.f764344e8b03918e38b5a3b41c371500.svg)

DeFi Champions:

![solana](/static/media/solana-summer-camp-hackathon-
image.6101e91f89f7db2b5e33.png)

![](/images/hero/hero-image-desktop.png)

## Dual Investment Pools

Our flagship product DIPs advance and improve the crypto market standard
implementation of Decentralized Option Vaults (DOVs).

### Streaming Prices

Live streaming prices allow for better risk management and market timing while
putting assets to work for longer.

![](/images/dual_investment/dual-inv-1.png)

### Customizable Yield

Empower users with freedom to spread out risk and diversify yield farming
across multiple strikes, maturities and products.

![](/images/dual_investment/dual-inv-2.png)

### Transparent Premiums

Compare yield across products, maturities and strikes via a normalized % APY,
but deposit based on fixed stablecoin premiums.

![](/images/dual_investment/dual-inv-3.png)

### Straightforward Settlement

Receive stablecoin premium immediately upon deposit to further earn yield
during the life of the option. Physical settlement smooths risk profiles and
allows for flexible expiry timing.

![](/images/dual_investment/dual-inv-4.png)

## Staking Options

Breakthrough token incentive mechanism that aligns incentives of participants
by granting those who lockup liquid tokens or use a protocols features, the
right, but not the obligation to purchase tokens for a future price. No more
free tokens, free options on token.

### Lockup Rewards

Lock up liquid tokens for fixed periods to earn additional free upside
exposure to any protocol including Dual Finance.

![](/images/staking-options/staking-options-1.png)

### Participation Incentives

Participate in partner protocol ecosystems and use the products to earn free
optionality. Earn DUAL SOs through DIP participation that naturally hedge
correlated risk.

![](/images/staking-options/staking-options-2.png)

### Sustainable Liquidity

Generate self-reinforcing liquidity designed to grow without external input in
perpetuity. Supplement token liquidity directily from the protocol Risk
Manager.

![](/images/staking-options/staking-options-3.png)

### Token Distribution

Innovative and non-dilutive Staking Options offer partner projects an
alternative token distribution strategy. Harness the power of well aligned
incentives to sustainably fund and advance token communities goals.

![](/images/staking-options/staking-options-4.png)

## Roadmap

Dual Finance believes Decentralized Finance provides the perfect experimental
platform for new option-based incentives to proliferate and intends to be a
driving force in their design, implementation and distribution. Throughout
this engineering process, the Dual DAO will exemplify through the fair
distribution of DUAL, the power of options-based incentive plans.

01

##### Staking Option Studio - Complete!

Partner with Dual Finance and engineer token incentive structures leveraging
an easy-to-use UI or SDKs. DUAL holders gain diversified upside exposure to a
subset of responsibly designed protocols.

02

##### Dual DAO & Constitution

Initialize parameters via a Constitution that are in the best interest of the
treasury over the long term. Dual DAO's mandate will be to ensure the protocol
is able to operate in perpetuity absent of early contributors. Create a DAO
and treasury that is secure and self-sustaining.

03

##### Staking Options Fair Launch

DUAL tokens will be distributed purely through options based means.
Participate in DIPs to access DUAL SOs at launch and become a founding member
of the Dual DAO!

04

##### Rehypothecated Lending Pool (RLPs)

Provides users additional yield on deposited collateral by lending to approved
liquidity providers to achieve a more capitally efficient market.

05

##### Staking Option Marketplace

Earn Staking Options from one of our partner projects and bootstrap your
token's options market! Facilitate Staking Option price discovery for Users
and sell your rewards easily for cash.

![x](/static/media/scoopUpImage.97e6cfb91688d8fd1c8de9a1a3a8bc52.svg)

Scoop up DIPs of Sustainable Yield Today!

Launch app

Read documentation

![arrow](/static/media/button-arrow.8181b076ffb6cba32008343043c02f24.svg)

## Become part of our  
Community

[Discord![](/images/community/discord-
image.png)](https://discord.gg/P3uH9AvEp5)

[Instagram![](/images/community/instagram-
image.png)](https://www.instagram.com/dual.finance/?hl=en)

[Medium![](/images/community/medium-
image.png)](https://medium.com/@dualfinance)

[Twitter![](/images/community/twitter-
image.png)](https://twitter.com/DualFinance)

[Realms![](/images/community/realms-
image.png)](https://app.realms.today/realm/dual%20dao/hub)

[Github![](/images/community/github-image.png)](https://github.com/Dual-
Finance)

## Partner with Us

[OpenBook![](/images/community/openbook-
image.png)](https://forms.gle/kQuQ8edzDxBQTExEA)

[Bonk![](/images/community/bonk-
image.png)](https://forms.gle/kQuQ8edzDxBQTExEA)

[GSR![](/images/community/gsr-image.png)](https://forms.gle/kQuQ8edzDxBQTExEA)

[Mango![](/images/community/mango-
image.png)](https://forms.gle/kQuQ8edzDxBQTExEA)

![x](/static/media/logo.12e5f65a6f7e1c12e1dbc4e5adebe63a.svg)

[Pools](/#pools)[Staking Options](/#staking)

[Roadmap](/#roadmap)[Community](/#community)

Launch app

Â© 2023 Dual Labs. All rights reserved.

