[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * What Is Rocket Pool?

# What Is Rocket Pool?

By **Gaurav Roy**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Mar 21, 2024 | **Updated Mar 21, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-
is-rocket-pool
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Rocket%20Pool%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-
is-rocket-pool "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-is-
rocket-pool
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-
is-rocket-pool&title=What%20Is%20Rocket%20Pool%3F "Reddit")

![Floating boxes in an open space](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Dark-1024x432.jpg) KEY
TAKEAWAYS:  
---  
— As a Proof-of-Stake blockchain, Ethereum grants rewards to users in return
for staking their ETH and operating blockchain nodes to help secure the
network.  
  
— However, natively staking Ether has high technical and financial barriers to
entry, making it inaccessible to the average crypto user.  
  
— Enter Rocket Pool, a fully decentralized protocol that allows users to enjoy
the benefits of Ethereum staking without the need for large amounts of capital
or substantial technical investment, while also offering users higher
flexibility thanks to its liquid staking mechanism.  
  
As is pretty clear from the name, staking is the central part of any Proof-of-
Stake (PoS) blockchain. This process not only helps keep PoS networks secure
but also incentivizes people to help keep it running.

Let’s use the biggest PoS blockchain, Ethereum, as an example. As a peer-to-
peer network, Ethereum relies on some of its participants to act as network
validators. These validators operate blockchain nodes and verify new blocks so
they can be added to the blockchain.

However, to prevent bad actors from acting as validators, Ethereum requires
its validators to lock up some Ethereum to serve as validators. They must have
a financial _stake_ in the network, to prove their trustworthiness. In return
for doing this and operating a node, validators receive staking rewards.

But let’s face it: [staking ETH](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-
staking-how-to-stake-eth) on your own is a complex process and is not for
everyone. It requires technical know-how, a dedicated computer connected to
the internet ~24/7, and –  not least of all – a hefty 32 ETH, making it a no-
go for many.

This is where Rocket Pool comes into the picture. Rocket Pool acts as an
alternative by allowing users to participate in Ethereum staking without the
technical and cost barriers of doing it independently.

So, what is Rocket Pool? How can you take advantage of Rocket Pool while being
mindful of the risks? Let’s dive into all this and more!

## What Is Rocket Pool?

Rocket Pool is one of the leading [liquid
staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-liquid-staking)
platforms for Ethereum. Basically, Rocket Pool allows its users to stake ETH
without losing their liquidity.

Liquid staking platforms accomplish this through the use of Liquid Staking
Tokens (LSTs), also called Liquid Staking Derivatives. These tokens are pegged
to the value of the initial asset that users stake and, crucially, can be used
on DeFi platforms and other decentralized apps, just like any other token. To
that end, Rocket Pool gives its users the liquid staking token, rETH.

Today, Rocket Pool is one of the largest ETH staking pools in the ecosystem.
In fact, since its launch in October 2021, users have staked over 1M ETH on
the platform.

## What Is Rocket Pool For?

Rocket Pool is an open-source, decentralized, and trustless platform, aligning
it closely with the ethos of Ethereum. The platform has become a very popular
ETH staking solution since its launch for several reasons.

### **Staking With Less Than 32ETH**

For one thing, Ethereum’s native staking requires users to stake at least 32
ETH. In contrast, Rocket Pool’s barrier to entry is much lower as the platform
allows you to stake any amount, starting as low as 0.01ETH.

### **Staking Without Running Hardware**

Similarly, Ethereum’s native staking requires you to run your own node – a
resource-intensive, technically challenging, and time-consuming process.
Rocket Pool, on the other hand, allows you to start staking ETH simply by
buying the [ERC-20 token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/what-are-
erc-20-tokens), rETH. While the value of rETH is pegged to ETH, its value goes
up over time as holders earn staking rewards.

### **Removing the Need to Lock up Liquidity**

Furthermore, Rocket Pool provides users liquidity by enabling them to use
their locked funds. The platform’s liquid staking mechanism gives you rETH in
exchange for your staked ETH. You can then utilize rETH just like any other
ERC-20 token in the vast DeFi ecosystem.

Those who want to earn more rewards can do so by becoming a Rocket Pool node
operator, which has a minimum requirement of 8 ETH. There are currently more
than three thousand node operators in Rocket Pool’s network.

## How Does Rocket Pool Work?

The Rocket Pool protocol consists of three main elements: smart contracts, the
Smart Node Network, and Minipool Validators. Let’s take a look at the role
that each of these elements plays in the system.

### **Smart Contracts**

The first main element of Rocket Pool is its [smart
contracts](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-a-smart-
contract), and they fulfill two roles within the protocol. Firstly, they
accept ETH deposits from users and assign them to node operators. Secondly,
the smart contracts are responsible for issuing and tracking the various
tokens within the protocol.

### **Smart Node Network**

This is a decentralized network of Ethereum nodes that run Rocket Pool’s Smart
Node software. These nodes are specialized to run custom processes, allowing
them to communicate with Rocket Pool’s smart contracts and provide network
consensus.

Anyone can run these Smart Nodes and stake their ETH without incurring a fee,
provided they fulfill the minimum 8 ETH requirement. In return for providing
Rocket Pool with a node, you get to earn extra rewards on top of what you earn
from staking your ETH. These rewards come in the form of the Rocket Pool
token.

### **Minipool Validators  **

These are special smart contracts that fulfill a key role in the Rocket Pool
Network. Here’s how they work:

A node operator first deposits 8 ETH (or 16 ETH) on their node. When this
happens, the Minipool Validator then receives 24 ETH (or 16 ETH) in deposits
from users who are staking on Rocket Pool but not running a node of their own.

As the smart contract accumulates a total of 32 ETH – the ETH from the
operator plus the ETH from the other users – it creates a new validator on
that node, which then performs the consensus duties to earn staking rewards on
that 32 ETH.

## The Rocket Pool Ecosystem: Explained

### **What Is RPL Token?**

The Rocket Pool Token, or RPL, is the [governance
token](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-governance-token-and-why-does-
it-matter) of the protocol, providing a way for the community to have a say in
the protocol’s future and the way it functions.

RPL is also what node operators must use as collateral to insure their node.
To explain, when node operators create a Minipool Validator, they are required
to stake at least 10% of their ETH’s value in RPL as insurance. If a node’s
poor performance or misbehavior [causes the network to lose any
ETH](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-slashing), it
can be recouped by selling off that node’s RPL collateral.

The protocol also distributes RPL as a reward to node operators for operating
on the network. In fact, operators are incentivized to stake as much RPL as
possible (up to 150% of the value of their stake) to increase their rewards.

RPL has a current inflation rate of 5% per year. This means, for example, that
in a year where the total supply of RPL was 20M, the protocol would mint 1M
new RPL.

### **What Is rETH?**

Besides RPL, the Rocket Pool network utilizes another type of token: rETH. It
is a liquid staking token that users receive in return for the ETH that they
stake. To explain, after depositing ETH into the protocol, you immediately
receive rETH. Then, as validators accumulate rewards, you receive rewards
proportional to your stake.

As previously mentioned, rETH can be used like any other blockchain token on
decentralized apps. For example, you can use it as collateral for a loan on
decentralized lending platforms, or to provide liquidity to a DEX.

### **Oracle DAO**

Oracle DAO is a special group of Rocket Pool node operators that perform
important administrative duties that smart contracts can not.

These responsibilities include managing the creation of unique validator
public keys for minipools and transferring data from Ethereum’s [Beacon
Chain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ethereum-beacon-chain-explained) to its
execution layer. The Oracle DAO also proposes, votes on, and implements
changes to Rocket Pool. In return, the protocol compensates Oracle DAO members
by allocating them a 15% share of the total RPL inflation produced in each
reward period.

## Risks of Rocket Pool

As a leading decentralized ETH staking protocol, Rocket Pool is integral to
the Ethereum staking scene, but it is not without its risks.

### **Smart Contract Risks**

The most obvious risks are those that accompany any protocol using smart
contracts. This means that Rocket Pool is potentially vulnerable to bugs that
could lead to breaches or exploitation. While the protocol has open-source
code and has gone through audits, this is by no means foolproof. That said,
Rocket Pool also has a bug bounty program to reduce such risks.

### **Risk of 51% Attacks Due to Lower Staking Costs**

Last year, Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin raised concerns over Rocket
Pool’s underlying mechanisms. In [a blog
post](https://vitalik.eth.limo/general/2023/09/30/enshrinement.html), he noted
the protocol’s approach, which allows users to run a node for a quarter of
Ethereum’s native staking cost, could enable malicious actors to “51% attack
the network, and force users to pay most of the costs.”

To clarify, [a 51% attack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/51-attack)
is when a malicious individual or entity attempts to gain control over a
blockchain network and exploit it for their benefit. This is actually part of
the reason Ethereum’s native staking has the 32 ETH minimum requirement: it
makes it incredibly expensive for would-be attackers to gain control of more
than 50% of the network’s nodes.

### **Other Risks to Consider**

Other risks could come in the form of market volatility and demand affecting
rETH’s value, issues with Ethereum affecting Rocket Pool’s performance, and
regulatory and taxation ambiguity around crypto, specifically staking rewards.

Then there’s governance risk. While the risk of this is relatively low, if the
OracleDAO somehow became compromised, it could negatively impact the protocol
or even implement malicious changes.

## How To Stake ETH on Rocket Pool in Ledger Live

Now that you know the advantages offered by and risks associated with Rocket
Pool, here’s how you can use Ledger Live to stake ETH on the platform:

1\. Install Rocket Pool on your Ledger device. Navigate to ‘My Ledger’, select
the App catalog, search for Rocket Pool, and click Install.

2\. Now go to the Rocket Pool dashboard, and select the Ethereum account that
holds the ETH you want to stake.

3\. Once connected, input the amount of ETH that you want to use and click on
“Stake”.

4\. Sign the transaction on your Ledger device.

5\. Once done, you’ll receive rETH tokens. The amount will be different from
the ETH staked because the value of rETH depends on a dynamic exchange rate.

_You can find full instructions for staking ETH on Rocket Pool, including how
to unstake, on_[ _Ledger’s support page_](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-
us/articles/16803648407581-Staking-with-Rocket-Pool-in-Ledger-Live?docs=true)
_._

## Final Thoughts on Rocket Pool

Rocket Pool’s user-friendly approach to liquid staking, easy-to-use platform,
and dynamic rewards have all made it a very popular choice for users looking
to stake ETH without the hassle of doing it independently.

Of course, you can access all types of staking – from native, to staking as a
service, to liquid or pooled staking – all from the [Earn section in Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/staking).

The seamless online interface of Ledger Live, conveniently paired with the
enhanced security of your Ledger device, allows you to track your rewards,
discover staking opportunities, and effortlessly maximize your crypto holdings
without having to navigate multiple platforms  
So what are you waiting for? Explore [Ledger
Live](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live) today to unlock your financial
potential, and take advantage of the many benefits of crypto staking.

**Gaurav Roy**  

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/IMG-20220907-WA0002-104x104.jpg)

Gaurav began writing professionally in 2017. Since then, he has assisted over
100 companies in a variety of domains, including e-commerce, blockchain,
cybersecurity, online marketing, and a lot more. He is also keen on learning a
new skill every year. In his free time, he likes playing games on his Xbox and
scrolling through Quora.

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-
is-rocket-pool
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20Rocket%20Pool%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-
is-rocket-pool "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-is-
rocket-pool
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fdefi%2Fwhat-
is-rocket-pool&title=What%20Is%20Rocket%20Pool%3F "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

[ERC-404 Tokens: What Are They, and How Do They
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/nfts/erc-404-tokens-what-are-they-
and-how-do-they-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-upgrades)

[What Is the Ethereum Roadmap: Upgrades in 2024 and
Beyond](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-the-ethereum-roadmap-next-
upgrades)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-send-ether-to-another-wallet)

[How To Send Ether to Another Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-to-
send-ether-to-another-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

[What Is dYdX Exchange?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-dydx-exchange)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

