[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ staking ](/staking)

###  Stake one of 70+ cryptocurrencies in under a minute and accrue tokens
before the world goes Web3

###  Stake one of 70+ cryptocurrencies

Everstake lets you effortlessly stake on 70+ most promising blockchains.
Forget about the risks of centralized staking—work with a responsible provider
and get steady rewards for ensuring the operation of the backbone of
tomorrow’s economy.

%, APY

A-Z

reset

BLOCK VIEW

LIST VIEW

eth

Ethereum

~4-10%

sol

Solana

6.7%

APT

Aptos

7%

matic

Polygon

5.24%

atom

Cosmos

14.32%

sui

Sui

3.08%

wormhole

Wormhole

\--

xtz

Tezos

6.2%

icx

ICON

6.5%

ada

Cardano

3%

near

Near

9%

ksm

Kusama

2.2%

link

Chainlink

\--

egld

MultiversX

7.9%

eos

EOS

1.5%

cspr

Casper

12.05%

mina

Mina

16.5%

gas

NEO

9%

axl

Axelar

9.6%

LDO

Lido

\--

celr

Celer

5%

tia

Celestia

10.82%

somm

Sommelier

13.17%

klay

Klaytn

6.24%

ssv

ssv.network

\--

neon

Neon

\--

pyth

Pyth

\--

STRD

Stride

3.18%

zil

Zilliqa

12.58%

xpla

XPLA

16.24%

SEI

Sei

4.4%

osmo

Osmosis

10.07%

TENET

Tenet

\--

hyperlane

Hyperlane

\--

ntrn

Neutron

\--

inj

Injective

13.98%

core

Core DAO

22.08%

eth

EigenLayer

\--

kava

Kava

7.26%

aleo

Aleo

\--

dydx

dYdX

17.98%

btc

Babylon

\--

ethx

Stader

3.38%

obol

Obol

coming soon

bcs

BSC

coming soon

lit protocol

Lit Protocol

coming soon

infura

Infura

coming soon

cube

Cube

coming soon

milk

MilkyWay

coming soon

49

BLOCKCHAINS

[SEE ALL ](/staking)

##  Why people stake their crypto with Everstake

01

####  To accrue more value by entering what will become the backbone of
tomorrow’s economy

03

####  To hedge themselves and their portfolio against market fluctuations and
recession

02

####  To abandon financial discomfort and keep earning even in the bear market

##  Why people stake their crypto with Everstake

01

####  To accrue more value by entering what will become the backbone of
tomorrow’s economy

02

####  To abandon financial discomfort and keep earning even in the bear market

03

####  To hedge themselves and their portfolio against market fluctuations and
recession

## Trust engineers with a proven

## track record and long-term vision

Everstake was founded in 2018 by [ Sergey Vasylchuk
](https://twitter.com/sergattic), an engineer with 15 years of experience
involved in the blockchain industry since 2014. Out of 125+ people currently
onboard, 75% are devs and engineers.

[about us ](/about)

128

people currently onboard

[Sergey Vasylchuk CEO 1,980 followers ![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)](https://twitter.com/sergattic)[Bohdan
Opryshko COO 1,355 followers ![photo of Bohdan Opryshko, COO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/bohdan_opryshko.b6d22d7.webp)](https://twitter.com/bo_opryshko)[Alina
Tielnova Head of Staking 6,358 followers ![photo of Alina Tielnova, Head of
Staking in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/alina_tielnova.14b5731.webp)](https://twitter.com/ATielnova)[Anna
Petrenko R&D Lead 1,110 followers ![photo of Anna Petrenko, R&D Lead in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/anna_petrenko.f168aad.webp)](https://twitter.com/anna_petrenkoo)[Ryan
Lukas Head of Business Development book a call followers ![photo of Ryan
Lukas, Head of Business Development in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/ryan_lukas.6ebec41.webp)](https://calendly.com/everstake-
meeting/30min)

[Sergey Vasylchuk CEO  1,980 followers ![photo of Sergey Vasylchuk, CEO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/sergey_vasylchuk.6552303.webp)](https://twitter.com/sergattic)[Bohdan
Opryshko COO  1,355 followers ![photo of Bohdan Opryshko, COO in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/bohdan_opryshko.b6d22d7.webp)](https://twitter.com/bo_opryshko)[Alina
Tielnova Head of Staking  6,358 followers ![photo of Alina Tielnova, Head of
Staking in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/alina_tielnova.14b5731.webp)](https://twitter.com/ATielnova)[Anna
Petrenko R&D Lead  1,110 followers ![photo of Anna Petrenko, R&D Lead in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/anna_petrenko.f168aad.webp)](https://twitter.com/anna_petrenkoo)[Ryan
Lukas Head of Business Development  book a call followers ![photo of Ryan
Lukas, Head of Business Development in
Everstake](/_nuxt/img/ryan_lukas.6ebec41.webp)](https://calendly.com/everstake-
meeting/30min)

## Want to start partnership?

## Let’s talk!

Everstake’s Business Development team is always in search of new ways to be
useful to our partners and exceed their expectations.

[Book a Call ](https://calendly.com/everstake-meeting/30min)

## faq

###  Why should I stake?

+

Staking allows you to have passive income and ensure that your funds are safe
with you while accruing additional value as well as working for the betterment
of the entire ecosystem.

When you stake crypto, you lock it up so that a node where it is stored can
validate transactions on Proof-of-Stake blockchains. In return, you receive
rewards in the form of tokens of the same kind that you staked. Essentially,
by staking, you increase the number of tokens available to you, which makes
staking a comparatively low-risk strategy for getting passive income.

###  How does staking work?

+

On PoS blockchains, transactions are validated by nodes that have a certain
amount of native tokens (a stake). Since the amount is usually made
deliberately high to ensure only technically-capable node runners (validators)
are present, users can delegate their funds to them in exchange for a share of
the rewards that validators get for their work.

The actual funds stay with the delegator, however. Only the right to use said
funds for the sake of validation goes to the validator. The user can withdraw
their tokens.

###  What is a staking validator?

+

A validator is usually an organization or a person who runs one or more nodes
on a particular blockchain. Those nodes have a stake of funds that entitles
them to validate transactions, hence the name. In exchange for their
operation, they are rewarded with the blockchain’s native tokens. This process
is philosophically similar to mining in PoW blockchains, yet it is vastly more
energy-efficient. Usually, PoS blockchains consume about 99% less power than
comparable PoW chains.

###  What is a staking delegator?

+

A delegator is the holder of tokens that stakes them with a validator to
receive a share of validator rewards.

###  What is better: a centralized or decentralized staking provider?

+

A centralized validator, most typically a centralized crypto exchange,
actually requires a delegator to transfer funds to them and then stakes them
on the delegator’s behalf. Thus, the user runs the risk of not being paid back
if some trouble arises. When it comes to decentralized validators, no central
entity controls the user’s funds except themselves, so there is no risk of
someone running away with your money. This makes decentralized staking more
secure and safer than the centralized option.

###  Is staking crypto safe?

+

There are certain risks inherent in centralized staking, most importantly, the
risk of not controlling your own private keys and, therefore, handing over
control of your funds to an exchange. In this sense, decentralized staking is
safer since you retain control over your private keys. That being said,
decentralized staking is also not completely risk-free as some validators may
neglect their duties, which can result in penalties. That is why it is
paramount to make sure your staking provider is a responsible one.

###  How to choose a safe crypto staking provider?

+

To avoid risking your funds, it is reasonable to keep away from centralized
staking providers. Among decentralized staking providers, those who ensure
nearly 100% uptime and have geographically-distributed nodes are safer since
you won’t risk missing your rewards or having the network shut down by one
jurisdiction.

Finally, research the community sentiment to learn which staking providers
actual delegators trust.

###  Why should I choose Everstake?

+

Everstake is a responsible validator trusted by 735K+ users across 70+
blockchain networks. Created by engineers for the entire community in 2018.

###  What is staking crypto?

+

Staking crypto refers to the process of participating in a Proof-of-Stake
(PoS) blockchain network by holding and "staking" a cryptocurrency in a wallet
to support network operations such as transaction validation, security, and
governance.

In return for staking their assets, participants often earn staking rewards.
Everstake, as a staking platform, supports this process by offering users a
simple and secure way to stake their cryptocurrencies.

###  How does staking work?

+

In staking, network participants lock up their cryptocurrency in a wallet to
become validators in the network. Validators are then randomly chosen to
create new blocks and verify transactions based on the amount they've staked
and other network-specific conditions.

Everstake acts as a trusted validator in multiple networks, ensuring that
users who stake their crypto with Everstake can participate in these networks
without needing to run their own validator node.

###  How to report staking rewards in taxes?

+

In many jurisdictions, staking rewards are considered taxable income. The
specifics of reporting can vary, so it's important to consult with a tax
professional or use a service that specializes in cryptocurrency tax
reporting.

Generally, you would report the fair market value of the rewards at the time
you received them. Everstake provides users with detailed reports of their
staking rewards for easier tax reporting.

###  What is a staking pool?

+

A staking pool is a group of coin holders merging their resources to increase
their chances of validating blocks and receiving rewards. They combine their
staking power and share the rewards proportionally to the amount each person
has contributed. Everstake's platform essentially functions as a large staking
pool, allowing users to combine their staking power.

###  How to calculate staking rewards?

+

The calculation of staking rewards can depend on several factors including the
network's inflation rate, the amount of the cryptocurrency being staked, and
the total amount of that cryptocurrency staked in the network. Everstake
provides a staking calculator that users can use to estimate potential rewards
based on their staked amount.

###  How often does staking pay?

+

The frequency of staking payments can vary greatly and depends on the rules of
the specific blockchain. Some networks distribute rewards after every block,
while others may do so daily, weekly, or even monthly. Everstake's platform is
designed to provide users with timely and consistent payouts.

###  Is staking crypto worth it?

+

Whether staking is worth it can depend on several factors. These include the
expected return on investment, the stability of the cryptocurrency, the
individual's risk tolerance, and their understanding of the staking process
and principles. With Everstake, users can maximize their potential returns
from staking, making it an attractive option for many crypto investors.

# Earn Crypto Rewards with Best Staking Platform

As we navigate the dynamic landscape of cryptocurrencies, an essential concept
has made a significant impact: crypto staking.

Through a leading [staking platform Everstake](https://everstake.one/),
staking and hosting nodes becomes an efficient, secure, and non-custodial
process, marking the service as the top crypto staking platform of 2024.

#### Table of Contents

  1. Understanding Crypto Staking
    1. The Basics of Crypto Staking
    2. Importance of Staking and Hosting Nodes
  2. Benefits of Investing with Best Staking Platform Everstake
    1. Everstake as a Trusted Validator for Ethereum 2.0
    2. Large User Base of Everstake
    3. Extensive Network Supported by Everstake: From Proof of Stake (POS) to Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS)
    4. Everstake's Security and Automation: The Key to Safe Crypto Earnings
    5. Ensuring Control with Everstake's Non-Custodial Crypto Staking Service
  3. Everstake's Exceptional Uptime: A Critical Factor in Maximizing Staking Rewards
    1. Understanding the Importance of Uptime in Crypto Staking
    2. Achieving 99.9% Uptime: How Everstake Ensures Consistent Staking Rewards
  4. How to Start Earning Passive Income with Everstake: A Step-By-Step Guide to Staking
    1. A Detailed Guide to Crypto Staking with Everstake
    2. Benefits of Staking with Everstake
  5. Conclusion
    1. Recap of Everstake's Offerings
    2. Start Maximizing Your Crypto Earnings with Everstake Today
  6. Frequently Asked Questions
    1. What is staking crypto?
    2. How does staking work?
    3. How to report staking rewards in taxes?
    4. What is a staking pool?
    5. How to calculate staking rewards?
    6. How often does staking pay?
    7. Is staking crypto worth it?

##  Understanding Crypto Staking

###  The Basics of Crypto Staking

In the world of proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchains, crypto staking is a practice
where participants lock up their cryptocurrency to support network operations,
including transaction validation. As a result, they earn rewards, typically
more of the same cryptocurrency, paving the way for passive income.

###  Importance of Staking and Hosting Nodes

Staking and hosting nodes play pivotal roles in the functionality and security
of blockchain networks.

In the world of cryptocurrency, staking is a method of participating in a
proof-of-stake (PoS) blockchain network by locking up a certain amount of the
cryptocurrency in a network wallet. Through this process, stakers can help
validate transactions on the network and earn staking rewards in return.

Staking plays an essential role in blockchain networks, as it incentivizes
participants to maintain the network's operation and security. It enables
decentralized networks to achieve consensus without needing significant
computational power, making them more energy-efficient than their proof-of-
work (PoW) counterparts.

Hosting nodes, on the other hand, refers to the act of running a computer with
specific software that maintains a blockchain network. Nodes validate and
propagate transactions across the network, contributing to its overall
security and resilience against attacks.

Staking and hosting nodes are thus key activities in the world of
decentralized finance (DeFi), contributing to network participation and
helping users earn digital asset earnings. Whether you're staking Ethereum on
Ethereum 2.0 or engaging in Binance staking on the Binance Smart Chain, these
processes form the backbone of many popular blockchain protocols.

##  Benefits of Investing with [Best Staking Platform
Everstake](https://everstake.one/)

In the realm of cryptocurrency, finding an efficient and secure staking
platform is crucial. Everstake has emerged as one of the preferred platforms,
providing a myriad of benefits for individuals interested in maximizing their
crypto earnings.

### Everstake as a Trusted Validator for Ethereum 2.0

Ethereum, one of the most popular cryptocurrencies, is transitioning from its
original consensus mechanism, Proof of Work (PoW), to a more energy-efficient
one, Proof of Stake (PoS), with Ethereum 2.0. Everstake serves as a trusted
validator in this new network, allowing users to [stake
Ethereum](https://everstake.one/staking/ethereum) with just a few clicks.

As a validator, Everstake facilitates transactions, maintains the network's
security, and in return, its users enjoy staking rewards. This service
provides users with a secure and potentially profitable way to participate in
the anticipated Ethereum 2.0 network.

### Large User Base of Everstake

Everstake boasts a robust user base, making it one of the largest staking
platforms. This extensive community of users allows for a wealth of shared
knowledge, experience, and assistance. Especially for beginners in crypto
staking, having a supportive community can significantly enhance their staking
journey.

### Extensive Network Supported by Everstake: From Proof of Stake (POS) to
Delegated Proof of Stake (DPoS)

Everstake is not limited to Ethereum staking. It supports a broad range of
blockchain networks and consensus mechanisms, from Delegated Proof of Stake
(DPoS) to Proof of Stake, making it one of the most versatile staking
platforms. Users can stake various cryptocurrencies, including but not limited
to, [Atom](https://everstake.one/staking/cosmos),
[Solana](https://everstake.one/staking/solana), and
[Tezos](https://everstake.one/staking/tezos), and maximize their staking
rewards. As well, users can see the full list of supported options on
Everstake [staking page.](https://everstake.one/staking)

### Everstake's Security and Automation: The Key to Safe Crypto Earnings

Security is a fundamental concern in the digital asset space, and Everstake
places a high emphasis on it. The platform employs advanced security protocols
to ensure the safety of users' assets.

Moreover, Everstake leverages automation, simplifying the staking process and
making it more efficient. Users can automate their staking strategies, thus
saving time and minimizing manual error.

### Ensuring Control with Everstake's Non-Custodial Crypto Staking Service

Maintaining control over one's assets is another vital consideration for
crypto holders. Everstake's non-custodial staking service ensures users retain
full control of their crypto, even when they're staking. While users benefit
from the passive income from staking rewards, they also enjoy peace of mind,
knowing their assets are not entirely in the hands of a third party.

In summary, Everstake offers a comprehensive suite of benefits for staking
crypto, providing an excellent platform for users to maximize their crypto
earnings while minimizing risks.

##  Everstake's Exceptional Uptime: A Critical Factor in Maximizing Staking
Rewards

Maximizing staking rewards involves more than just choosing the right
cryptocurrency or platform, the uptime of the platform plays an equally
crucial role.

###  Understanding the Importance of Uptime in Crypto Staking

Uptime, in the context of crypto staking, refers to the operational state of
the blockchain network or the staking platform. High uptime ensures that a
network or platform is consistently available and operating.

###  Achieving 99.9% Uptime: How Everstake Ensures Consistent Staking Rewards

Everstake ensures consistent staking rewards through its high uptime, which is
achieved by employing various strategies and resources. Here is an overview:

Strategy/Resources

Description

Multiple Validator Nodes

Everstake has set up multiple validator nodes across various blockchain
networks to ensure a continuous presence and participate actively in the
network.

Backup Systems

Everstake has backup systems in place for each node. This redundancy protects
against potential failures and ensures that the nodes are always available to
validate transactions.

Robust Infrastructure

The platform's infrastructure is designed to handle high volumes and maintain
the seamless operation of the network. It employs state-of-the-art hardware
and software to minimize downtime.

Continuous Monitoring

Everstake continuously monitors its nodes and the networks it operates on.
This constant surveillance helps detect potential issues early and take
appropriate action.

Experienced Team

Everstake's team of experienced professionals maintain the network's high
uptime. They oversee the operation, ensure regular updates, and handle any
issues that arise.

Through these strategies, Everstake achieves an impressive uptime of 99.9%,
ensuring consistent staking rewards for its users. It is the platform's
commitment to uptime that sets it apart as a leading staking platform for
digital asset earnings.

##  How to Start Earning Passive Income with Everstake: A Step-By-Step Guide
to Staking

Staking with Everstake is a straightforward process, designed to make earning
passive income from your cryptocurrency as easy as possible.

###  A Detailed Guide to Crypto Staking with Everstake

  1. **Visit the Everstake.one Platform:** Start your staking journey by navigating to the Everstake.one website. You'll find the 'Stake Now' option conveniently located in the upper corner of our homepage. Just give that a click! 
  2. **Choose Your Staking Option:** Everstake is proud to support a broad selection of cryptocurrencies for staking, catering to diverse investor preferences. Choose the best staking crypto options that align perfectly with your investment strategy. 
  3. **Start Staking:** Look at the staking calculator. Confirm your staking decision, and the staking process will commence. You can now sit back and watch your investment grow over time. 

##  Benefits of Staking with Everstake

Everstake offers an array of benefits for stakers:

  * **Exceptional Uptime:** With a 99.9% uptime, Everstake ensures you don't miss out on staking rewards. 
  * **Diverse Options:** Everstake supports a wide range of blockchain networks, giving you multiple staking options. 
  * **Security:** Advanced security protocols ensure your investment is safe. 
  * **Non-Custodial Staking:** Maintain control over your assets with Everstake's non-custodial staking service. 
  * **Large User Base:** Being part of Everstake's large community gives you access to a wealth of knowledge and assistance. 

* * *

## Conclusion

###  Recap of Everstake's Offerings

Copy Everstake, as a trusted staking platform, offers numerous advantages to
its users. It serves as a reliable [crypto
validator](https://everstake.one/staking/ethereum) for Ethereum 2.0 and
supports a wide range of blockchain networks, facilitating the staking of
diverse cryptocurrencies.

The non-custodial nature of its services ensures users maintain control over
their assets, while the high uptime of 99.9% maximizes staking rewards.

###  Start Maximizing Your Crypto Earnings with Everstake Today

If you're looking to tap into the potential of cryptocurrency staking,
Everstake provides an optimal platform. With its comprehensive suite of
offerings and commitment to user security and satisfaction, Everstake presents
a compelling choice for both novice and seasoned crypto enthusiasts.

Start staking with Everstake today and take a step towards maximizing your
crypto earnings.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

