[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective __
  * ... __
  * Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives

The Classroom

PATHWAY I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective

chapter 4/5

# Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives

Dec 5, 2023 | **Updated Dec 7, 2023**

__Read 8 min

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-tools
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Best%20Tools%20For%20Blockchain%20Detectives&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-tools
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fbecome-a-
crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-tools
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-
tools&title=Best%20Tools%20For%20Blockchain%20Detectives "Reddit")

![BOOK WITH PAGES](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/09/11_Classroom_Cover_Main-1024x432.jpg)

_Ready to learn more about blockchain sleuthing? Learn from the best; as Feld
from Boring Security dives into the tools a crypto detective might need to
catch on-chain criminals._

Although only an amateur aspiring sleuth myself, one thing I’ve learned by
talking to other Sleuths in this space is that there is no shortage of tools
being employed to uncover information quickly for certain circumstances. The
ability to leverage tools together is vital for investigations into all the
different types of scams, hacks, or other interesting on-, and off-, chain
events that may occur. Let’s take a look at a few of the most popular tools in
use today, with special emphasis on free ones, and how you can use some of
them yourself as a part of your own DYOR process and investigations.******  
  
**

## Which Tools Do Crypto Detectives Use?

Tools generally fall into a few broad categories. Firstly, you’ll need a
**block explorer** such as Etherscan (although some Sleuthers prefer others,
or have to use others when scammers bridge to other blockchains). Some tools
allow you to analyze affiliations and **track movements visually**. Then some
tools add **data enrichment** to addresses and protocols, adding metadata such
as names, suspicious activity levels, or simply descriptive context to a
dataset.

### Block Explorers

The first place most of us go to start poking around at any given story is the
on-chain data. Even seasoned Sleuthers start by going to the block explorer
for a specific chain. Each blockchain has its version of a block explorer that
communities tend to rally around. Below is a list of some of the major EVM
chains’ block explorers.

**Blockchain**| |  **Block Explorer**  
---|---|---  
**Ethereum**| | **https://etherscan.io/**  
**Binance SC**| | **https://bscscan.com/**  
**Polygon**| | **https://polygonscan.com/**  
**Avalanche**| | **https://snowtrace.io/**  
**Optimism**| | **https://optimistic.etherscan.io/**  
**Arbitrum**| | **https://arbiscan.io/**  
**Fantom**| | **https://ftmscan.com/**  
  
Of course, there are Bitcoin, Solana, Cardano, and other blockchain explorers
as well, so the complete list can get quite comprehensive. Oftentimes though,
bad actors move funds across blockchains using bridges, so it can make these
tools a bit limited as they can only track funds on their own chain!

### Transaction Visualizers

It is hard to assign a categorical name for these tools, as they all focus on
different features. [Metasleuth](https://metasleuth.io/),
[Misttrack](https://misttrack.io/),
[Breadcrumbs](https://www.breadcrumbs.app/), and
[Arkham](https://www.arkhamintelligence.com/), are all relatively popular
tools used to visualize blockchain data. At a high level though, each helps
uncover a few things at a glance about an address:  

  * What protocols and addresses they most frequently interact with
  * How many of and which tokens are passing through the address being investigated
  * Risk scores, which can be helpful for those with compliance needs

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/hUt5aNPJv4Ew9C0laNNLjVNDBEa8j1uDpsiNNYeLGQoulbro4uDjsY8qOU5RNWDfxcSQZoE7LW9JQN38rGa7iVPvaJ26_4mcFunRp_gpAVYWpDjjRO53ZCu3DdYUuE2DE9V1jgfK9U6KZn7TsJPP09w)  
**Figure 1-1:** An example of Breadcrumbs’ initial search results when looking
up address mrbayc.eth.  

Clicking on one of these addresses drills down into that address’ interactions
with it, like so:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/q3nEIPZuG5F70hvDE6SjlvR96Hsu_rWNCfhl4AdHKBA8S0Igj-t5Pqn9pTBFHWmHAqrqe3DkYf8ap75lEMCCZfYeCqeywNJYUv5R-gX1bmCGxSviTuWU0sQ_Gk9n10ltMq86Ns-
O_ptpP5Ztegyiu6M)

**Figure 1-2:** An example of Breadcrumbs’ expanded view of activity between a
protocol and address.

These tools also allow you to trace funds on a time-based scale. You can
investigate addresses to discover:

  * transactions of interest
  * how they connect to other addresses
  * what kind of transactions they are engaging in
  * when they are doing it  

Oftentimes when you see screenshots of these programs on Twitter, you’ll see
long chains of addresses, in various colors like this:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/p_FRxtDDNiZYppPiApBE2cUgRZoXVzBaAVGwwDWEjp7su8okzXnW3xXLOJ1SvfOZpPJqSITzKUD3QljZoEfQz2u0pHJYiIpyP-
cyoSvGGE3rxPeVRKBJJkSG60XuPUwmuWbi5qi_Uysu7ttW9WxF2R0)

**Figure 1-3:** A Metasleuth visual of one of
[Quit’](https://twitter.com/0xQuit)s addresses showing transactions to and
from crypto exchanges.

Tools like these allow you to uncover correlations and patterns at a glance,
whilst giving you new clues to search through. Once you find out more
information about individual addresses, you can add labels and notes to them
to continue to build out your investigation. Using these tools well is
unfortunately out of the scope of this article. The features vary slightly
between each one, and many of the Sleuthers we talked to in our interviews
prefer different tools from each other and still yield amazing results!

### Data Enrichment

Data Enrichment is the name of the game for almost all sleuthing tools to some
extent. Enrichment adds context, making the data more consumable, easier to
organize, and easier to visualize. Arguably every tool mentioned so far is a
“data enrichment tool”.

However, some focus on adding context within existing apps, making existing
tools even better. Similar to extensions that show more about an NFT’s rarity
or stats, these tools add context to websites or data types in the same way.

### Metadock

[Metadock](https://blocksec.com/metadock) is a worthy mention in this
category, particularly when it comes to enriching data on the block explorers.
It’s a browser extension that adds context to sites like Etherscan, Opensea,
and a growing list of websites to add a little bit more context to each one.
Let’s take a look at Metadock in action:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/nMP_RQapV84HmFwP3xxxBKcWTQloI6Zy32qqecGVUjh07mTNkoMeQDBx_nhz5FcOXcDmmDFE6z3miBy4Cr5gRh7kdmGgDdLrrv0Wr5YfHVYDH_TC7uJfsHQQ6phkjZJcR8HjcbLwgyXy0egoIU-
oVGE)

**Figure 1-4:** An example view of the Boring Security Deployer address
transaction history page with Metadock installed.

Notice above how it added contract names that make it a little more friendly
to read, compared to pure Etherscan below, where only the approved Etherscan
names are present:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/-SpMPQDdEjA87J5Tr1eTrLqzhHiHuUsmJiXYJBkAIzsd9IPu4uGhPszkDnaX83GSHRALSeRgHuLbxIWc0LV8au1oCgIY1g3d2Tfpkms7W3j_ykbVWJ49eaydUPHkKDacly39CqAH6nqk-
NIsr1WRT8M)

**Figure 1-5:** An example of the Boring Security Deployer address transaction
history page without Metadock.

Another cool feature of Metadock is that it lets learn more about the address
you are investigating by making it easy to engage with other tools with just a
simple click:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/SPHVSTF0xzDyiV2d-9lJK9vYYJVeUzEMXooDVmVgHfHuKLSEyyc-
uRVbk4-BZkMM34u5Ye9-ncTPF2zZTkybxGrgWzF3t7P8Q2MJW-Ar5C3Hi9wwvQZTDOe28b60hBWe-
Hmi92VUjO1yx5x5H2tFI-w)

**Figure 1-6:** Etherscan address header with Metadock installed linking to
other tools.

Some of these additional tools are helpful for Sleuthing, but others can just
be helpful to get context about that particular address, such as the real
dollar value contained within, accounting for NFTs and DeFi positions, as well
as what approvals it might have open.

Understanding approvals as an NFT user is _vital_ to staying secure in the
space. Check out the [Boring Security Approvals
article](https://boringsecurity.com/articles/all-about-approvals) if you are
unfamiliar with contract approvals.

### Debank (Portfolio Viewers)

Whereas Metadock adds reputational and readability context, Debank offers
financial and value context. [Debank](https://debank.com/), as well as similar
services [Zapper](https://zapper.xyz/) and [Zerion](https://zerion.io/) show
someone’s portfolio balance.

Some people don’t realize that they can be extremely helpful while Sleuthing,
or just tracking funds as well.

They are often used in scenarios where someone has bridged funds from one
blockchain to another, perhaps multiple times. Using these portfolio
visualization and management tools, Sleuthers don’t have five different block
explorers as they trace an address’s bridging activity.  They can simply view
the address in DeBank.

Look at how simple a bridge transaction is when displayed in Debank below:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/reM3UuCAo7NIE2i77pGgc7xa4AnCozaG-
tImMQRbeDW3AQwVKgegPXPLtNuQJ37kI2bD-
qf01l2FLp_OTJBHhalccput0XAe65Ipp49riPABgDTBoQIdGULD7nVz0sjznK2cKdUW390U521kUkKtQXc)

**Figure 1-7:** A view of a user bridging funds from Arbitrum to Optimism
using the [SynapseProtocol Bridge](https://www.synapseprotocol.com/) as shown
by DeBank.

Not only did it include cross-chain context all in one place, but also it
included financial (dollar value) context as well. An incredible tool to add
to the toolbox when trying to better understand a transaction chain!

### Social Media

Social Media and information that can connect addresses to users’ real-life
identities is hugely important. Knowing the real identities of addresses that
have interacted on-chain with bad actors can go a long way in tracking down
the real identity of the bad actor(s).

For example, let’s imagine searching for an address that stole funds. Using
Etherscan, it shows that the address did some transactions on NFTTrader with
an address that has an ENS name. Upon further investigation, that ENS name
appears to be connected to an Opensea profile that has an associated Twitter
account. Using Twitter/X and Discord search could reveal information about
addresses that transacted with the thieving address in question. In this
example, you may be able to search a community Discord for any of the assets
contained in the trade and Discord a Discord username for the initial
scammer’s address.

Nefarious users often double back to cover their tracks by deleting tweets,
but the WayBack Machine can recover that deleted information. These recovered
tweets can give additional clues to the thief’s identity! The above example
might be slightly confusing, so let’s take a look at the below graphic:

![](https://lh7-eu.googleusercontent.com/uykbLURXBFx-8X8XfOSwu3VRLZTIrmYSO1W7MinPdp3shk9ZjGbn68b49XbRqSgyCJDbetG4AiEuyhYu7znwCP-4ondsu0mmWwAenBuroevN0pEkkycamkyII1W2rTYG03gLV9R26f1ae38iBkDJ9p8)

**Figure 1-8:** A figure showing a scammer’s address interacting with a known
address through NFTTrader, which is then leveraged to find out more
information about the scammer.

## Final Thoughts on a Crypto Detective’s Toolbox

Even if you don’t have a huge interest in trying to track down bad guys,
understanding these tools might give you deeper insights into how the
blockchain works. Knowing how it can be explored might add some new
perspectives and methods for you to employ when you DYOR (Do Your Own
Research). These tools enable building a timeline of events, adding context to
those events, and uncovering connections to identities on other platforms. You
gain more information than you ever would have gotten by simply clicking
endlessly on Etherscan, and more quickly too.  

This article merely introduces the tools that some Sleuthers use to catch bad
guys. We couldn’t possibly go into every nuance on how to use them, but if
you’re reading this from the Ledger Classroom, the next article in the series
covers more of HOW these Professional Sleuthers catch bad actors.

_Have any questions or want to learn more about web3 security and stay up to
date on the most current security information, scams, and tactics? Join Boring
Security in its[official Discord server
](https://discord.gg/boringsecurity)and _ _check out some more of the[Boring
Security classes](https://boringsecurity.com/classes) you can take!_

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-tools
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Best%20Tools%20For%20Blockchain%20Detectives&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-tools
"Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-basics%2Fbecome-a-
crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-tools
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-
tools&title=Best%20Tools%20For%20Blockchain%20Detectives "Reddit")

[ Next up: How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-
to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-in-
crypto)

[What Is Self-Custody in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-self-custody-
in-crypto)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

[What is Celestia (TIA)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-celestia-tia)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

[Sei Network: What It Is And How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/sei-network-what-it-is-and-how-
to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=93f6b5cb-758a-4382-855f-403069ca67bb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=e56ecff1-4812-4b7a-bd15-54ef7d40e7fa&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-
tools&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=93f6b5cb-758a-4382-855f-403069ca67bb&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=e56ecff1-4812-4b7a-bd15-54ef7d40e7fa&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-
tools&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=a6a9b0a9-ca66-4a95-a822-89def5838aad&sid=cdf7ecf01cfc11ef8a59c199ff277592&vid=cdf7dfc01cfc11efab9b0756c79d2b50&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Best%20Tools%20For%20Blockchain%20Detectives%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-
tools&r=&lt=3252&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=980952)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A15%3A58%20GMT&n=0&b=Best%20Tools%20For%20Blockchain%20Detectives%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fbasic-
basics%2Fbecome-a-crypto-detective%2Fblockchain-detective-
tools&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

