[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL2JpbmFuY2Utd29yZC1vZi10aGUtZGF5LWxlYXJuLWNyeXB0by1hbmQtZWFybi1iaW5hbmNlLXBvaW50cy0yMzYyMDY0Mjc2MzA1MjM2MjI4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJrZXRzL2JpbmFuY2Utd29yZC1vZi10aGUtZGF5LWxlYXJuLWNyeXB0by1hbmQtZWFybi1iaW5hbmNlLXBvaW50cy0yMzYyMDY0Mjc2MzA1MjM2MjI4P2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Word of the Day: Learn Crypto and Earn Binance Points!

2023-02-27

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Word of the Day is a mini-game on the Binance app that puts your crypto and Web3 knowledge to the test.

  * Guess the mystery word and stay on top of the most up-to-date crypto speak. 

  * New users can register for a Binance account with the Word of the Day referral code for a 10% spot trading fee discount.

_Get your daily dose of Web3 terminology with_[ __Binance Word of the
Day__](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/word-of-the-day/entry) _!_

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231130/da9ee6f5-fb1a-43fe-8181-fd48f8afbc34)

Take part in our weekly Word of the Day (WOTD) game! Learn all about crypto,
put your knowledge to the test, and share a pool of 500,000 Binance Points,
redeemable in the Rewards Hub.  

## Weekly Themes and Rewards

Each week introduces a new theme, along with a selection of curated articles
to help you make your best guesses. Past themes included
[_CR7_](http://binance.com/en/support/announcement/read-about-the-binance-x-
cr7-partnership-and-play-wodl-to-bring-home-a-cr7-mystery-
box-2023-01-09-712dca50222a4b8887e9a4b0bdc342a2) , [_Binance Gift
Card_](http://binance.com/en/support/announcement/read-about-the-binance-x-
cr7-partnership-and-play-wodl-to-bring-home-a-cr7-mystery-
box-2023-01-09-712dca50222a4b8887e9a4b0bdc342a2) , and the
[_Metaverse_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/read-about-
metaverse-and-play-wodl-to-share-5-000-busd-in-token-
vouchers-2022-11-28-a63ef0acd9c0421180a0fa64159c2ff2).

**Pro Tip** : Staying updated with the latest crypto news and developments via
our [_Blog_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog) ,
[_Academy_](https://academy.binance.com/en) ,
[_Announcements_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement) , and
[_social media channels_](https://www.binance.com/en/community) will increase
your chances of guessing the Word of the Day correctly.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231130/81c0605e-2965-4f61-bc70-4aa76bc1f44e)

### Game Rules

  * Eligible users can play up to two WOTD games per day. 

  * You must get five correct answers during the Activity Period to be eligible for a share of the 500,000 Binance Points.

  * After your first game, click [**Get A New WOTD**] to share one of the articles on social media. You’ll unlock your second game of the day once someone clicks your shared link. 

## New to Binance? Here’s a Welcome Bonus!

Create a Binance account using referral code**WOTD2023** or via this
[_**referral
link**_](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=WOTD2023)**** during the
Activity Period to receive 10% off your spot trading fees. You may also
qualify for bonus [_welcome
rewards_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-get-welcome-rewards-
cfb6e84202c54687b1b639228b56f59e) by completing your Rewards Hub tasks within
**14 days after registration.**

##  Where to Play Binance Word of the Day

### Binance website

  1. Go to the [_Binance website_](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=WOTD2023) and click **[Register]**. Use the referral code [_**WOTD2023**_](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?ref=WOTD2023) for a 10% spot trading fee discount.

  2. Once you’ve created your account, go to [_**[Binance Word of the Day]**_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/word-of-the-day/entry).

  3. Start guessing! You have six attempts to guess the Word of the Day.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231130/e0e165ac-
cd84-467b-aa35-1e490b8aca75)

### Binance app

  1. [ _Download the Binance app_](https://www.binance.com/en/download) and sign up for a Binance account. Use the referral code **WOTD2023** for a 10% spot trading fee discount along with [_welcome rewards_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-get-welcome-rewards-cfb6e84202c54687b1b639228b56f59e).

  2. On the homepage, tap **More** and scroll to the **Gift & Campaign** section. 

  3. Tap **Word of the Day** and start playing! You have six attempts to guess the Word of the Day.

**Pro Tip:** Keep your winning streak alive by pinning the WOTD icon on your
homepage.

## How to Play Binance Word of the Day

  1. Guess your first word. If you guessed correctly on the first try, congratulations!

  2. If you have not guessed the word of the day, the color of the tiles will change according to your previous guess.

    1. Green tiles: Letters in the right position.

    2. Yellow tiles: The letter is in the word, but not in the right position.

    3. Black tiles: The letter is not in the word of the day.

  3. Use the weekly theme to inform your guesses.

### Remember to share your winning streak!

###
![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231130/8bc951f2-1fce-44b7-923f-e77fa01bb5f4)

What’s an online game without bragging rights? Compete with friends and family
to see who can keep their streak going the longest and show off your
achievements using the [Share] button.

## Start Guessing!

Are you ready to expand your crypto vocabulary and challenge yourself? The
only question left unanswered is – Can you guess today's [_Binance Word of the
Day_](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/word-of-the-day/entry)?

## Further Reading

  * [ _How to Register on Binance Website_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-register-on-binance-website-08f314ad219e45fc9b7a27b67801a5c4)

  * [ _How to Register on Binance App_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-register-on-binance-app-360042718372)  

  * [_How to Complete Identity Verification_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-complete-identity-verification-360027287111)

  * [ _Guide to Account Functions_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/account-functions?c=1&navId=1#9)

194,905,415 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

1078

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Word of the Day: Learn Crypto and Earn Binance Points!

Main Takeaways

Weekly Themes and Rewards

New to Binance? Here’s a Welcome Bonus!

Where to Play Binance Word of the Day

How to Play Binance Word of the Day

Start Guessing!

Further Reading

194,905,415 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

