[](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/)

Buy Crypto

  * [Buy Crypto via Bank CardGBPUse Bank Card to Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto/buy/GBP/BTC)
  * [Buy Crypto via P2PUse Peer-to-Peer to Buy Crypto](https://p2p.binance.com/en-GB/trade/all-payments/USDT?fiat=GBP)
  * [Buy Fan TokensBuy Fan Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fan-token)
  * [Buy NFTsBuy Non-Fungible Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Trade

  * [ConvertUse Convert to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert)
  * [Spot ExchangeUse Spot Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/spot_margin-FIAT)
  * [Margin ExchangeUse Margin Exchange to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade?type=cross)
  * [Trading BotsUse Trading Bots to Trade Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trading-bots)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/earn)

  * [Launch PlatformCryptoasset Token Launch Platform](https://launchpad.binance.com/en-GB)
  * [Auto-InvestCryptoasset Auto-Invest Platform](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/auto-invest/)

Support

  * [Submit Live ChatChat with Customer Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat)
  * [Support CentreAccess Support FAQ articles](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [Trading FeesView the trading fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/trading)
  * [Trading RuleView the trading rules and limits](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

[Log In](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/login?loginChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvYWJvdXQ%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en-
GB/register?registerChannel=&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4tR0IvYWJvdXQ%3D)

[About](/en-GB/about)[Careers](/en-GB/careers)[Press](/en-
GB/press)[Community](/en-GB/community)

Welcome to Binance

At Binance, we believe that everyone should have the freedom to earn, hold,
spend, share and give their money - no matter who you are or where you come
from.

$65 bn

Average daily volume

300 bn

Spot transactions in 2022

24/7

Customer Support in 40 languages

Our Mission

Today, Binance is the world’s leading blockchain ecosystem, with a product
suite that includes the largest digital asset exchange. Our mission is to be
the infrastructure provider for crypto in tomorrow’s world.

[Learn More](/en-GB/mission)

Our Ecosystem

Our platform is trusted by millions worldwide, and features an unmatched
portfolio of financial product offerings.

Binance Exchange

Binance Exchange is the largest crypto exchange by trade volume.

Binance Labs

Binance Labs is a venture capital and accelerator whose goal is to identify
and support the most promising Web3 projects.

Binance Research

Binance Research provides institutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and
unbiased information to all participants in the digital asset industry.

Binance Academy

Binance Academy is an open-access learning hub, providing free blockchain and
crypto education in over 10 languages.

Binance Charity

Binance Charity is a non-profit organization dedicated to building a future
where Web3 technology is used as a force of good.

Binance NFT

Binance NFT is the official NFT marketplace of Binance, dedicated to building
a community-focused platform that enhances user experience.

Binance Square

Binance Square is a single touchpoint for the latest trends in Web3,
displaying a range of content from crypto experts, enthusiasts, and media
sources as it goes live.

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/image/julia/new-hompage/trusted-section.png)

Putting Our Users First

Users are at the heart of everything we do. From the beginning, we’ve made
user protection our top priority. That is why we’ve embedded state-of-the-art
security measures and strict data privacy controls across the entire Binance
ecosystem.

[User Protection](/en-GB/event/user_protection)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/fair-m.png)

Working with Regulators

We’re also committed to meeting the highest standards for regulatory
compliance to maintain our responsibility to our users and further build a
sustainable path forward for the blockchain industry.

Our Founders

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/cz2.png)

CZ (Changpeng Zhao)

Co-Founder & Former CEO

Changpeng Zhao, known as CZ, is a serial entrepreneur with an impressive track
record of successful startups. He launched Binance in July 2017 and, within
180 days, grew Binance into the largest digital asset exchange in the world by
trading volume. An pioneer within the blockchain industry, CZ has built
Binance into the leading blockchain ecosystem, comprised of Binance Exchange,
Labs, Launchpad, Academy, Research, Trust Wallet, Charity, NFT, and more. CZ
spent his youth flipping burgers before studying at McGill University
Montreal. In 2005, CZ quit his role as head of the Bloomberg Tradebook Futures
Research & Development team and moved to Shanghai to start Fusion Systems.
Soon thereafter, he learned about Bitcoin and joined Blockchain.com as Head of
Technology.

View More

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/about/heyi3.png)

Yi He

Co-Founder

Yi He leads business, marketing, and branding strategy at Binance. Yi has led
the business strategy behind Binance’s growth – having pivoted the company
from just a crypto-to-crypto trading platform to a blockchain ecosystem.
Before co-founding Binance, Yi served as Vice President at Yixia Technology,
the leading mobile video tech company behind popular mobile apps like Miaopai,
Xiaokaxiu, and Yizhibo, where she led branding strategy and marketing
operations. She was also a fundamental part of the fundraising strategy that
drove the firm’s valuation to USD$3+ billion. Additionally, Yi was co-founder
of the digital asset exchange OKCoin between 2014 and 2015. Yi is recognized
as one of the most influential entrepreneurs in the blockchain industry and
has helped to create a trend of hiring female executives in the male-dominant
tech industry, increasing the market’s trust in women leaders.

View More

Global Advisory Board

Max Baucus

USA

Former U.S. Ambassador to the People’s Republic of China; Former U.S. Senator
Montana; Former Chairman of Senate Committee on Finance

Ibukun Awosika

Nigeria

First Female Chairman, First Bank of Nigeria; Founder, The Chair Centre group;
Chairman, Nigerian Advisory Board, for Impact Investing and Convention on
Business Integrity; Member G7 International Task Force for impact investing;
Author of several books

HyungRin Bang

Korea

Advisor of the Korea Presidential Committee; PR/Communications Advisor of Yoon
Seuk-Yul’s 2022 Presidential Campaign; Former CEO, SoftForum Inc.; Former
Executive Director, Hyundai; Former Executive Director, Samsung;

Bruno Bezard

France

Managing partner of Cathay Capital; Former Economic Advisor to the French
Prime Minister; Former Head of the French Treasury; Former CEO of the French
Government Shareholding Agency

Henrique de Campos Meirelles

Brazil

Former Minister of the Economy, Former President of the Central Bank of
Brazil, Former Chair of J&F’s board of directors, Former Member of the Board
of Directors of Azul Brazilian Airlines, Former President, BankBoston; Former
President of Global Banking, FleetBoston Financial; Former Board member,
Raytheon Corporation, Bestfoods and Champion International. Former Member of
the Council of Lloyd’s of London; Former Chairman of Lazard Americas.

Adalberto Palma

Mexico

Honorary Board Member of The Aspen Institute Mexico; Former Senior Advisor at
the Chief of Staff Office to the President of Mexico; Director of Business
Development at BEworksMX Consulting; Former President of the CNBV; Founding
Chairman of The Center for Excellency in Corporate Governance; Independent
Director of the Institute for Savings Protection; President of Bankers Trust
Mêxico, Colombia and Venezuela; Managing Director of Citibank Mexico.

David Plouffe

USA

Business, Non-Profit and Political strategist; Author, Member of Various
Boards of Directors; Former Campaign Manager Senior Advisor to President Obama
in the White House

Christin Schäfer

Germany

Founder and Managing Director of acs plus; Former Group Risk Operating
Officer, Erste Group Bank; Former Global Head of Quantitative Solutions,
Deutsche Bank, Member of the Data Ethics Commission, German Federal Government

Lord Vaizey

UK

Member of the House of Lords; Former Minister and Member of Parliament

David Wright

Europe

Chair, EUROFI; Former Secretary General, IOSCO, Former European Commission;
Deputy Director General Financial Markets, European Commission

Working at Binance

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/careers/grow.png)

Working at Binance

At Binance, we give people the freedom to own their decisions, collaborate
openly, and serve our users with passion and integrity. Join the Binance team
today and work with some of the world’s most talented, hardworking, and
passionate people.

[Explore Jobs](/en-GB/careers)

### Community

[](https://x.com/binanceuk)

Theme

Theme

### Company

  * [About Us](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about)
  * [Inquiries](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about#email)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/careers)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/press)

### Support

  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support)
  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/fee/schedule)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/trade-rule)

### Legal

  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/terms)
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/about-legal/privacy-portal)

### Compliance

  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/risk-warning)
  * [Law Enforcement Request](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/support/law-enforcement)
  * [Licenses & Registrations](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/legal/licenses)

### Products

  * [Spot](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/markets/overview)
  * [OCBS](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/crypto)
  * [Convert](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/convert/GBP/BTC)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en-GB/nft/home)

Nest Services Limited, trading as Binance, is the entity ultimately
responsible for the Binance Services offered through the Platform.  
  
Trading cryptocurrencies involves significant risk and can result in the loss
of your capital. You should not invest more than you can afford to lose and
you should ensure that you fully understand the risks involved. Before
trading, please take into consideration your level of experience, investment
objectives, and seek independent financial advice if necessary. It is your
responsibility to ascertain whether you are permitted to use the services of
Binance based on the legal requirements in your country of residence. Neither
the firm nor investments in cryptoassets are regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority, nor covered by the Financial Ombudsman Service or subject
to protection under the Financial Services Compensation Scheme. The
information on this site is not directed at residents of the United States,
Canada, Singapore, Japan, Korea, Australia, and New Zealand or any particular
country or jurisdiction where such distribution or use would be contrary to
local law or regulation.

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

