Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# ERC-20 Token Standard

c

Last edit: [@corwintines(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/corwintines),
March 26, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * Introduction
  * Prerequisites
  * Body
    * Methods
    * Events
    * Examples
  * Further reading

## Introduction

**What is a Token?**

Tokens can represent virtually anything in Ethereum:

  * reputation points in an online platform
  * skills of a character in a game
  * financial assets like a share in a company
  * a fiat currency like USD
  * an ounce of gold
  * and more...

Such a powerful feature of Ethereum must be handled by a robust standard,
right? That's exactly where the ERC-20 plays its role! This standard allows
developers to build token applications that are interoperable with other
products and services. The ERC-20 standard is also used to provide additional
functionality to _ether_.

**What is ERC-20?**

The ERC-20 introduces a standard for Fungible Tokens, in other words, they
have a property that makes each Token be exactly the same (in type and value)
as another Token. For example, an ERC-20 Token acts just like the ETH, meaning
that 1 Token is and will always be equal to all the other Tokens.

## Prerequisites

  * [Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)
  * [Smart Contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)
  * [Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

## Body

The ERC-20 (Ethereum Request for Comments 20), proposed by Fabian Vogelsteller
in November 2015, is a Token Standard that implements an API for tokens within
Smart Contracts.

Example functionalities ERC-20 provides:

  * transfer tokens from one account to another
  * get the current token balance of an account
  * get the total supply of the token available on the network
  * approve whether an amount of token from an account can be spent by a third-party account

If a Smart Contract implements the following methods and events it can be
called an ERC-20 Token Contract and, once deployed, it will be responsible to
keep track of the created tokens on Ethereum.

From [EIP-20(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20):

### Methods

    
    
    1function name() public view returns (string)
    
    2function symbol() public view returns (string)
    
    3function decimals() public view returns (uint8)
    
    4function totalSupply() public view returns (uint256)
    
    5function balanceOf(address _owner) public view returns (uint256 balance)
    
    6function transfer(address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success)
    
    7function transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success)
    
    8function approve(address _spender, uint256 _value) public returns (bool success)
    
    9function allowance(address _owner, address _spender) public view returns (uint256 remaining)
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Events

    
    
    1event Transfer(address indexed _from, address indexed _to, uint256 _value)
    
    2event Approval(address indexed _owner, address indexed _spender, uint256 _value)
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Examples

Let's see how a Standard is so important to make things simple for us to
inspect any ERC-20 Token Contract on Ethereum. We just need the Contract
Application Binary Interface (ABI) to create an interface to any ERC-20 Token.
As you can see below we will use a simplified ABI, to make it a low friction
example.

#### Web3.py Example

First, make sure you have installed [Web3.py(opens in a new
tab)](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/quickstart.html#installation)
Python library:

    
    
    1pip install web3
    
    
    1from web3 import Web3
    
    2
    
    3
    
    4w3 = Web3(Web3.HTTPProvider("https://cloudflare-eth.com"))
    
    5
    
    6dai_token_addr = "0x6B175474E89094C44Da98b954EedeAC495271d0F"     # DAI
    
    7weth_token_addr = "0xC02aaA39b223FE8D0A0e5C4F27eAD9083C756Cc2"    # Wrapped ether (WETH)
    
    8
    
    9acc_address = "0xA478c2975Ab1Ea89e8196811F51A7B7Ade33eB11"        # Uniswap V2: DAI 2
    
    10
    
    11# This is a simplified Contract Application Binary Interface (ABI) of an ERC-20 Token Contract.
    
    12# It will expose only the methods: balanceOf(address), decimals(), symbol() and totalSupply()
    
    13simplified_abi = [
    
    14    {
    
    15        'inputs': [{'internalType': 'address', 'name': 'account', 'type': 'address'}],
    
    16        'name': 'balanceOf',
    
    17        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'uint256', 'name': '', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    18        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    19    },
    
    20    {
    
    21        'inputs': [],
    
    22        'name': 'decimals',
    
    23        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'uint8', 'name': '', 'type': 'uint8'}],
    
    24        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    25    },
    
    26    {
    
    27        'inputs': [],
    
    28        'name': 'symbol',
    
    29        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'string', 'name': '', 'type': 'string'}],
    
    30        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    31    },
    
    32    {
    
    33        'inputs': [],
    
    34        'name': 'totalSupply',
    
    35        'outputs': [{'internalType': 'uint256', 'name': '', 'type': 'uint256'}],
    
    36        'stateMutability': 'view', 'type': 'function', 'constant': True
    
    37    }
    
    38]
    
    39
    
    40dai_contract = w3.eth.contract(address=w3.to_checksum_address(dai_token_addr), abi=simplified_abi)
    
    41symbol = dai_contract.functions.symbol().call()
    
    42decimals = dai_contract.functions.decimals().call()
    
    43totalSupply = dai_contract.functions.totalSupply().call() / 10**decimals
    
    44addr_balance = dai_contract.functions.balanceOf(acc_address).call() / 10**decimals
    
    45
    
    46#  DAI
    
    47print("===== %s =====" % symbol)
    
    48print("Total Supply:", totalSupply)
    
    49print("Addr Balance:", addr_balance)
    
    50
    
    51weth_contract = w3.eth.contract(address=w3.to_checksum_address(weth_token_addr), abi=simplified_abi)
    
    52symbol = weth_contract.functions.symbol().call()
    
    53decimals = weth_contract.functions.decimals().call()
    
    54totalSupply = weth_contract.functions.totalSupply().call() / 10**decimals
    
    55addr_balance = weth_contract.functions.balanceOf(acc_address).call() / 10**decimals
    
    56
    
    57#  WETH
    
    58print("===== %s =====" % symbol)
    
    59print("Total Supply:", totalSupply)
    
    60print("Addr Balance:", addr_balance)
    
    Show all
    
    ![📋](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Further reading

  * [EIP-20: ERC-20 Token Standard(opens in a new tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20)
  * [OpenZeppelin - Tokens(opens in a new tab)](https://docs.openzeppelin.com/contracts/3.x/tokens#ERC20)
  * [OpenZeppelin - ERC-20 Implementation(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/OpenZeppelin/openzeppelin-contracts/blob/master/contracts/token/ERC20/ERC20.sol)
  * [Alchemy - Guide to Solidity ERC20 Tokens(opens in a new tab)](https://www.alchemy.com/overviews/erc20-solidity)

back-to-top ↑

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![👈](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

![👉](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Introduction
    * Prerequisites
    * Body
      * Methods
      * Events
      * Examples
    * Further reading

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

### Ether

The native cryptocurrency of Ethereum, commonly referred to as “ETH”. It is
used to cover transaction fees when using Ethereum ecosystem and applications.
[More on ether](/en/eth/).

