  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner’s Guide to Uniswap (UNI)](/blog/a-beginners-guide-to-uniswap)

##### Guides

# A Beginner’s Guide to Uniswap (UNI)

Published on: Feb 26, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is the Uniswap Protocol?**
  * **What is the UNI Token?**
  * **How to Buy Uniswap (UNI) Using Trust Wallet**
  * **How to Deposit Uniswap (UNI) to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Dive into our beginner's guide to Uniswap. Learn how UNI tokens function, how
to buy UNI through Trust Wallet, and much more in this comprehensive overview.

![A Beginner’s Guide to Uniswap
\(UNI\)](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_07328d6bc1.png&w=3840&q=75)

This guide offers a comprehensive look at
[Uniswap](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-wallet), tracing its origins back to
a concept proposed by Ethereum's co-founder, its development by Hayden Adams,
and its rise to prominence within the DeFi sector. We delve into the mechanics
of liquidity pools, the algorithmic determination of prices, and the
protocol's contributions to improving liquidity and reducing slippage in
decentralized trading. The exploration extends to the UNI token, detailing its
role in governance, distribution mechanisms, and its impact on the protocol's
democratic and community-centric governance model. Through this objective
lens, we aim to provide a foundational understanding of Uniswap's function,
significance, and its evolving landscape in the broader context of digital
finance

Before we get started, remember that you can easily deposit, manage, buy, and
sell the Uniswap (UNI) token using Trust Wallet.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

## What is the Uniswap Protocol?

[Uniswap](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-wallet) is a decentralized finance
(DeFi) protocol that facilitates automated transactions between cryptocurrency
tokens on the [Ethereum blockchain](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet)
through the use of smart contracts. It's an example of an automated market
maker (AMM), a critical component of the DeFi ecosystem, providing liquidity
to the market through a series of decentralized liquidity pools.

Uniswap was created by Hayden Adams in 2018, inspired by a concept proposed by
Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin. Adams, a mechanical engineer by training,
entered the blockchain space with little initial knowledge of cryptocurrencies
but quickly grasped the potential impact of decentralized exchanges. Uniswap
launched in November 2018, aiming to solve key issues in decentralized
trading, such as liquidity and slippage, by allowing users to trade without
intermediaries and with high efficiency and security.

### How Uniswap Works

The core principle behind Uniswap is the use of liquidity pools rather than
traditional market-making mechanisms. In these pools, tokens are traded
automatically without the need for order books, using an equation that sets
the price based on the balance of two tokens in a pool. This approach allows
Uniswap to provide constant on-chain liquidity between any two Ethereum-based
assets.

![uniswap-beginners-guide-5.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_5_3053176ec6.png&w=3840&q=75)

**Liquidity Pools and Trading:** Uniswap allows users to swap ERC-20 tokens
without the need for a traditional buyer and seller to create a market.
Instead, users lock tokens into smart contracts, creating liquidity pools from
which others can trade. Prices for these trades are determined by a
mathematical formula based on the relative supply of the two tokens in the
pool.

**Yield Farming and Incentives:** Liquidity providers earn fees from trades
that happen in their pool, incentivizing the provision of liquidity. This
mechanism not only facilitates trading but also allows liquidity providers to
earn a return on their holdings.

**Version Updates:** Since its inception, Uniswap has seen several version
updates, each introducing new features and improvements. The most notable,
Uniswap V2 and V3, have introduced functionalities such as price oracles,
improved liquidity provision efficiency, and concentrated liquidity, allowing
liquidity providers to allocate their capital within specific price ranges.

Uniswap has played a pivotal role in the [DeFi](https://trustwallet.com/)
movement, significantly lowering the barrier to entry for liquidity providers
and traders alike. Its innovative approach to decentralized trading has
inspired a plethora of other AMM protocols across various blockchains. The
protocol's success has demonstrated the potential for DeFi to offer viable
alternatives to traditional financial systems, with Uniswap at the forefront
of this transformation.

Uniswap is an important protocol within the [Ethereum
ecosystem](https://trustwallet.com/pt-PT/blog/how-to-buy-ethereum-using-trust-
wallet-a-visual-guide), continually evolving to meet the demands of the DeFi
space. Its creation and ongoing development reflect the dynamic and innovative
nature of decentralized finance, offering users around the globe
permissionless access to digital asset trading and liquidity provision
opportunities.

## What is the UNI Token?

The [UNI token](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-wallet) is the native
governance token of the Uniswap protocol, a leading decentralized finance
(DeFi) platform that facilitates automated trading of decentralized finance
(DeFi) tokens. Introduced in September 2020, the UNI token was launched to
decentralize the governance of the Uniswap protocol, enabling community-led
growth and development.

**Purpose and Functionality:** The primary function of the UNI token is to
facilitate governance within the Uniswap ecosystem. Token holders can propose
changes to the protocol, vote on proposed changes, and participate in the
management of the Uniswap treasury, protocol fee switch, and other key
decisions affecting the platform. Essentially, UNI tokens give holders a say
in the direction and implementation of protocol upgrades and community
initiatives.

**Distribution and Allocation:** The [UNI
token](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-wallet) launch was notable for its
broad and equitable distribution. A significant portion of the total supply
was allocated to previous users of the protocol through an airdrop, rewarding
early adopters and users with a stake in its future governance. Additional
allocations were made to liquidity providers, the Uniswap treasury, team
members, and future governance initiatives, ensuring a wide distribution of
governance power.

![uniswap-beginners-guide-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_3_441cd160e9.png&w=3840&q=75)

### UNI Token Use Cases

**Governance:** The primary use case for UNI tokens is to participate in
governance votes, helping decide on changes to the protocol and the use of
community treasury funds.

**Liquidity Mining:** Uniswap has periodically enabled liquidity mining
programs where users can earn UNI by providing liquidity to selected pools on
the platform.

**Community Treasury:** The UNI token governs Uniswap’s community treasury,
which accumulates funds that can be used for various purposes as decided by
UNI holders, such as grants, strategic partnerships, additional liquidity
mining programs, and other initiatives to support the ecosystem's growth.

### Incentives for UNI Holders

As of writing of this article, [Uniswap](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-
wallet) has recently announced significant updates to its governance model,
aiming to enhance the protocol's growth and success by incentivizing UNI token
holders through staking rewards. This update involves a large-scale overhaul
designed to encourage active, engaged, and thoughtful participation among its
community. The proposal focuses on rewarding [UNI
token](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-wallet) holders who stake and delegate
their tokens, with the intention of fostering a more engaged and responsible
delegate community. This approach is expected to align rewards with active
governance participation, promoting long-term sustainability and growth for
the Uniswap ecosystem.

At the core of the proposed upgrades are two new smart contracts:
V3FactoryOwner.sol and UniStaker.sol. These contracts are designed to
facilitate the permissionless collection of protocol fees and their pro-rata
distribution to engaged UNI token holders. The V3FactoryOwner.sol contract
allows for the collection of fees from the pools within the Uniswap protocol,
incentivizing external parties to deposit a specific amount (recommended to be
10 WETH) to claim these fees, which are then distributed to UNI stakers via
the UniStaker.sol contract. This contract, in turn, manages the delegation and
fee distribution, requiring accounts to delegate their UNI tokens to earn a
share of the protocol fees.

The announcement of these governance and staking reward mechanisms has had a
significant impact on the market, with the price of UNI tokens experiencing a
sharp increase. This response from the
[cryptocurrency](https://trustwallet.com/) market underscores the community's
support for initiatives that aim to enhance governance participation and
reward mechanisms within the Uniswap ecosystem.

For those interested in engaging with Uniswap's updated governance model, the
process involves staking UNI tokens and participating in the governance
through delegation. The proposal's technical details and its impact on
Uniswap's governance and token economy reflect a strategic move towards a more
decentralized and engaged community governance structure, aiming to secure
Uniswap's position as a leading decentralized finance (DeFi) protocol for the
long term.

## How to Buy Uniswap (UNI) Using Trust Wallet

You can easily buy UNI tokens using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners.
Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen

  * Search for “UNI” or “Uniswap” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of UNI you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![uniswap-beginners-guide-4.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_4_7cf3363c5a.gif&w=3840&q=75)

## How to Deposit Uniswap (UNI) to Your Trust Wallet Address

In addition to buying UNI directly using Trust Wallet, you can also deposit
UNI from another wallet address or from a centralized exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen

  * Search for “UNI” or “Uniswap” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

### Access the Uniswap App Using Trust Wallet

Even though you can swap crypto directly in Trust Wallet, you can also connect
to Uniswap to explore any swap pairs that may not be available directly in
Trust Wallet. And whether you’re using the Trust Wallet mobile app or browser
extension the process is seamless.

In this example we’ll have a look at how it’s done with the mobile app.

  * Choose “Browser” in the bottom row of the home screen.

  * Go to app.uniswap.org and select “Done”.

  * Select “Connect wallet”.

![uniswap-beginners-guide-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_1_520b672402.png&w=3840&q=75)

  * Choose Trust Wallet.

  * Select “Connect”

![uniswap-beginners-guide-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Funiswap_beginners_guide_2_5d9de90c41.png&w=3840&q=75)

And that’s it. Now you’re connected to Uniswap via your Trust Wallet.

### Closing Thoughts

[Uniswap](https://trustwallet.com/uniswap-wallet) has been a mainstay in
[Web3](https://trustwallet.com/) for years and looks poised to continue
contributing significantly to the future of decentralized finance (DeFi). This
beginner's guide has taken you through the essentials of the UNI token, how to
acquire it via Trust Wallet, and the critical role Uniswap plays within the
expansive [DeFi ecosystem](https://trustwallet.com/). As we draw this
exploration to a close, it's crucial to always do your research, and to
remember that the world of DeFi is constantly evolving. Explore DeFi using
Trust Wallet and stay tuned for more.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
blog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

