  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >
[Cryptocurrency](/blog?category=Cryptocurrency)  >  [Bitcoin Cycle Tops:
Explained](/blog/bitcoin-cycle-tops-explained)

##### Cryptocurrency

# Bitcoin Cycle Tops: Explained

Published on: May 9, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What are Bitcoin Cycle Tops?**
  * **Exploring Bitcoin Cycles**
  * **The History of Bitcoin Cycle Tops**
  * **Popular Indicators Used to Predict Bitcoin Cycle Tops**
  * **How to Receive Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Explore the historical narrative of Bitcoin cycle tops. Learn about popular
indicators investors use to predict cycle tops.

![Bitcoin Cycle Tops: Explained](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_cycle_tops_65f34ebbce.png&w=3840&q=75)

[Bitcoin](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) has a remarkable
history, marked by cycles of explosive growth followed by correction and
consolidation periods. These cycles have become a defining feature of the
[cryptocurrency](https://trustwallet.com) market, offering both potential
rewards and significant risks for Bitcoin holders who aim to take advantage of
these market conditions. So in this article, we explore the historical
narrative of Bitcoin cycle tops. We’ll also outline some of the popular
indicators used by investors to anticipate these pivotal moments.

_**Note:** This article should not be considered financial advice. It contains
information based on historical events. We encourage you to do your own
research before interacting with or holding any cryptocurrencies._

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Bitcoin cycle tops in more detail, remember that you can
buy, sell, receive and store
[Bitcoin](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp&referrer=utm_source%3Dseoblog)
using Trust Wallet.

Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install
the Trust Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![bitcoin-cycle-tops-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_cycle_tops_3_7e4274bb77.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What are Bitcoin Cycle Tops?

A Bitcoin cycle top is the pinnacle of a bull run, before the price starts
undergoing a significant correction, or entering a prolonged [bear market
phase](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-bull-market-vs-bear-market-a-
beginners-guide). Identifying cycle tops is crucial for investors seeking to
navigate the volatile cryptocurrency markets effectively and capitalize on
opportunities.

The significance of understanding cycle tops goes beyond mere profit
potential. It empowers investors with informed decision-making. By recognizing
the cyclical nature of [Bitcoin's price
movements](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-major-bitcoin-price-
movements-a-beginners-guide), investors can develop a strategic approach to
buying and selling, potentially mitigating risk and maximizing returns. This
knowledge helps navigate the ever-shifting tides of the cryptocurrency market
with greater confidence.

It is, however, important to remember that predicting cycle tops with perfect
accuracy is incredibly challenging, particularly from a historical
perspective. The cryptocurrency market is inherently volatile and susceptible
to unforeseen events or sudden shifts in market sentiment. While some
indicators may offer clues, they shouldn't be considered definitive signals.

## Exploring Bitcoin Cycles

Bitcoin's price history unfolds in a series of cycles, each marked by distinct
phases:

### Bull Run Phase

This initial phase witnesses a surge in the [Bitcoin
price](https://trustwallet.com/blog/understanding-major-bitcoin-price-
movements-a-beginners-guide), often fueled by various factors. Increased media
attention acts as a catalyst, igniting public interest and attracting new
investors. Technological advancements within the Bitcoin ecosystem, like
scaling solutions or enhanced usability, boost investor confidence and fuel a
[Bitcoin bull run](https://trustwallet.com/de/blog/the-history-of-bitcoin-
bull-runs).

As more people look towards investing in alternative asset classes like
Bitcoin, its utility and potential as a store of value increase. This wider
adoption creates a positive feedback loop, attracting further investment and
driving the Bitcoin price upwards.

### Peak and Correction Phase

As the bull run reaches its peak, we witness the cycle top. This peak
signifies the highest point before the Bitcoin price undergoes a significant
correction.

During the peak phase, investor optimism and buying pressure drive the price
of the cryptocurrency higher, often fueled by factors such as positive news,
speculation, or market trends. This phase can be characterized by significant
volatility and rapid price increases as FOMO (fear of missing out) drives more
investors to buy in. This is when the market sentiment is the most bullish,
and where prices often reach new All-Time Highs (ATHs).

After reaching a peak, however, the market typically enters into a correction
phase where the price retraces or stabilizes. This correction can be triggered
by profit-taking, regulatory concerns, or simply a natural cooling-off period
after a period of rapid growth. During this phase, some investors may sell
their holdings to lock in profits or cut losses, leading to downward pressure
on the price.

It's important to note that the duration and intensity of both the peak and
correction phases can vary widely depending on various factors such as market
sentiment, investor behavior and other external events.

### Bear Market Phase

Following the peak, a correction sets in, marking the beginning of a bear
market. During this bear market phase, prices typically experience a sustained
downward trend, often accompanied by decreased trading volume and heightened
negative sentiment. Despite occasional bursts of volatility, bear markets tend
to persist for an extended duration, ranging from months to years.

## The History of Bitcoin Cycle Tops

Exploring historical Bitcoin cycle tops provides valuable insights into the
dynamics of the cryptocurrency market. Let's explore some of the most notable
historical Bitcoin cycle tops:

  * **2011 Bitcoin cycle top:** Bitcoin's first significant bull run saw a peak of nearly $32 in November, fueled by early adopters and media hype. A lack of regulation and security breaches, however, triggered a sharp correction.

  * **2013 Bitcoin cycle top:** A renewed wave of interest propelled Bitcoin to a high of $1,163 in December, driven by institutional recognition and expanding merchant adoption. Regulatory concerns and internal exchange issues then caused a price decline.

  * **2017 Bitcoin cycle top:** The most well-known bull run. The [Bitcoin All-Time High (ATH)](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-high-can-the-bitcoin-price-go) peaked at $19,892 in December. This meteoric rise was fueled by factors like Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs), increased media coverage, and growing mainstream interest. The inevitable correction followed, with the price plummeting to around $3,000 within a year.

  * **2021 Bitcoin cycle top:** Following the 2020 halving, Bitcoin embarked on another major bull run. The new Bitcoin all-time high was set at $68,789 in November 2021.

  * **2023 Bitcoin cycle top:** Bitcoin rebonded again in late 2023, with many attributing the surge to easing macroeconomic concerns and growing institutional adoption. This cycle top saw Bitcoin reach a new high of $73,738 in March 2024.

![bitcoin-cycle-tops-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_cycle_tops_1_2f631aa415.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Popular Indicators Used to Predict Bitcoin Cycle Tops

Many cryptocurrency traders and investors utilize various technical indicators
to identify potential turning points in the market, including Bitcoin cycle
tops. While not foolproof, these indicators can provide valuable insights when
used in conjunction with other analysis methods. Let’s explore some of the
most popular indicators for predicting Bitcoin cycle tops:

### Moving Averages

Moving averages, such as the 50-day and 200-day moving averages, are widely
used to identify trends and potential reversal points in Bitcoin's price
trajectory. When shorter-term moving averages cross below longer-term moving
averages, it may signal a bearish trend reversal, while the opposite scenario
may indicate a bullish trend continuation.

### Relative Strength Index (RSI)

The RSI measures the magnitude of recent price changes to assess whether an
asset is overbought or oversold. High RSI values suggest overbought
conditions, potentially signaling an impending price correction, while low RSI
values may indicate oversold conditions and a potential buying opportunity.

### On-Balance Volume (OBV)

OBV tracks the cumulative volume flow of Bitcoin, with rising OBV indicating
increasing buying pressure and falling OBV suggesting increasing selling
pressure. Divergences between OBV and price movements may foreshadow trend
reversals or continuation.

### Fibonacci Retracement Levels

Fibonacci retracement levels are based on mathematical ratios and are used to
identify potential support and resistance levels in Bitcoin's price movement.
Traders often use these levels to anticipate price reversals or consolidation
zones during market cycles.

## How to Receive Bitcoin Using Trust Wallet

In addition to buying BTC using Trust Wallet, you can also receive
[BTC](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto/bitcoin) from another [Bitcoin
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/bitcoin-wallet) or from a centralized
exchange. Here’s how:

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Bitcoin” or “BTC” and select it.

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other wallet to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto from your exchange account.

![bitcoin-cycle-tops-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fbitcoin_cycle_tops_2_e9de280f7a.gif&w=3840&q=75)

### Closing Thoughts

Predicting [Bitcoin](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8) cycle tops is inherently
challenging and fraught with limitations and uncertainties. Market dynamics
are influenced by a myriad of factors, including investor sentiment,
regulatory developments, technological advancements, and macroeconomic trends.
While various indicators and analytical tools can provide valuable insights,
they are not foolproof and may produce false signals or lag behind market
movements. Additionally, the cryptocurrency market is known for its volatility
and unpredictability, making accurate timing of cycle tops historically
difficult, and in some ways unpredictable.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

