[![Hivemapper
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/explorer)

Build the Map

Use the Map

[![Bee Blog
Icon](data:image/svg+xml;base64,PHN2ZyB3aWR0aD0iMTc4IiBoZWlnaHQ9IjU1IiB2aWV3Qm94PSIwIDAgMTc4IDU1IiBmaWxsPSJub25lIiB4bWxucz0iaHR0cDovL3d3dy53My5vcmcvMjAwMC9zdmciPgo8cGF0aCBmaWxsLXJ1bGU9ImV2ZW5vZGQiIGNsaXAtcnVsZT0iZXZlbm9kZCIgZD0iTTQzLjE3NDkgOS40Mzg3TDQ2LjcxMjcgMTUuNTc3MUw0NC4yNDQxIDIwLjAzODlDNDcuNTU0OSAyNC4wMzY4IDQ5LjU2MzMgMjguOTUxOSA0OS45OTk5IDM0LjEyNDNDNTAuNDM2NCAzOS4yOTY3IDQ5LjI4MDEgNDQuNDc4OSA0Ni42ODYzIDQ4Ljk3NTFDNDUuODY2OCA1MC4zODQ3IDQ0LjkxMTggNTEuNzExMSA0My44MzQ5IDUyLjkzNTNMMzYuMjU3NiAzOS43MzQ1TDE1Ljc5NjQgMjcuODUzOEgwLjYxNTQ3OUMxLjE1MDc5IDI2LjI5NzMgMS44MzE0MyAyNC43OTQ1IDIuNjQ4NCAyMy4zNjU1QzUuMjQ1MDYgMTguODcwMSA5LjE1NSAxNS4yNzY4IDEzLjg1MzIgMTMuMDY4MUMxOC41NTE0IDEwLjg1OTUgMjMuODEyOSAxMC4xNDExIDI4LjkzMTIgMTEuMDA5NkwzMS4zOTk3IDYuODExNzRIMzguNTQxNEwzNC41ODExIDAuMDAwMTMxNTA2QzM1LjUyNDYgLTAuMDA2NDQ0ODEgMzYuNDUzNCAwLjIzMzczNSAzNy4yNzU1IDAuNjk2ODVDMzguMDk3NSAxLjE1OTk3IDM4Ljc4NDIgMS44Mjk5MyAzOS4yNjc0IDIuNjQwMjlMNDEuNjE3MiA2LjczMjU0SDQ2LjMyOThDNDcuMjggNi43MzEzNiA0OC4yMTM3IDYuOTgwOTYgNDkuMDM2NSA3LjQ1NjExQzQ5Ljg1OTMgNy45MzEyNyA1MC41NDIyIDguNjE1MTYgNTEuMDE2MSA5LjQzODdINDMuMTc0OVpNMzAuNjYwNSAyOS45Mzk1TDM2LjQ0MjQgMzMuMjc5M0wzOS42NzY2IDI3Ljc0ODJMMjQuMzc2OSAxOC45MTY5TDIxLjE2OTEgMjQuNDQ4TDI3LjAxNzEgMjcuODI3NEwzMC42NjA1IDI5LjkzOTVaTTMyLjk5NzggNDUuNTAyNkgxOS4yMjk0TDEyLjMzODUgMzMuNTgyM0wzMi45OTc4IDQ1LjUwMjZaIiBmaWxsPSIjOTFCQ0ZEIi8+CjxwYXRoIGQ9Ik0xNjEuNjAyIDU0LjU5OTZDMTU4Ljg5IDU0LjU5OTYgMTU2LjI2OCA1NC4yNDg1IDE1My43MzUgNTMuNTQ2NEMxNTEuMjM3IDUyLjg4MTMgMTQ5LjE1IDUxLjg2NTEgMTQ3LjQ3MyA1MC40OTc4TDE1MC43OTEgNDQuMjg5OEMxNTIuMDA0IDQ1LjMyNDUgMTUzLjUzOCA0Ni4xMzc0IDE1NS4zOTQgNDYuNzI4N0MxNTcuMjg1IDQ3LjM1NjkgMTU5LjE0IDQ3LjY3MSAxNjAuOTYgNDcuNjcxQzE2My45MjEgNDcuNjcxIDE2Ni4wNjIgNDYuOTg3MyAxNjcuMzgyIDQ1LjYyMDFDMTY4LjczOCA0NC4yNTI4IDE2OS40MTYgNDIuMjIwNCAxNjkuNDE2IDM5LjUyMjlWMzUuMDMzMUwxNjkuOTUxIDI3LjU1MDJMMTY5Ljg0NCAyMC4wMTE5VjEzLjU4MjFIMTc3Ljc2NVYzOC40MTQzQzE3Ny43NjUgNDMuOTU3MiAxNzYuMzczIDQ4LjA0MDUgMTczLjU5IDUwLjY2NDFDMTcwLjgwNyA1My4yODc4IDE2Ni44MTEgNTQuNTk5NiAxNjEuNjAyIDU0LjU5OTZaTTE2MC4zMTcgNDEuOTYxOEMxNTcuNjQyIDQxLjk2MTggMTU1LjIxNSA0MS4zNzA1IDE1My4wMzkgNDAuMTg4QzE1MC44OTggMzguOTY4NiAxNDkuMTY4IDM3LjI4NzIgMTQ3Ljg0OCAzNS4xNDRDMTQ2LjU2MyAzMi45NjM4IDE0NS45MjEgMzAuNDMyNSAxNDUuOTIxIDI3LjU1MDJDMTQ1LjkyMSAyNC42MzEgMTQ2LjU2MyAyMi4wOTk3IDE0Ny44NDggMTkuOTU2NEMxNDkuMTY4IDE3Ljc3NjIgMTUwLjg5OCAxNi4wOTQ5IDE1My4wMzkgMTQuOTEyNEMxNTUuMjE1IDEzLjcyOTkgMTU3LjY0MiAxMy4xMzg3IDE2MC4zMTcgMTMuMTM4N0MxNjIuNzQ0IDEzLjEzODcgMTY0Ljg4NCAxMy42NTYgMTY2Ljc0IDE0LjY5MDdDMTY4LjU5NSAxNS42ODg0IDE3MC4wNCAxNy4yNTg5IDE3MS4wNzUgMTkuNDAyMUMxNzIuMTA5IDIxLjUwODUgMTcyLjYyNyAyNC4yMjQ1IDE3Mi42MjcgMjcuNTUwMkMxNzIuNjI3IDMwLjgzOSAxNzIuMTA5IDMzLjU1NSAxNzEuMDc1IDM1LjY5ODNDMTcwLjA0IDM3LjgwNDYgMTY4LjU5NSAzOS4zNzUxIDE2Ni43NCA0MC40MDk4QzE2NC44ODQgNDEuNDQ0NCAxNjIuNzQ0IDQxLjk2MTggMTYwLjMxNyA0MS45NjE4Wk0xNjEuOTc3IDM0Ljg2NjhDMTYzLjQzOSAzNC44NjY4IDE2NC43NDIgMzQuNTcxMiAxNjUuODgzIDMzLjk4QzE2Ny4wMjUgMzMuMzUxOCAxNjcuOTE3IDMyLjQ4MzQgMTY4LjU1OSAzMS4zNzQ4QzE2OS4yMDIgMzAuMjY2MiAxNjkuNTIzIDI4Ljk5MTQgMTY5LjUyMyAyNy41NTAyQzE2OS41MjMgMjYuMDcyMSAxNjkuMjAyIDI0Ljc5NzIgMTY4LjU1OSAyMy43MjU2QzE2Ny45MTcgMjIuNjE3IDE2Ny4wMjUgMjEuNzY3MSAxNjUuODgzIDIxLjE3NTlDMTY0Ljc0MiAyMC41NDc3IDE2My40MzkgMjAuMjMzNiAxNjEuOTc3IDIwLjIzMzZDMTYwLjUxNCAyMC4yMzM2IDE1OS4yMTEgMjAuNTQ3NyAxNTguMDcgMjEuMTc1OUMxNTYuOTI4IDIxLjc2NzEgMTU2LjAxOCAyMi42MTcgMTU1LjM0IDIzLjcyNTZDMTU0LjY5OCAyNC43OTcyIDE1NC4zNzcgMjYuMDcyMSAxNTQuMzc3IDI3LjU1MDJDMTU0LjM3NyAyOC45OTE0IDE1NC42OTggMzAuMjY2MiAxNTUuMzQgMzEuMzc0OEMxNTYuMDE4IDMyLjQ4MzQgMTU2LjkyOCAzMy4zNTE4IDE1OC4wNyAzMy45OEMxNTkuMjExIDM0LjU3MTIgMTYwLjUxNCAzNC44NjY4IDE2MS45NzcgMzQuODY2OFoiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIi8+CjxwYXRoIGQ9Ik0xMjYuNzE3IDQzLjg0NjRDMTIzLjY0OCA0My44NDY0IDEyMC45MTkgNDMuMTgxMiAxMTguNTI4IDQxLjg1MDlDMTE2LjE3NCA0MC41MjA2IDExNC4zIDM4LjcwOTkgMTEyLjkwOSAzNi40MTg5QzExMS41NTMgMzQuMDkwOCAxMTAuODc1IDMxLjQ0ODcgMTEwLjg3NSAyOC40OTI1QzExMC44NzUgMjUuNDk5MyAxMTEuNTUzIDIyLjg1NzIgMTEyLjkwOSAyMC41NjYyQzExNC4zIDE4LjIzODEgMTE2LjE3NCAxNi40Mjc1IDExOC41MjggMTUuMTM0MUMxMjAuOTE5IDEzLjgwMzggMTIzLjY0OCAxMy4xMzg3IDEyNi43MTcgMTMuMTM4N0MxMjkuNzUgMTMuMTM4NyAxMzIuNDYxIDEzLjgwMzggMTM0Ljg1MiAxNS4xMzQxQzEzNy4yNDIgMTYuNDI3NSAxMzkuMTE1IDE4LjIxOTcgMTQwLjQ3MSAyMC41MTA3QzE0MS44MjcgMjIuODAxOCAxNDIuNTA1IDI1LjQ2MjQgMTQyLjUwNSAyOC40OTI1QzE0Mi41MDUgMzEuNDQ4NyAxNDEuODI3IDM0LjA5MDggMTQwLjQ3MSAzNi40MTg5QzEzOS4xMTUgMzguNzA5OSAxMzcuMjQyIDQwLjUyMDYgMTM0Ljg1MiA0MS44NTA5QzEzMi40NjEgNDMuMTgxMiAxMjkuNzUgNDMuODQ2NCAxMjYuNzE3IDQzLjg0NjRaTTEyNi43MTcgMzYuNzUxNEMxMjguMTA4IDM2Ljc1MTQgMTI5LjM1NyAzNi40MTg5IDEzMC40NjMgMzUuNzUzN0MxMzEuNTY5IDM1LjA4ODYgMTMyLjQ0MyAzNC4xNDYzIDEzMy4wODYgMzIuOTI2OEMxMzMuNzI4IDMxLjY3MDQgMTM0LjA0OSAzMC4xOTIzIDEzNC4wNDkgMjguNDkyNUMxMzQuMDQ5IDI2Ljc1NTcgMTMzLjcyOCAyNS4yNzc2IDEzMy4wODYgMjQuMDU4MkMxMzIuNDQzIDIyLjgzODggMTMxLjU2OSAyMS44OTY1IDEzMC40NjMgMjEuMjMxM0MxMjkuMzU3IDIwLjU2NjIgMTI4LjEwOCAyMC4yMzM2IDEyNi43MTcgMjAuMjMzNkMxMjUuMzI1IDIwLjIzMzYgMTI0LjA3NyAyMC41NjYyIDEyMi45NyAyMS4yMzEzQzEyMS44NjQgMjEuODk2NSAxMjAuOTcyIDIyLjgzODggMTIwLjI5NSAyNC4wNTgyQzExOS42NTIgMjUuMjc3NiAxMTkuMzMxIDI2Ljc1NTcgMTE5LjMzMSAyOC40OTI1QzExOS4zMzEgMzAuMTkyMyAxMTkuNjUyIDMxLjY3MDQgMTIwLjI5NSAzMi45MjY4QzEyMC45NzIgMzQuMTQ2MyAxMjEuODY0IDM1LjA4ODYgMTIyLjk3IDM1Ljc1MzdDMTI0LjA3NyAzNi40MTg5IDEyNS4zMjUgMzYuNzUxNCAxMjYuNzE3IDM2Ljc1MTRaIiBmaWxsPSJ3aGl0ZSIvPgo8cGF0aCBkPSJNOTkuMDU5MSA0My40MDMyVjIuMjc0OUgxMDcuNDA4VjQzLjQwMzJIOTkuMDU5MVoiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIi8+CjxwYXRoIGQ9Ik04MS4yNjc4IDQzLjg0NjdDNzguNzM0NSA0My44NDY3IDc2LjU1ODEgNDMuMjkyNCA3NC43Mzg1IDQyLjE4MzhDNzIuOTE4OCA0MS4wNzUyIDcxLjUyNzMgMzkuMzkzOSA3MC41NjQgMzcuMTM5OEM2OS42MDA3IDM0Ljg0ODcgNjkuMTE5IDMxLjk2NjQgNjkuMTE5IDI4LjQ5MjhDNjkuMTE5IDI0Ljk4MjMgNjkuNjE4NSAyMi4xIDcwLjYxNzUgMTkuODQ1OUM3MS42NTIyIDE3LjU5MTggNzMuMDc5NCAxNS45MTA0IDc0Ljg5OSAxNC44MDE5Qzc2LjcxODcgMTMuNjkzMyA3OC44NDE2IDEzLjEzOSA4MS4yNjc4IDEzLjEzOUM4My45Nzk0IDEzLjEzOSA4Ni40MDU2IDEzLjc2NzIgODguNTQ2MyAxNS4wMjM2QzkwLjcyMjcgMTYuMjggOTIuNDM1MyAxOC4wNTM3IDkzLjY4NDEgMjAuMzQ0OEM5NC45Njg2IDIyLjYzNTggOTUuNjEwOCAyNS4zNTE5IDk1LjYxMDggMjguNDkyOEM5NS42MTA4IDMxLjU5NjkgOTQuOTY4NiAzNC4yOTQ0IDkzLjY4NDEgMzYuNTg1NUM5Mi40MzUzIDM4Ljg3NjUgOTAuNzIyNyA0MC42Njg3IDg4LjU0NjMgNDEuOTYyMUM4Ni40MDU2IDQzLjIxODUgODMuOTc5NCA0My44NDY3IDgxLjI2NzggNDMuODQ2N1pNNjQuMjQ4OCA0My40MDMyVjIuMjc0OUg3Mi41OTc3VjE5LjYyNDJMNzIuMDYyNSAyOC40Mzc0TDcyLjIyMzEgMzcuMzA2VjQzLjQwMzJINjQuMjQ4OFpNNzkuODIyNyAzNi43NTE4QzgxLjIxNDIgMzYuNzUxOCA4Mi40NDUyIDM2LjQxOTIgODMuNTE1NSAzNS43NTRDODQuNjIxNiAzNS4wODg5IDg1LjQ5NTcgMzQuMTQ2NiA4Ni4xMzggMzIuOTI3MkM4Ni44MTU5IDMxLjY3MDggODcuMTU0OCAzMC4xOTI3IDg3LjE1NDggMjguNDkyOEM4Ny4xNTQ4IDI2Ljc1NjEgODYuODE1OSAyNS4yNzggODYuMTM4IDI0LjA1ODVDODUuNDk1NyAyMi44MzkxIDg0LjYyMTYgMjEuODk2OCA4My41MTU1IDIxLjIzMTZDODIuNDQ1MiAyMC41NjY1IDgxLjIxNDIgMjAuMjMzOSA3OS44MjI3IDIwLjIzMzlDNzguNDMxMyAyMC4yMzM5IDc3LjE4MjUgMjAuNTY2NSA3Ni4wNzY0IDIxLjIzMTZDNzQuOTcwNCAyMS44OTY4IDc0LjA5NjIgMjIuODM5MSA3My40NTQgMjQuMDU4NUM3Mi44MTE4IDI1LjI3OCA3Mi40OTA3IDI2Ljc1NjEgNzIuNDkwNyAyOC40OTI4QzcyLjQ5MDcgMzAuMTkyNyA3Mi44MTE4IDMxLjY3MDggNzMuNDU0IDMyLjkyNzJDNzQuMDk2MiAzNC4xNDY2IDc0Ljk3MDQgMzUuMDg4OSA3Ni4wNzY0IDM1Ljc1NEM3Ny4xODI1IDM2LjQxOTIgNzguNDMxMyAzNi43NTE4IDc5LjgyMjcgMzYuNzUxOFoiIGZpbGw9IndoaXRlIi8+Cjwvc3ZnPgo=)The
Latest Buzz](https://hivemapper.com/blog/)

April 19, 2024

# Navigating the Road Ahead: Why Your Fleet Needs âBeeâ Hivemapperâs
Newest Dashcam

![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4WiP2UuVA2VgslKYIKMcOu/49a6bdb55186b99fe43dc94769ab0692/Hivemapper_-
_Why_Your_Fleets_Needs_Bee_-_Hero_-
_v2.2.png?w=750&h=422&q=100&fm=png)![](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4WiP2UuVA2VgslKYIKMcOu/49a6bdb55186b99fe43dc94769ab0692/Hivemapper_-
_Why_Your_Fleets_Needs_Bee_-_Hero_-_v2.2.png?w=750&h=422&q=100&fm=png)

**_Dashcams are no longer optional for your fleet. To stay competitive in the
modern age, you need every edge to protect your drivers and improve your
operation.  _**

Dashcams have become essential tools for modern fleets. They provide
invaluable insights into driver behavior, assist with insurance claims, and
serve as a deterrent to theft and vandalism. However, one common hurdle that
fleet managers face is the high cost associated with acquiring and maintaining
dashcam systems. Between the expensive hardware and/or the recurring monthly
subscription fees, peace of mind comes with a hefty price tag.

[Hivemapper](https://hivemapper.com/fleets/) stands out from traditional
dashcam solutions by not only providing security and telematics features but
also by turning your fleet vehicles into AI mapping machines. This innovative
approach not only enhances safety and efficiency but also offers an
opportunity for fleet operators to earn rewards for their contributions.

Bee Better.

With Hivemapperâs latest dashcam, Bee, youâll unlock passive rewards for
contributing to our decentralized map ecosystem. Our dashcams capture images,
extract intelligence about the world and build useful map products for the $20
billion a year mapping industry.

**Install Bee and get everything you need for your fleet including:**

1\. **High-Quality Imagery:** Hivemapper dashcams capture video with
exceptional 4K resolution. This ensures that you have access to detailed
visuals of your fleet's surroundings, allowing for better decision-making and
analysis.

2\. **Location Monitoring:** With Hivemapper, you can track your vehicles in
real time as they navigate through their routes. This feature provides fleet
managers with invaluable insights into driver behavior, route optimization,
and overall fleet performance.

3\. **AI Event Detection:** In the unfortunate event of an accident,
Hivemapper's AI-powered event detection system immediately notifies fleet
managers, enabling them to respond promptly and effectively. This can help
mitigate potential risks and liabilities associated with accidents.

4\. **Map Data Collection:** Hivemapper dashcams collect data on your fleet's
most frequented routes. This data can be used to identify potential road
hazards, optimize routes, and improve overall operational efficiency.

5\. **Automatic Roadwork Detection:** Hivemapper dashcams automatically detect
roadwork along your fleet's routes, allowing you to proactively adjust routes
and minimize disruptions. This feature helps optimize delivery schedules and
ensures timely arrivals.

6\. **Destination Imagery:** Hivemapper provides imagery of your fleet's
destination, offering valuable insights into entry points, parking areas, and
other relevant details. This ensures smoother operations and enhances overall
customer satisfaction.

Unlike other dashcams, Hivemapper's Bee Dashcam offers affordability with a
flat rate cost of just $569 per unit ($469 for a Wifi-only version), including
a 1-year warranty. Fleets with more than 10 vehicles may qualify for a bulk
discount.

**Drive and Earn Honey Rewards:**

_Hivemapper's Bee Dashcam rewards you as you drive, capturing imagery and
offering rewards based on distance covered, map freshness, and imagery
quality. Rewards are allocated weekly in Honey tokens, which can be sold on
major exchanges like Coinbase._

**Ready to get started? Contact us today through our**[**Contact
Us**](https://hivemapper.com/fleets/#:~:text=EMPOWER%20YOUR%20FLEET-,Get%20In%20Touch,-Join%20the%20ranks)**form.**

Share Post

Latest Posts

[![](data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEASABIAAD/2wBDABALDA4MChAODQ4SERATGCgaGBYWGDEjJR0oOjM9PDkzODdASFxOQERXRTc4UG1RV19iZ2hnPk1xeXBkeFxlZ2P/2wBDARESEhgVGC8aGi9jQjhCY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2P/wAARCAALABQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAGAAAAgMAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQCAwb/xAAhEAACAgAFBQAAAAAAAAAAAAABAgADBBESIaEiMTJRYf/EABYBAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAIAAf/EABYRAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAREv/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8AyteEqsoRjYFZhv0nbmRoGmx6nUPkO4PMUFjgZB2AH2C+UTFmJVRcdClV9GEZVQVBIzMIsKv/2Q==)![Images
Blog Minimake-your-mount-a-4-4-so-we-can-build-better-
maps](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4CU3O2vh1XkEufK4Tbbw2p/fb577bd1bf174df17e35e22e4e97d522/Hivemapper_-
_Make_Your_Mount_-_Landscape_-
_v1.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)![Images Blog Minimake-your-
mount-a-4-4-so-we-can-build-better-
maps](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4CU3O2vh1XkEufK4Tbbw2p/fb577bd1bf174df17e35e22e4e97d522/Hivemapper_-
_Make_Your_Mount_-_Landscape_-
_v1.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)Make Your Mount a 4/4 So We Can
Build Better Maps!May 13, 2024](/blog/make-your-mount-a-4-4-so-we-can-build-
better-
maps)[![](data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAALCAMAAABI111xAAABEVBMVEUKDhQLDhQLDxUpLTIwNDksMDUsLzQmKS9DRks6PUI2OT5AQ0hFSEw+QUZGSU45PEEMEBYNERcOERcjJy5WWmFbX2dYXGRVWWFRVV1LT1c7R1c0PEYtMDcfIicdICYeIScYGh8FBgkNDxQ1OUBfZG5fZW9ZXWVQVFtLT1Y0W2IuO0AvMjkcHyUdIykDBwoLDRAXGiBFSVBNUVhNUFhJTVQ+QUg/Qkk/Q0pBRUtAREo/QUchJCoTFx0nKzEoLDIqLTM0OD5KTVROUVZBRUwxNDszNz00Nz0qLjQVGR8kJy4tMTcjJy0ZHSMbHyUXGyE2OkA2OUA3O0ErLzUMEhsYITAQFBoOEhcZIi81Q1hcX2MyNTpqTUnXAAAACXBIWXMAABcRAAAXEQHKJvM/AAAAB3RJTUUH6AUWFR4tACK2TQAAAHJJREFUCB19wTEOAVEUQNF7X37HGNHprMMK9Hap0NuMRKdlovQfMz9TaJwjSmZQAypNAQzF2VApkTU6QEZmEqls/HWlpGv10fs1rFCjFum8b7vX8l1cOAKVvTh79hfTyOSgt53NGZCJeVRPNIVJUlT++QCYbx15PvHkbgAAAABJRU5ErkJggg==)![Images
Blog Mini5-reasons-hivemapper-built-
bee](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5YoRgz2ke3pD1FOx7mt4kt/f969142f3a5dc4e21b918eafbe9fe95d/Welcome_to_the_Future_of_Mapmaking_-
_v1__1_.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)![Images Blog Mini5-reasons-hivemapper-
built-
bee](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/5YoRgz2ke3pD1FOx7mt4kt/f969142f3a5dc4e21b918eafbe9fe95d/Welcome_to_the_Future_of_Mapmaking_-
_v1__1_.png?w=750&h=375&q=50&fm=png)5 Reasons Hivemapper Built the BeeFebruary
21, 2024](/blog/5-reasons-hivemapper-built-
bee)[![](data:image/jpeg;base64,/9j/4AAQSkZJRgABAQEASABIAAD/2wBDABALDA4MChAODQ4SERATGCgaGBYWGDEjJR0oOjM9PDkzODdASFxOQERXRTc4UG1RV19iZ2hnPk1xeXBkeFxlZ2P/2wBDARESEhgVGC8aGi9jQjhCY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2NjY2P/wAARCAALABQDASIAAhEBAxEB/8QAGQAAAgMBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAQBAgUG/8QAIhAAAgICAQMFAAAAAAAAAAAAAQIAEQMhBBITQRQiMVGR/8QAFAEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAv/EABYRAQEBAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAEAEf/aAAwDAQACEQMRAD8A5LDm43ZUMq9VC/G/yThX1BKppuqgPFTOX5lkdgTTEWIxYpOczGuLktjUj26NG9wiln7hEMcv/9k=)![Images
Blog Miniget-rewarded-for-road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-
app](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4D7jgAF8Xy0Uif3Dx8yw17/d9280cf4c4f2f53c107ad43e98a3b368/Get_Rewarded_for_Road_Reporting_-
_Hero_-_v4.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)![Images Blog Miniget-
rewarded-for-road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-
app](https://images.ctfassets.net/n5g2b08mtiib/4D7jgAF8Xy0Uif3Dx8yw17/d9280cf4c4f2f53c107ad43e98a3b368/Get_Rewarded_for_Road_Reporting_-
_Hero_-_v4.jpg?w=750&h=375&fl=progressive&q=50&fm=jpg)Get Rewarded for Road
Reporting with the New Hivemapper AppJanuary 24, 2024](/blog/get-rewarded-for-
road-reporting-with-the-new-hivemapper-app)

[Read More](https://hivemapper.com/blog/)

[Blog](/blog)

[Careers](/careers)

[Media Kit](/media-kit)

[Privacy](/privacy)

[](https://discord.com/invite/FRWMKyy5v2)[](https://twitter.com/Hivemapper)[](https://www.instagram.com/hivemapper)

![](https://t.co/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=9a3a377d-6c09-493b-a155-873573994878&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ffd31197-0f62-4b3f-b744-369d221cd88a&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fhivemapper.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-
the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o8cxm&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/i/adsct?bci=3&eci=2&event_id=9a3a377d-6c09-493b-a155-873573994878&events=%5B%5B%22pageview%22%2C%7B%7D%5D%5D&integration=advertiser&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=ffd31197-0f62-4b3f-b744-369d221cd88a&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fhivemapper.com%2Fblog%2Fnavigating-
the-road-ahead-why-your-fleet-needs-bee-hivemappers-
newest%2F&tw_iframe_status=0&tw_order_quantity=0&tw_sale_amount=0&txn_id=o8cxm&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

