Build the future of Web3 with us. Check out our open positions today!

[![Luganodes
Logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)

[Home](/)

Product

Resources

Company

Contact us

[Knowledge](/blog/?interval=3&category=Knowledge)

14 min read

# EigenLayer: Explained

Getting Up to Speed with EigenLayer

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='675'%20width='1200'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Cover
Image](/static/a29d3a8b1dba99fb47164426906c8723/bb8ee/Satking_Explained_cover_8a2ee97ea2.png)![Cover
Image](/static/a29d3a8b1dba99fb47164426906c8723/bb8ee/Satking_Explained_cover_8a2ee97ea2.png)

Published on

19 Mar, 2024

Copy
Link[](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22EigenLayer%3A%20Explained%22&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.luganodes.com%2Fblog%2Feigenlayer-
explained%2F)[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.luganodes.com%2Fblog%2Feigenlayer-
explained%2F&title=EigenLayer%3A%20Explained&summary=Check%20out%20this%20blog%20by%20Luganodes%20-%20%22EigenLayer%3A%20Explained%22)

## Introduction

EigenLayer’s TVL and popularity has increased at a truly impressive rate.

Compared to other protocols, EigenLayer has shot up in success at a much
faster rate and is now in third place after giants Lido and AAVE.

And not to mention that this ecosystem is still in its early stages. What
makes EigenLayer so special? How does one participate, or more importantly
what is it? We try to clarify these questions and more in this article. This
edition of Luganodes Explained, gets you up to speed with EigenLayer and its
innovations in “Restaking.”

## Ethereum Innovation

EigenLayer works on the Ethereum ecosystem, and to understand it better, let’s
take a short recap of the dynamic innovations that have shaped Ethereum.

  1. Ethereum Moves to Proof of Stake (PoS): In September 2022, Ethereum made a significant shift from Proof of Work (PoW) to Proof of Stake (PoS) with "The Ethereum Merge." This move was largely driven by environmental concerns, as Bitcoin's PoW mechanism faced criticism for its high energy consumption. Ethereum's transition to PoS not only addressed these environmental issues but also introduced a deflationary aspect to ETH, leading to a decrease in its total supply over time.

  2. Staking on Ethereum: With the adoption of PoS, Ethereum allowed users to earn rewards through staking. By locking up the ETH they owned, users could make a small profit based on the reward rate, while also helping to secure the network. However, a major barrier emerged: the requirement of a minimum stake of 32 ETH, equivalent to approximately $100,000 today, making it challenging for the average individual to participate as a network validator.

  3. Emergence of Staking Pools: To overcome the high entry threshold, staking pools were introduced, allowing individuals to pool their ETH and stake collectively. These pools are managed by operators who handle the network validation and distribute rewards among participants.

  4. Introduction of Liquid Staking Tokens (LSTs): The next evolution was Liquid Staked Tokens, which provided a 1:1 representation of staked ETH. In exchange for staking 10 ETH, a user would receive 10 stETH or other similar flavour of LST. This brought liquidity to staked assets while also earning rewards. These coins could be used in various DeFi protocols, allowing stakers to compound their rewards and enhance their earnings.

  5. Re-staking Concept: The latest advancement comes from EigenLayer through the process of restaking: the concept of pledging already staked assets again, providing stakers with an opportunity to earn additional rewards.

## Enter EigenLayer

To answer the question posed earlier, what makes EigenLayer so special - that
lies in its simplicity. EigenLayer in its most basic terms, is a middleware,
which sits on Ethereum and provides a platform for restaking. In staking,
users secure a network by locking their ETH and earn rewards in the process.
Similarly in Re-staking, users just pledge their already staked ETH to secure
projects other than just the Ethereum ecosystem, and as a result earn extra
rewards as well.

These projects are called Actively Validated Services (AVSs). And as you may
have guessed, developers benefit from this as well since they can use the
security mechanism of ETH instead of building their own ecosystem and their
own token. The proliferation of multiple blockchain tokens has overwhelmed the
market, and it is an arduous task to build a security infrastructure from
scratch, so it's no surprise that developers trust this novel approach.

This is the barebones explanation, however there are more features and
nuances. Such as being able to re-stake native Ethereum, but also LSTs.

## LST and Native Restaking

EigenLayer enhances re-staking capabilities through both LSTs and native re-
staking. By re-staking LSTs on EigenLayer, users engage these tokens in
staking protocols via smart contracts, optimising their rewards beyond mere
possession. This process, however, renders the LSTs illiquid while they accrue
additional yield.

Alternatively, as mentioned earlier, native re-staking remains an option,
permitting users to leverage their staked ETH. This method is exclusive to
Ethereum validator nodes, requiring the redirection of their validator's
withdrawal credentials to an EigenPod smart contract, explained below.

## EigenPod

EigenPods form the cornerstone of the EigenLayer ecosystem. They are
essentially smart contracts which enable stakers to restake their Beacon chain
Ethereum, therefore being crucial to the entire re-staking process. There are
complex smart contract mechanisms under the hood where EigenPods operate -
which we have briefly mentioned below, for sake of completeness.

Stakers or their chosen staking providers, use EigenPodManager to create an
EigenPod.

In the regular ETH Staking scenario, the validator’s withdrawal key is mapped
to the user staking. In EigenLayer, the withdrawal key is mapped to the
EigenPod smart contract. The rewards are received here, and also possibly
slashed - in case an AVS being secured misbehaves. Therefore EigenPod plays a
critical role in ensuring the security and accuracy of transactions and
withdrawals on the network.

EigenPods are an innovative smart contract that bridges the gap between
stakers, validators, and Automated Validator Services (AVS) operators,
ensuring the seamless operation of the EigenLayer protocol.

## Actively Validated Services (AVS)

![Eigen Layer 1.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/Eigen_Layer_1_164b492324.png)

You have the newest innovative idea for Web3 and you want to create a new
ecosystem around this idea. But this also involves the arduous task of
bootstrapping your security, creating a token and getting people onboard this
entirely new ecosystem.

Meanwhile, Ethereum has a looming presence with its huge pool of stakers
providing security and a high value ETH token. If only there was a way to use
this pre-existing security infrastructure for a new idea - this is what
EigenLayer brings to the table.

All Proof of Stake (PoS) blockchains rely on a multitude of validators, who
are critical for their operation. As a result, virtually every PoS blockchain
project functions as an Actively Validated Service (AVS). With this new
innovation from EigenLayer, developers now have access to an improved
methodology for building an AVS.

By building an AVS on EigenLayer, projects can benefit from Ethereum’s huge
base of validators and staked capital. They therefore gain an advantage from
the flexible infrastructure that enables them to customise how they will use
the trust borrowed from the Ethereum network.

![Eigen Layer 2.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/Eigen_Layer_2_3da7413d0f.png)

While the pool of stakers and their respective operators are securing
Ethereum, the adoption of EigenLayer enables stakers to opt into also securing
additional services, i.e. the AVSs. Through this mechanism, stakers can
enhance their revenue, while operators receive additional rewards. Moreover,
this approach provides developers with the opportunity to build an ecosystem
with a level of security that surpasses what they could achieve independently
through their own bootstrapping efforts. We shall delve into individual
benefits in the next section.

AVS’s functionality is thus powered with re-staked ETH. EigenLayer harnesses
Ethereum’s decentralisation and crypto-economic security and extends it to the
AVSs. Additionally, since it is an Ethereum-centric system, the AVS state gets
reported back to Ethereum periodically.

In the individual AVS ecosystem, the benefits of Ethereum’s security trickle
down to three entities - the AVS project, the AVS users (like DApp makers) and
the retail users which use the products (like DApps).

To illustrate how AVSs work in the practical setting, let's use an example -
which happens to be the first AVS on EigenLayer.

## EigenDA AVS

Part of the EigenLabs ecosystem, EigenDA showcases the power of building an
AVS on EigenLayer. EigenDA is a Data Availability (DA) Layer.

As a part of the EigenLabs ecosystem, EigenDA exemplifies the innovative
potential of actively validated services (AVS) on EigenLayer by serving as a
Data Availability (DA) Layer.

A DA layer functions as a specialised layer designed to store and disseminate
data in a decentralised manner. It focuses on ensuring the reliability and
accessibility of transaction-related data and smart contract details without
directly handling transaction processing or smart contract execution. This
helps in enhancing scalability, as it offloads the substantial task of data
storage.

Celestia stands out as a notable example of a blockchain operating as a Data
Availability Layer. It enhances scalability and security by bifurcating the
data and execution layers, thereby facilitating the development of the next
wave of modular rollups.

EigenDA achieves the same, while operating as a EigenLayer AVS. It offers an
advanced data availability solution specifically designed for rollups. This
initiative aims to advance Ethereum's scalability goals by establishing new
standards in throughput and cost efficiency. Moreover, EigenDA champions the
cause of decentralisation by effectively distributing workloads across a broad
network of node operators.

EigenDA's mission extends beyond mere technical capabilities, aiming to
underscore the crucial role Ethereum stakers and validators can play in
bolstering vital infrastructure outside of the consensus mechanism. It
demonstrates the viability of AVSs and their participants to flourish through
innovative business and token models, all while relying on the inherent trust
of the Ethereum network.

## Why Use EigenLayer?

It is quite established now that EigenLayer offers more security, easy
implementation and more capital utilisation by accumulating greater rewards.
The three major groups involved in the ecosystem each have a specialised
incentive to EigenLayer -

![Eigen Layer 3.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/Eigen_Layer_3_7715745c2b.png)

### For Developers

  * Access to Ethereum's Established Validator Pool: Developers can utilise the vast and seasoned pool of Ethereum validators for their projects without needing these validators to abandon their Ethereum duties.

  * No Need to Bootstrap Validators: Eliminates the daunting task of starting from scratch to build a validator pool, significantly reducing time and effort required.

  * Avoids Token Volatility Risks: Projects can sidestep the risks and volatility associated with launching and promoting a new token to attract validators.

  * Pooled Security: Offers the advantage of pooled security, where collective resources are utilised to enhance system security, benefiting from the combined strength of Ethereum's ecosystem.

  * Immediate Community Support: By leveraging EigenLayer, projects gain instant access to an existing, engaged community of operators and stakers, facilitating easier and more effective outreach.

  * Cost-Effective: Reduces the financial burdens associated with incentivizing participation in a new network, as it taps into an already incentivized and active validator network on Ethereum.

  * Dual-Staking: Using two tokens, to secure the same PoS network. This prevents the “death-spiral” effect and also simplifies the bootstrapping process, if one wants to create a separate token. More on this later.

![Eigen Layer 4.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/Eigen_Layer_4_b6457109f0.png)

### For Operators

  * Access to a wider array of networks: Operators can secure multiple networks beyond just Ethereum, expanding their influence and operational scope.

  * Opportunity for higher rewards: By selecting services offering the best rewards, operators can significantly increase their earnings without additional risk.

  * No need to reallocate staked ETH: Operators earn more without having to move their currently staked ETH to riskier networks, thanks to re-staking.

  * Diverse roles beyond validation: Operators are not limited to validation tasks, enabling them to explore various roles and opportunities within the EigenLayer ecosystem.

  * Visibility through EigenLayer's dashboard: A centralised dashboard allows operators to easily discover and opt into new services requiring their expertise.

### For Stakers

Stakers in EigenLayer's ecosystem enjoy several distinct advantages, offering
them a more dynamic and potentially rewarding way to utilise their digital
assets. Here's a concise look at the benefits for stakers:

  * Enhanced earning opportunities: Stakers have the ability to earn more than traditional staking pools by choosing from various services with different reward structures. By utilising the already staked ETH, capital utilisation is maximised.

  * Diversified investment options: Through EigenLayer, stakers can diversify their staked assets across multiple services and projects, aligning with their interests and risk tolerance.

  * Strategic delegation: Stakers can select operators based on performance, trustworthiness, and the rewards offered, allowing for a more tailored investment approach.

While these benefits highlight the opportunities within EigenLayer for
stakers, it's important to recognize the need for diligent operator selection.
Since stakers depend on the operators' ability to perform effectively without
incurring slashing penalties, choosing a reliable operator is crucial for
safeguarding their stake and optimising returns. Choosing a trusted operator
based on their security expertise is essential, for example [Luganode’s
significant efforts at security
certification](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/complianceupdate/).

## Restaking Points

Continuing on the topic of benefits for stakers - EigenLayer also has a
loyalty points system by which users can accumulate points based on the amount
they have staked and the duration for which they have staked. The [actual
calculation](https://docs.eigenlayer.xyz/eigenlayer/restaking-
guides/restaking-user-guide/restaked-points) involves a formula and calculates
a value in ETH⋅hours.

EigenLayer is still gaining its initial momentum, so there still remains
questions about how users will be able to utilise these points. There is much
speculation online, but one use-case we have seen is that during the AltLayer
Airdrop, the eligibility for EigenLayer users was defined based on Restaked
Points, with a minimum of 720 points required to qualify.

## Dual-Staking

Earlier we mentioned how developers can benefit from EigenLayer by using the
pre-existing security pool of Ethereum to secure their project. This removes
the need to bootstrap your own token. However, some projects might want to
create their own token as well.

But the reality is, most freshly minted tokens face a certain “death-spiral”
crisis. In the early days of a token, its value might fluctuate and go down.
Leading to weakened security, and a drop in TVL. This further lowers the token
prices and eventually the token collapses in a “death-spiral.”

EigenLayer has a solution for this as well. Simply put, it allows stakers to
use two types of tokens to support the network: a native token and a more
stable, widely-recognized token like ETH. This dual-token approach helps
address challenges faced by new PoS networks, such as volatility and
accessibility of the native token, while mitigating the risk of a "death
spiral" in token value.

By providing a foundation of economic security through ETH, dual staking
simplifies the bootstrapping process for new networks and ensures a more
robust security model, offering a reliable and innovative solution for
maintaining network integrity.

![Eigen Layer 5.png](https://better-
triumph-f08c8a30a5.media.strapiapp.com/Eigen_Layer_5_91c123df19.png)

## EigenLayer X Luganodes

Luganodes is one of the early adopters of this technology, and we recognize
the scale of disruption EigenLayer is capable of. Eager to maximise our
involvement, we are supporting the ecosystem in multiple ways.

In our recent rendezvous with Renzo Protocol, we took the role of being one of
their three node operators. By running Ethereum nodes, we significantly
contributed to the EigenLayer TVL and established our footing in an indirect
fashion. Renzo Protocol operates as a Liquid Restaking Token (LRT) and
Strategy Manager for EigenLayer, and you can learn more about our partnership
in our [Renzo announcement
blog](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/LuganodesXRenzo/).

Luganodes is a listed operator for EigenLayer AVSs and will be actively
supporting these technologies. Currently, Luganodes has a presence on Lagrange
and WitnessChain, with support for additional AVSs being consistently
expanded.

Having established itself as an ETH staking service and a node operator for
LRTs, in addition to being an operator for multiple AVSs, Luganodes has
comprehensive expertise in the EigenLayer ecosystem.

## Conclusion

In our comprehensive exploration, we've delved into the vast array of concepts
and terminologies surrounding EigenLayer, striving to ensure that this
cutting-edge technology is accessible and understandable to all. EigenLayer
emerges as a seemingly universal solution, boasting an array of features and
solutions so extensive that we could not encapsulate them all.

Despite ongoing debates regarding its long-term viability and its place within
the greater Ethereum ecosystem, our confidence in the EigenLayer concept
remains unwavering. We are particularly excited about the potential of
restaking, which we believe will emerge as one of the most significant
narratives in the cryptocurrency space in the years to come.

It's inspiring to witness continuous waves of innovation within the Ethereum
community, signalling a bright future as the platform grows more established
and mature. As part of this ecosystem, Luganodes is committed to supporting
all emerging projects and innovations that drive us towards the ultimate
vision of a decentralised future.

Maximize your Ethereum investments by restaking with EigenLayer through
Luganodes. Benefit from supporting innovative Actively Validated Services
(AVS) and earn rewards. [Restaking is simple with our detailed guide available
here](https://www.luganodes.com/blog/eigenlayerSG/).

Explore the list of AVSs we currently support, on our [dedicated EigenLayer
page](https://www.luganodes.com/product/eigenlayer/). Learn more about staking
and restaking on our [website](www.luganodes.com), and feel free to [contact
us](https://www.luganodes.com/#getInTouch) for any queries!

## About Luganodes

Luganodes is a world-class, Swiss-operated, non-custodial blockchain
infrastructure provider that has rapidly gained recognition in the industry
for offering institutional-grade services. It was born out of the Lugano Plan
B Program, an initiative driven by Tether and the City of Lugano. Luganodes
maintains an exceptional 99.9% uptime with round-the-clock monitoring by SRE
experts. With support for 40+ PoS networks, it ranks among the top validators
on Polygon, Polkadot, Sui, and Tron. Luganodes prioritizes security and
compliance, holding the distinction of being one of the first staking
providers to adhere to all SOC 2 Type II, GDPR, and ISO 27001 standards as
well as offering Chainproof insurance to institutional clients.

Staking Guides

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='281'%20width='500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/22b8ef4af783d1be013027de0af704eb/86bab/EIGEN_b3006e7c3b.png)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/22b8ef4af783d1be013027de0af704eb/86bab/EIGEN_b3006e7c3b.png)[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)EigenLayer
— How to Claim & Stake $EIGEN Tokens with LuganodesThis guide outlines the
procedures for claiming and staking $EIGEN tokens with Luganodes, following
EigenLayer's new token launch. It provides step-by-step instructions for users
to participate in the staking process effectively.15 May, 20244 min
read](/blog/eigenSG/)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='281'%20width='500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/9a20e544cf2d9d7882987abf3b31fede/86bab/stacking_9d77bef22c.png)![Blog
thumbnail](/static/9a20e544cf2d9d7882987abf3b31fede/86bab/stacking_9d77bef22c.png)[Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides)
Stacks — How to Stack $STX with LuganodesExplore the benefits of Stacking on
Stacks L2 with this guide, detailing how to securely stack STX tokens using
Luganodes, and maximize returns on the Stacks blockchain. Perfect for
enhancing your crypto investments.5 May, 20244 min read](/blog/StacksSG/)

[View all posts](/blog)

Subscribe to get our latest updates!

New products & networks supported, staking research, blog updates, and
exclusive offers directly in your inbox.

Email

Staker Type

Type of Staker

By subscribing, I accept the [privacy policy](/privacypolicy).Subscribe

## Suggested  
articles

### Stay up to date

[Read All](/blog/?category=Knowledge)

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/44a1a74d2fc449ee11a9898f69b439ca/64737/image_116_dd38016a2d.png)![Blog
image](/static/44a1a74d2fc449ee11a9898f69b439ca/64737/image_116_dd38016a2d.png)KnowledgeStaking
Insurance: ExplainedIn the next part of our "Explained" series, we present a
comprehensive guide to insurance for staking, unraveling the complexities and
highlighting the necessity of secure measures in the proof of stake
ecosystem.](/blog/StakingInsuranceExplained)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/0b3455f27995d9edd9cb37ddc6bd30a9/64737/Non_Custodial_Staking_Cover_993c90c1e4.png)![Blog
image](/static/0b3455f27995d9edd9cb37ddc6bd30a9/64737/Non_Custodial_Staking_Cover_993c90c1e4.png)KnowledgeNon-
Custodial Staking: ExplainedAs part of our Explained series, we bring you
clarity on multiple institutional topics, this time demystifying the
intricacies of non-custodial staking in the Proof of Stake blockchain
ecosystems. Dive into the distinction between custodial and non-custodial
staking, understand the mechanics behind the process, and unravel common
misconceptions surrounding the risks and rewards of true staking versus other
crypto investment strategies. This comprehensive overview emphasizes the
importance of vigilance and the fundamental role of staking in securing and
sustaining the blockchain
infrastructure.](/blog/NonCustodialStakingExplained)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/790d10448591c49abb92b0c0b194e8ae/64737/image_121_7e0c37dbff.png)![Blog
image](/static/790d10448591c49abb92b0c0b194e8ae/64737/image_121_7e0c37dbff.png)KnowledgeZK-
Rollups: ExplainedDive into the intricate world of ZK Rollups with this
engaging article that simplifies complex blockchain concepts through vivid
metaphors and clear explanations. Perfect for both beginners and enthusiasts,
it's a must-read to grasp the future of blockchain scalability in an
accessible and enjoyable
way.](/blog/ZKRollupsExplained)[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='844'%20width='1500'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![](data:image/png;base64,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)![Blog
image](/static/a6048481c3f38cd0682a8140c4cf69fa/64737/image_126_afd1f2be10.png)![Blog
image](/static/a6048481c3f38cd0682a8140c4cf69fa/64737/image_126_afd1f2be10.png)KnowledgeStacks:
ExplainedIn this edition of the Explained Series, we delve into the innovative
concept of stacking, a novel approach within the Bitcoin ecosystem that opens
up opportunities for earning passive income without departing from Bitcoin's
foundational principles. Stacking leverages the Stacks blockchain to extend
Bitcoin's functionality, introducing smart contracts and DeFi capabilities
while maintaining its core security and decentralization.](/blog/explained-
stacking)

![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='269'%20width='632'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)

![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)![Line
pattern](/static/c1a2eb9200e441157c01110f2f463004/3d614/linepattern3.svg)

[![White
logo](data:image/svg+xml;base64,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)](/)Secure
staking with leading blockchain infrastructure provider

LN Tech FZE,  
Saif Suite X3-46,  
SAIF Zone, Sharjah, UAE

[![](data:image/svg+xml;charset=utf-8,%3Csvg%20height='288'%20width='462'%20xmlns='http://www.w3.org/2000/svg'%20version='1.1'%3E%3C/svg%3E)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-pro.svg)![Verified
badge](/static/6ba07c96436f2c9565f80d24555d7bac/edf67/vsp-
pro.svg)](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/luganodes/)

Products[Staking](/product/staking/)

[EigenLayer Staking](/product/eigenlayer/)

[zkRaaS](/product/zkraas/)

[Staking API](/product/stakingapi/)

[Managed Nodes](/product/managednodes/)

[Terminal](/product/luganodesterminal/)

ResourceClient Types

[Custodian](/client/custodian/)[Exchanges](/client/exchanges/)[Investors
(VCs)](/client/investors/)

Case Studies

[CoinList](/case-study/Coinlist_CS/)[Bitfinex](/case-study/Bitfinex_CS/)

[Blog](/blog/)

[Staking Guides](/blog/?interval=3&category=Guides#blog-list)

[Newsletter](/#signup)

[Docs](https://docs.luganodes.com/)

Company[About us](/aboutus/)

[Get in Touch](/#getInTouch)

[Security](https://security.luganodes.com/)

Social[Twitter](https://twitter.com/luganodes)

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/company/luganodes/)

[Telegram](https://t.me/luganodesofficial/)

[Medium](https://medium.com/luganodes)

[YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/@luganodes)

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

© 2024 Luganodes | All rights reserved

[Terms of use](/termsofservice/)[Privacy Policy](/privacypolicy/)

