Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Web3 secret storage definition

n

Last edit: [@nhsz(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/nhsz), August 15,
2023

See contributors

On this page

  * Definition
  * Test Vectors
    * PBKDF2-SHA-256
    * Scrypt
  * Alterations from Version 1
  * Alterations from Version 2

To make your app work on Ethereum, you can use the web3 object provided by the
web3.js library. Under the hood it communicates to a local node through RPC
calls. [web3(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/web3.js/) works
with any Ethereum node which exposes an RPC layer.

`web3` contains the `eth` object - web3.eth.

    
    
    1var fs = require("fs")
    
    2var recognizer = require("ethereum-keyfile-recognizer")
    
    3
    
    4fs.readFile("keyfile.json", (err, data) => {
    
    5  var json = JSON.parse(data)
    
    6  var result = recognizer(json)
    
    7})
    
    8
    
    9/** result
    
    10 *               [ 'web3', 3 ]   web3 (v3) keyfile
    
    11 *  [ 'ethersale', undefined ]   Ethersale keyfile
    
    12 *                        null     invalid keyfile
    
    13 */
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

This documents **version 3** of the Web3 Secret Storage Definition.

## Definition

The actual encoding and decoding of the file remains largely unchanged from
version 1, except that the crypto algorithm is no longer fixed to AES-128-CBC
(AES-128-CTR is now the minimal requirement). Most of the meanings/algorithm
are similar to version 1, except `mac`, which is given as the SHA3
(keccak-256) of the concatenations of the second-leftmost 16 bytes of the
derived key together with the full `ciphertext`.

Secret key files are stored directly in `~/.web3/keystore` (for Unix-like
systems) and `~/AppData/Web3/keystore` (for Windows). They may be named
anything, but a good convention is `<uuid>.json`, where `<uuid>` is the
128-bit UUID given to the secret key (a privacy-preserving proxy for the
secret key's address).

All such files have an associated password. To derive a given `.json` file's
secret key, first derive the file's encryption key; this is done through
taking the file's password and passing it through a key derivation function as
described by the `kdf` key. KDF-dependent static and dynamic parameters to the
KDF function are described in `kdfparams` key.

PBKDF2 must be supported by all minimally-compliant implementations, denoted
though:

  * `kdf`: `pbkdf2`

For PBKDF2, the kdfparams include:

  * `prf`: Must be `hmac-sha256` (may be extended in the future);
  * `c`: number of iterations;
  * `salt`: salt passed to PBKDF;
  * `dklen`: length for the derived key. Must be >= 32.

Once the file's key has been derived, it should be verified through the
derivation of the MAC. The MAC should be calculated as the SHA3 (keccak-256)
hash of the byte array formed as the concatenations of the second-leftmost 16
bytes of the derived key with the `ciphertext` key's contents, i.e.:

    
    
    1KECCAK(DK[16..31] ++ <ciphertext>)
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

(where `++` is the concatenation operator)

This value should be compared to the contents of the `mac` key; if they are
different, an alternative password should be requested (or the operation
cancelled).

After the file's key has been verified, the cipher text (the `ciphertext` key
in the file) may be decrypted using the symmetric encryption algorithm
specified by the `cipher` key and parameterised through the `cipherparams`
key. If the derived key size and the algorithm's key size are mismatched, the
zero padded, rightmost bytes of the derived key should be used as the key to
the algorithm.

All minimally-compliant implementations must support the AES-128-CTR
algorithm, denoted through:

  * `cipher: aes-128-ctr`

This cipher takes the following parameters, given as keys to the cipherparams
key:

  * `iv`: 128-bit initialisation vector for the cipher.

The key for the cipher is the leftmost 16 bytes of the derived key, i.e.
`DK[0..15]`

The creation/encryption of a secret key should be essentially the reverse of
these instructions. Make sure the `uuid`, `salt` and `iv` are actually random.

In addition to the `version` field, which should act as a "hard" identifier of
version, implementations may also use `minorversion` to track smaller, non-
breaking changes to the format.

## Test Vectors

Details:

  * `Address`: `008aeeda4d805471df9b2a5b0f38a0c3bcba786b`
  * `ICAP`: `XE542A5PZHH8PYIZUBEJEO0MFWRAPPIL67`
  * `UUID`: `3198bc9c-6672-5ab3-d9954942343ae5b6`
  * `Password`: `testpassword`
  * `Secret`: `7a28b5ba57c53603b0b07b56bba752f7784bf506fa95edc395f5cf6c7514fe9d`

### PBKDF2-SHA-256

Test vector using `AES-128-CTR` and `PBKDF2-SHA-256`:

File contents of `~/.web3/keystore/3198bc9c-6672-5ab3-d9954942343ae5b6.json`:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "crypto": {
    
    3    "cipher": "aes-128-ctr",
    
    4    "cipherparams": {
    
    5      "iv": "6087dab2f9fdbbfaddc31a909735c1e6"
    
    6    },
    
    7    "ciphertext": "5318b4d5bcd28de64ee5559e671353e16f075ecae9f99c7a79a38af5f869aa46",
    
    8    "kdf": "pbkdf2",
    
    9    "kdfparams": {
    
    10      "c": 262144,
    
    11      "dklen": 32,
    
    12      "prf": "hmac-sha256",
    
    13      "salt": "ae3cd4e7013836a3df6bd7241b12db061dbe2c6785853cce422d148a624ce0bd"
    
    14    },
    
    15    "mac": "517ead924a9d0dc3124507e3393d175ce3ff7c1e96529c6c555ce9e51205e9b2"
    
    16  },
    
    17  "id": "3198bc9c-6672-5ab3-d995-4942343ae5b6",
    
    18  "version": 3
    
    19}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Intermediates** :

`Derived key`:
`f06d69cdc7da0faffb1008270bca38f5e31891a3a773950e6d0fea48a7188551` `MAC Body`:
`e31891a3a773950e6d0fea48a71885515318b4d5bcd28de64ee5559e671353e16f075ecae9f99c7a79a38af5f869aa46`
`MAC`: `517ead924a9d0dc3124507e3393d175ce3ff7c1e96529c6c555ce9e51205e9b2`
`Cipher key`: `f06d69cdc7da0faffb1008270bca38f5`

### Scrypt

Test vector using AES-128-CTR and Scrypt:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "crypto": {
    
    3    "cipher": "aes-128-ctr",
    
    4    "cipherparams": {
    
    5      "iv": "740770fce12ce862af21264dab25f1da"
    
    6    },
    
    7    "ciphertext": "dd8a1132cf57db67c038c6763afe2cbe6ea1949a86abc5843f8ca656ebbb1ea2",
    
    8    "kdf": "scrypt",
    
    9    "kdfparams": {
    
    10      "dklen": 32,
    
    11      "n": 262144,
    
    12      "p": 1,
    
    13      "r": 8,
    
    14      "salt": "25710c2ccd7c610b24d068af83b959b7a0e5f40641f0c82daeb1345766191034"
    
    15    },
    
    16    "mac": "337aeb86505d2d0bb620effe57f18381377d67d76dac1090626aa5cd20886a7c"
    
    17  },
    
    18  "id": "3198bc9c-6672-5ab3-d995-4942343ae5b6",
    
    19  "version": 3
    
    20}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

**Intermediates** :

`Derived key`:
`7446f59ecc301d2d79bc3302650d8a5cedc185ccbb4bf3ca1ebd2c163eaa6c2d` `MAC Body`:
`edc185ccbb4bf3ca1ebd2c163eaa6c2ddd8a1132cf57db67c038c6763afe2cbe6ea1949a86abc5843f8ca656ebbb1ea2`
`MAC`: `337aeb86505d2d0bb620effe57f18381377d67d76dac1090626aa5cd20886a7c`
`Cipher key`: `7446f59ecc301d2d79bc3302650d8a5c`

## Alterations from Version 1

This version fixes several inconsistencies with the version 1 published
[here(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/homestead-
guide/blob/master/old-docs-for-reference/go-ethereum-wiki.rst/Passphrase-
protected-key-store-spec.rst). In brief these are:

  * Capitalisation is unjustified and inconsistent (scrypt lowercase, Kdf mixed-case, MAC uppercase).
  * Address unnecessary and compromises privacy.
  * `Salt` is intrinsically a parameter of the key derivation function and deserves to be associated with it, not with the crypto in general.
  * _SaltLen_ unnecessary (just derive it from Salt).
  * The key derivation function is given, yet the crypto algorithm is hard specified.
  * `Version` is intrinsically numeric yet is a string (structured versioning would be possible with a string, but can be considered out of scope for a rarely changing configuration file format).
  * `KDF` and `cipher` are notionally sibling concepts yet are organised differently.
  * `MAC` is calculated through a whitespace agnostic piece of data(!)

Changes have been made to the format to give the following file, functionally
equivalent to the example given on the previously linked page:

    
    
    1{
    
    2  "crypto": {
    
    3    "cipher": "aes-128-cbc",
    
    4    "ciphertext": "07533e172414bfa50e99dba4a0ce603f654ebfa1ff46277c3e0c577fdc87f6bb4e4fe16c5a94ce6ce14cfa069821ef9b",
    
    5    "cipherparams": {
    
    6      "iv": "16d67ba0ce5a339ff2f07951253e6ba8"
    
    7    },
    
    8    "kdf": "scrypt",
    
    9    "kdfparams": {
    
    10      "dklen": 32,
    
    11      "n": 262144,
    
    12      "p": 1,
    
    13      "r": 8,
    
    14      "salt": "06870e5e6a24e183a5c807bd1c43afd86d573f7db303ff4853d135cd0fd3fe91"
    
    15    },
    
    16    "mac": "8ccded24da2e99a11d48cda146f9cc8213eb423e2ea0d8427f41c3be414424dd",
    
    17    "version": 1
    
    18  },
    
    19  "id": "0498f19a-59db-4d54-ac95-33901b4f1870",
    
    20  "version": 2
    
    21}
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Alterations from Version 2

Version 2 was an early C++ implementation with a number of bugs. All
essentials remain unchanged from it.

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/data-structures-and-encoding/web3-secret-storage/index.md)
  * On this page

    * Definition
    * Test Vectors
      * PBKDF2-SHA-256
      * Scrypt
    * Alterations from Version 1
    * Alterations from Version 2

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

