  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Blockchain](/blog?category=Blockchain)  >
[The Evolution of Ethereum Decentralization](/blog/the-evolution-of-ethereum-
decentralization)

##### Blockchain

# The Evolution of Ethereum Decentralization

Published on: May 6, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Origin Story: What is Ethereum?**
  * **Ethereum’s Path to Decentralization**
  * **Ethereum's Future Plans for Decentralization: Beyond Scalability**
  * **SEC Involvement and Regulatory Landscape**
  * **How to Buy Ethereum (ETH) Using Trust Wallet**

##### In Brief

Learn about Ethereum's journey to decentralization! Explore its origins,
rising decentralization (post-Merge), and future plans.

![The Evolution of Ethereum
Decentralization](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_decentralization_c062350f35.png&w=3840&q=75)

At the heart of Ethereum lies the concept of decentralization: a principle
that empowers users and distributes control across the network. In this
article, we'll explore the story of Ethereum's evolution of decentralization,
as well as its origins and recent developments.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Ethereum’s decentralization in more detail, it’s important
to remember that you can [buy Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/buy-
crypto/ethereum) using Trust Wallet.

You can also use Trust Wallet as your [Ethereum
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet)—which supports ETH and ERC20
tokens. Download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser. Read on to learn [how to buy
Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-ethereum-using-trust-wallet-
a-visual-guide) using Trust Wallet.

![ethereum-decentralization-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_decentralization_3_9ae6fca7a3.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## Origin Story: What is Ethereum?

Before diving into the nitty-gritty of decentralization, let's rewind to
Ethereum's genesis. In 2013, a young programmer named Vitalik Buterin
envisioned a platform that went beyond the capabilities of Bitcoin, the first
major cryptocurrency. While Bitcoin revolutionized digital currency, Buterin
dreamt of a more versatile network. He wanted to create a platform that could
not only transfer value, but also execute and automate agreements through
self-enforcing contracts.

Launched in 2015, [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/a-beginners-guide-
to-ethereum) introduced the concept of smart contracts, essentially digital
agreements that reside on the blockchain and execute automatically when
predetermined conditions are met. This innovation opened doors for a vast
array of decentralized applications (dApps) to be built on the Ethereum
network, fostering a vibrant ecosystem for everything from finance (DeFi) to
gaming. For this vision to truly flourish, a robust and truly decentralized
foundation was crucial. That's where Ethereum's commitment to decentralization
comes into play.

![ethereum-decentralization-2.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_decentralization_2_81597a7257.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Ethereum’s Path to Decentralization

Several key advancements have paved Ethereum's journey towards a more
decentralized future. Let's explore a milestone that has significantly
increased its decentralization:

### The Merge

In its initial stages, [Ethereum](https://trustwallet.com/blog/how-to-buy-
ethereum-using-trust-wallet-a-visual-guide) relied on a consensus mechanism
called Proof-of-Work (PoW). A PoW consensus mechanism requires a vast network
of miners to compete by solving complex puzzles to validate transactions and
secure the network. This consensus mechanism, however, proved to have
limitations, including

  * **High energy consumption:** PoW requires a tremendous amount of computing power, leading to significant energy expenditure. This raised environmental concerns and limited the accessibility of participation in securing the network.

  * **Centralization tendencies:** The specialized hardware needed for efficient PoW mining tends to concentrate power in large mining pools. This centralization contradicts the idea of a decentralized network.

To address these concerns, Ethereum embarked on a significant shift – the
transition to Proof-of-Stake (PoS). Completed in September 2022 with the
historic Merge, PoS introduces a new way to secure the network. Instead of
miners, validators are now responsible for validating transactions. These
validators lock up a certain amount of Ethereum (ETH) as a stake. This
incentivizes honest behavior as validators risk losing their stake if they
attempt to manipulate the network.

PoS also eliminates the need for expensive mining hardware, making it easier
for anyone with ETH to participate in securing the network. This fosters a
more distributed and democratic system, aligning with Ethereum's core
principle of decentralization.

### Challenges and considerations

While the Merge was a significant leap forward, it doesn't signify the end of
the road. As with any major system shift, there are ongoing considerations and
potential challenges to navigate. One key area of discussion within the
Ethereum community is the distribution of [staked
ETH](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-eth-pooled-staking) among
validators.

In a perfect world, validator participation would be evenly distributed across
the network, maximizing decentralization. This is, however, not the case.
Currently, becoming a validator requires
[staking](https://trustwallet.com/blog/introducing-eth-pooled-staking) a
substantial amount of ETH. This could potentially favor those with larger ETH
holdings, centralizing validator power to some extent. The Ethereum community
is actively exploring solutions to ensure a healthy balance between
accessibility and security. This might involve implementing mechanisms to
encourage wider participation from smaller stakeholders.

## Ethereum's Future Plans for Decentralization: Beyond Scalability

While Ethereum's scaling roadmap (The Surge, Verge, Purge, and Splurge)
addresses crucial network efficiency concerns, it also presents an opportunity
to explore the future of decentralization. Here's how these upgrades, along
with other ongoing efforts, can shape a more distributed Ethereum:

### Scaling for a Broader Validator Base

The Surge, with its introduction of sharding, offers several advantages for
decentralization:

  * **Distributed workload and reduced centralization:** By dividing the blockchain into shards, sharding distributes the network validation workload across a wider range of validators. This reduces reliance on a centralized group of miners and fosters a more geographically dispersed validator pool.

  * **Lowering the barrier to entry:** Sharding potentially lowers the computational requirements for running a validator node. Since each shard processes a smaller dataset, more individuals with regular computing resources could participate in securing the network, further decentralizing validation.

### Verkle Trees and Increased Accessibility

The Verge, through Verkle trees, offers additional ways to promote
decentralization:

  * **Stateless clients and wider participation:** Verkle trees enable the creation of "stateless clients." These lightweight clients wouldn't need to store the entire blockchain history, making it easier for resource-constrained devices to join the network as validators. This broader validator base strengthens decentralization and network resilience.

  * **Increased accessibility:** Stateless clients have the potential to significantly increase the accessibility of Ethereum's validator pool. By removing the barrier of needing extensive storage space, more individuals could participate in securing the network, fostering a more decentralized ecosystem.

## SEC Involvement and Regulatory Landscape

The involvement of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has cast
a spotlight on Ethereum, sparking conversations about its regulatory status.
Reports suggest that the SEC is scrutinizing the Ethereum Foundation,
particularly questioning whether Ether should be classified as a security.

The potential classification of Ether as a security carries significant legal
ramifications, affecting various aspects of the Ethereum ecosystem. If deemed
a security, Ether would be subject to more stringent regulations, affecting
its listing on exchanges, business operations involving it, and investor
activities. Developers and businesses leveraging Ethereum may face heightened
compliance requirements to adhere to SEC guidelines.

The foundational principle of Ethereum's decentralization could face a
formidable challenge if the SEC classifies Ether as a security. A scenario
where the SEC imposes extensive regulations might introduce elements of
centralization to the Ethereum ecosystem.

## How to Buy Ethereum (ETH) Using Trust Wallet

You can [buy crypto](https://trustwallet.com/buy-crypto), including Ethereum,
using Trust Wallet, via our trusted partners. Here’s how:

  * Select “Buy” from the home screen.

  * Search for “Ethereum” or “ETH” and select it.

  * Choose the currency you want to use, then enter the amount of ETH you want to purchase.

  * Select the third party provider & payment method you’d like to use.

  * Select the Buy button and complete the remaining steps.

![ethereum-decentralization-1.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fethereum_decentralization_1_cfc97b58ae.gif&w=3840&q=75)

Remember that in addition to [ETH](https://trustwallet.com/ethereum-wallet),
Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+
blockchains. You can also send ETH to your [Ethereum
wallet](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?pt=1324988&ct=SEO%20Content&mt=8). Download the latest
version of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

