[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJnaW4vMy1yZWFzb25zLXdoeS15b3Utc2hvdWxkLXRyeS1tYXJnaW4tdHJhZGluZy00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDIzMTE%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9tYXJnaW4vMy1yZWFzb25zLXdoeS15b3Utc2hvdWxkLXRyeS1tYXJnaW4tdHJhZGluZy00MjE0OTk4MjQ2ODQ5MDIzMTE%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# 3 Reasons Why You Should Try Margin Trading

2021-07-07

## Key Takeaways:

  * Margin trading blends elements of spot and futures trading to allow investors to trade cryptocurrencies with leverage.

  * Unique to margin trading is the ability for users to invest multiple assets as collateral to trade with leverage, including BTC, ETH, BNB, BUSD, and USDT, to name a few.

  * Margin trading opens up arbitrage opportunities in the futures markets, especially when funding rates are volatile.

_After following or trading in the cryptocurrency markets for some time,
perhaps performing spot and_[futures
trades](https://www.binance.com/en/futures) _, the idea of trading with margin
might have caught your attention. Margin trading not only offers an
interactive experience, but it can also become a successful source of income
when implementing a robust risk management strategy.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/b8b254ca-b56a-45a6-ad5d-aa0244f687b6.png)

Margin trading requires experience and knowledge about how markets operate.
Binance makes margin trading easy by offering some of the best options and
learning material for cryptocurrency traders. In this article, we’ll discuss
why margin trading might be a good option for you.

## What Is Margin Trading?

Margin trading blends elements of the spot and futures markets to allow
investors to trade cryptocurrencies with leverage. Similar to spot trading
(directly buying or selling an asset), margin involves the immediate exchange
of a digital asset. The main difference is the ability to incorporate leverage
into these trades, multiplying the trade value anywhere from 2X to 10X, as is
possible with futures contracts.

Margin trading has its own characteristics beyond these two basic concepts as
well. For instance, to utilize leveraged funds, traders must allocate
collateral and select the desired leverage they wish to use on their
positions.

Traders must be vigilant to market changes that occur when margin trading,
because margin calls can happen often, especially with cryptocurrencies. A
margin call occurs when a trade goes unfavorably, potentially costing the
trader large amounts of losses, depending on their leverage ratio.

In such cases, the exchange will perform a margin call in which a trader has
two options: Reduce the position size or add more collateral. To avoid being
liquidated, a trader can reduce the notional exposure of the position, in
turn, reducing the position’s leverage. Alternatively, the trader can further
allocate more margin towards the trade to prove they have enough funds to
continue managing the trade.

Margin trading is used in several cases, but one of the most popular use cases
is to hedge against a portfolio or other asset. Hedging involves opening new
positions that negatively correlate with existing positions. Investors and
traders hedge their portfolios as a form of insurance to mitigate potential
losses.

While margin trading can help you earn large profits, it should never be done
without implementing risk management strategies such as using stop-limit
orders. Otherwise, small market shifts can be extremely costly to a trader.
Just as one may find success with high leverage, one may also incur a loss of
the same magnitude.

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/f793a80f-9cc8-4be2-beb0-3e70cc29ff77.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=cross&utm_source=internal&utm_medium=content&utm_campaign=margin-
blog)

## 3 Reasons Why You Should Try Margin Trading

  1. **Exotic Pairs -** Margin trading offers access to exotic trading pairs. This involves two cryptocurrencies paired together (e.g. BTC and ETH). Instead of buying or selling these digital assets, traders can speculate on the relative performance of the two. With Binance, traders can trade pairs with leverage of up to 10X. Keep in mind that the more volatile a token is, the less liquidity the market will hold for it. This is because the asset is less reliable to bet on, causing fewer trades to be established in that market.

  2. **Multi-Assets Collateral -** Unique to margin trading is the ability for users to invest multiple assets as collateral to borrow leverage. On Binance, this can be done in the cross margin mode. Instead of allocating BTC only into a BTC-based margin trade, investors can use their BTC and ETH, or BUSD, USDT, and so on, to denominate their collateral. Allocating multiple assets as collateral allows traders to operate with more flexibility when opening trades. 

  3. **Arbitrage -** Margin traders can take advantage of arbitrage opportunities when the funding rate on futures pairs is volatile. For instance, when the BTC/USDT perpetual funding rate is negative, users can use margin to short the trade with BTC/USDT while entering a long futures BTC/USDT perpetual trade to make a profit with low risk. Thus, traders aren’t necessarily dependent on the price of underlying assets but are more concerned with the markets’ actions. Since the two trades are placed in opposing directions, it doesn’t matter how the market trends, minimizing the risks to the trader.

## How to Open a Margin Trading Account on Binance

Anyone can easily start margin trading on Binance. First, create an account,
make sure to verify your identity and enable 2FA. Then, you will be ready to
start the process described below so long as you don’t reside in a restricted
country.

**Step 1 -** Click the dropdown menu labeled **[Trade]** located at the top
panel of your screen; and click on **[Margin]**.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/368a2fb0-1a9d-4af4-b689-a7589356e96a.png)

**Step 2 -** Before you begin trading, please note that you are required to
complete a short quiz. All users must obtain a 100% score before trading on
margin.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/be96dac9-40c0-4269-baf7-19b7bcb5f6f0.png)

**Step 3 -** Then, you will be able to transfer funds into your new Margin
Trading Wallet. For instance, you can transfer BTC, ETH, and BNB from your
Exchange Wallet to your Margin Wallet. These funds will act as collateral to
any borrowed funds incorporated in a margin trade and determine how much
capital you can borrow.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/844ac08a-484a-4e0a-a19a-6cd8549630aa.png)

**Step 4 -** Click **[Borrow/Repay]** and enter the amount you wish to borrow.
Please note the hourly interest rate, and click **[Confirm Borrow]**. The
funds will be credited to your margin account (which can be checked under your
balance/margin button). The balance dashboard comes with a margin level gauge
that relates the risk level to the borrowed funds, collateral you hold, and
the market value. Margin level can be calculated as such: Margin Level = Total
Asset Value / (Total Borrowed + Total Accrued Interest)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/d34ce5d6-00df-46c9-8210-996809db1e96.png)

**Step 5 -** If your margin level decreases, you either need to increase your
collateral or reduce your loan. A margin level of 1.1 will automatically
liquidate your account, in other words, Binance will sell the positions at
market price to repay the loan.

For further in-depth instructions and to learn how to repay debts owed, please
see our Academy article on [Binance Margin Trading
Guide](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/binance-margin-trading-guide).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/04d865d0-77cf-4e4f-81bf-e93a35badc5c.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/download)

## Conclusion

Margin trading can expose traders to opportunities unavailable in other forms
of trading. When margin trading with purpose and attention, it can become a
fun and profitable endeavor.

As noted earlier, trading in margin should be done by those with experience in
trading. Traders must understand the risks involved in margin trading. Useful
tools like stop-orders should be used whenever possible. At any rate, the
options discussed above with trading margin are possible through Binance.

Read the following articles for more information about margin trading:

  * (Blog) [Crypto Spot Trading vs. Margin Trading - What’s the difference?](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/421499824684902286/Crypto-Spot-Trading-vs-Margin-Trading--Whats-the-difference)

  * (Support) [How to Transfer Funds to Binance Margin Account](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/360030157712)

  * (Support) [Overview of Binance Futures Products & Features](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/00bd4e5720bf4ffebfadb4b15e465a73)

  * And many more [Binance Futures FAQ](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq#/4) topics…

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20220524/dea263e4-c6fb-46ff-b7cb-555c53947ee7.png)](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)

 _**Disclaimer:**__Crypto assets are volatile products with a high risk of
losing money quickly. Prices can fluctuate significantly on any given day. Due
to these price fluctuations, your holdings may significantly increase or
decrease in value at any given moment, which can result in a loss of all the
capital you have invested in a transaction._

_Therefore, you should not trade or invest money you cannot afford to lose. It
is crucial that you fully understand the risks involved before deciding to
trade with us in light of your financial resources, level of experience, and
risk appetite. If required, you should seek advice from an independent
financial advisor. The actual returns and losses experienced by you will vary
depending on many factors, including, but not limited to, market behavior,
market movement, and your trade size. Past performance is not a guide to
future performance. The value of your investments may go up or down. Learn
more_[here](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-futures-services-agreement) _.
_

195,036,869 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

3 Reasons Why You Should Try Margin Trading

Key Takeaways:

What Is Margin Trading?

3 Reasons Why You Should Try Margin Trading

How to Open a Margin Trading Account on Binance

Conclusion

195,036,869 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

