# [![Kraken Blog](https://blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Kraken-
Blog-UPurple.svg)](https://blog.kraken.com/)

  * [News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news?view=archive)
  * [Product](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product)
  * [Crypto Education](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education)

__

[Sign in](https://www.kraken.com/sign-in) [Sign
up](https://www.kraken.com/sign-up)

__

  * [News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news?view=archive)
  * [Product](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product)
  * [Crypto Education](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education)

[Sign in](https://www.kraken.com/sign-in) [Sign
up](https://www.kraken.com/sign-up)

×

Search for: __ ×

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Blog_Header_1535x700-1-1.png?fit=3070%2C1400&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/news/newsweek-2024-100gmlw)
[News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news)

##  [ Kraken #14 on Newsweek’s Global Most Loved Workplaces 2024 List
](https://blog.kraken.com/news/newsweek-2024-100gmlw "Permanent Link to Kraken
#14 on Newsweek’s Global Most Loved Workplaces 2024 List")

Kraken is the only crypto company to have made the list two years in a row.

3 min read

May 22nd, 2024

  * [Crypto Education](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education)

**[Bitcoin and pizza: A feast of parallels for the digital
age](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-education/bitcoin-pizza-day-2024)**

  * [Industry News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news/industry-news)

**[Kraken wins (again) at European Customer Centricity
Awards](https://blog.kraken.com/news/industry-news/kraken-wins-again-eccas)**

  * [Pro](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/pro)

**[Rewards is now available on Kraken
Pro!](https://blog.kraken.com/product/pro/rewards-is-now-available-on-kraken-
pro)**

  * [News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news)

**[Kraken expands European footprint with German strategic
partnership](https://blog.kraken.com/news/kraken-dlt)**

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/11/Carousel-
Self-custody-best-practices.png?fit=1024%2C512&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-education/bitcoin-pizza-day-2024)

[Crypto Education](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education)

##  [Bitcoin and pizza: A feast of parallels for the digital
age](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-education/bitcoin-pizza-day-2024)

Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! Today, we celebrate Laszlo Hanyecz’ historic bitcoin-
for-pizza transaction – the first time bitcoins were used as currency in
exchange for real-world goods. You can read Laszlo’s original bitcoin-for-
pizza bitcointalk.org forum post here. This year, instead of focusing on
Laszlo’s mindboggling opportunity...

4 min read

May 22nd, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Blog_Header_1535x700.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/accelerating-new-listings-at-kraken)

[Asset Listings](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/asset-listings)

##  [Accelerating new listings at
Kraken](https://blog.kraken.com/product/accelerating-new-listings-at-kraken)

Kraken is excited to announce that we’re accelerating our new asset listing
process. We’ve created a new listings page to standardize our listing process
for project teams and deliver greater transparency into our asset listing
roadmap for the crypto community. We’ve also simplified the application...

4 min read

May 20th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/05/blog-cross-
border.jpg?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1) ](https://blog.kraken.com/news/industry-
news/kraken-wins-again-eccas)

[Industry News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news/industry-news)

##  [Kraken wins (again) at European Customer Centricity
Awards](https://blog.kraken.com/news/industry-news/kraken-wins-again-eccas)

We are proud to announce that, for the second year running, Kraken has been
recognized at the annual European Customer Centricity Awards (ECCAs). We won
the Customer Insight & Feedback category and were shortlisted for Customer
Centric Culture and Customer Centricity in B2B. Overcoming strong...

3 min read

May 16th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/05/Blog_Pro_Consumer_Rewards@2x.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/pro/rewards-is-now-available-on-kraken-pro)

[Pro](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/pro)

##  [Rewards is now available on Kraken
Pro!](https://blog.kraken.com/product/pro/rewards-is-now-available-on-kraken-
pro)

Seamlessly earn returns on all eligible cryptoassets! Rewards is our new
feature that allows users to make their cryptoassets work harder while also
helping support the crypto ecosystem by helping to validate transactions.
Earn rewards on assets held in your spot balance without locking them...

4 min read

May 14th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Blog-Inner-
Kraken-x-DLTF-2.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/news/kraken-dlt)

[News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news)

##  [Kraken expands European footprint with German strategic
partnership](https://blog.kraken.com/news/kraken-dlt)

DLT Finance to provide innovative and tailored crypto products to German
clients.

3 min read

May 6th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/05/Coin-
Listing-3.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/expanded-margin-pairs-available-for-icp-
pepe-shib-and-wif)

[Product](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product)

##  [Expanded margin pairs available for ICP, PEPE, SHIB and
WIF!](https://blog.kraken.com/product/expanded-margin-pairs-available-for-icp-
pepe-shib-and-wif)

We’re thrilled to announce that Kraken now supports new margin pairs for
Internet Computer (ICP), Pepe (PEPE), Shiba Inu (SHIB) and DogWifHat (WIF)!
Margin trading is now available for the below pairs for ICP, PEPE, SHIB and
WIF: Pair base Pair name Available leverage Long...

4 min read

May 2nd, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Blog-
Banner-BEAM-ONDO-2-1.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-beam-beam-and-
ondo-ondo-starts-now-in-canada)

[Asset Listings](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/asset-listings)

##  [Trading for Beam (BEAM) and Ondo (ONDO) starts now in
Canada](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-beam-beam-
and-ondo-ondo-starts-now-in-canada)

We’re thrilled to announce that Beam (BEAM) and Ondo (ONDO) are now available
on Kraken for residents in Canada! Funding and trading Both BEAM and ONDO
funding and trading are live. Add BEAM and ONDO to your Kraken account by
navigating to Funding, selecting the...

3 min read

April 23rd, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Blog-
Banner-Ondo-1-2.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/eth-deposits-and-withdrawals-now-available-
on-linea)

[Product](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product)

##  [ETH deposits and withdrawals now available on
Linea!](https://blog.kraken.com/product/eth-deposits-and-withdrawals-now-
available-on-linea)

We’re thrilled to announce that Kraken now supports deposits and withdrawals
of Ethereum (ETH) on Linea! What is Linea?  Linea is a Layer 2 (L2) solution
tailored for Ethereum, aiming to enhance scalability and flexibility for
decentralized applications (dApps). It leverages zero-knowledge proofs
alongside complete...

2 min read

April 23rd, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/Blog-
Custom-Orders-1.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1) ](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-
education/why-liquidity-is-an-important-metric-in-crypto-markets)

[Blockchain & Crypto Basics](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-
education/blockchain-and-crypto-basics)

##  [Why liquidity is an important metric in crypto
markets](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-education/why-liquidity-is-an-
important-metric-in-crypto-markets)

Some exchange measures – like liquidity – have a direct impact on the client
experience and enhance marketplace resilience

5 min read

April 22nd, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Coin-
Listing-4-2.png?fit=1024%2C576&ssl=1) ](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-
listings/trading-for-jup-w-wif-and-more-starts-now-in-the-united-kingdom)

[Asset Listings](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/asset-listings)

##  [Trading for JUP, W, WIF and more starts now in the United
Kingdom](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-jup-w-wif-
and-more-starts-now-in-the-united-kingdom)

We’re thrilled to announce that Bonk (BONK), Dymension (DYM), Jito (JTO),
Jupiter (JUP), Polygon Ecosystem Token (POL), Wormhole (W) and Dogwifhat (WIF)
are now available on Kraken for residents in the United Kingdom! Funding and
trading BONK, DYM, JTO, JUP, POL, WIF and W funding...

5 min read

April 19th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/09/Blog-
BTC.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1) ](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-
education/opinion-why-there-will-never-be-another-bitcoin)

[Blockchain & Crypto Basics](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-
education/blockchain-and-crypto-basics)

##  [Opinion: Why there will never be another
Bitcoin](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-education/opinion-why-there-will-
never-be-another-bitcoin)

On October 31, 2008, an unknown coder named Satoshi Nakamoto published a paper
that laid the foundation for an entirely new monetary system – 15 years later,
the world is only just catching on to its true value and potential.

10 min read

April 19th, 2024

[ ![Taproot funding support for bitcoin](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/12/Blog-Inner-Taproot-funding-support-for-
bitcoin.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1) ](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-
education/in-markets-this-time-is-almost-never-different-this-bitcoin-halving-
is-different)

[Blockchain & Crypto Basics](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-
education/blockchain-and-crypto-basics)

##  [In markets, this time is almost never different. This Bitcoin halving is
different.](https://blog.kraken.com/crypto-education/in-markets-this-time-is-
almost-never-different-this-bitcoin-halving-is-different)

Bitcoin is about to experience its fourth halving, when the block reward for
miners is cut in half. This time, it’s going from 6.25 bitcoins to 3.125
bitcoins. That means that every day, all of the Bitcoin miners in the world
will be competing for...

6 min read

April 18th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/Blog_Header_WhatisWallet_-1535x700@1x.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/introducing-kraken-wallet)

[Kraken Wallet](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/kraken-wallet)

##  [Simple, secure, powerful: Introducing Kraken
Wallet](https://blog.kraken.com/product/introducing-kraken-wallet)

We take a big step forward in our mission to accelerate crypto adoption with
the release of Kraken Wallet, a self-custodial wallet that anyone can use to
go onchain. Simple, secure and powerful, Kraken Wallet empowers you to
discover the decentralized world and manage your...

4 min read

April 17th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/Blog_Header_WalletTechnical@1x.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/kraken-wallet/kraken-wallet-security)

[Kraken Wallet](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/kraken-wallet)

##  [How Kraken Wallet addresses challenges in mobile crypto
security](https://blog.kraken.com/product/kraken-wallet/kraken-wallet-
security)

We're thrilled to give you an inside look at the robust security architecture
of mobile, open-source Kraken Wallet as we aim to foster transparency, support
our security team in ongoing research and aid in threat prevention.

11 min read

April 17th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Blog-
Banner-2.png?fit=1024%2C576&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/staking/bonded-and-flex-staking-for-
celestia-tia-starts-now)

[Product](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product)

##  [Bonded and Flex Staking for Celestia (TIA) starts
now](https://blog.kraken.com/product/staking/bonded-and-flex-staking-for-
celestia-tia-starts-now)

We’re thrilled to announce the support for bonded on-chain staking strategies
for TIA starts now in most regions! Start staking on Kraken Pro How can I
start staking? Add crypto assets to your Kraken account by navigating to
Funding, selecting the asset, and hitting Deposit....

2 min read

April 15th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Blog-
Banner-Ondo-1-1.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-beam-beam-starts-
april-11-deposit-now)

[Asset Listings](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/asset-listings)

##  [Trading for Beam (BEAM) starts April 11 – deposit
now](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-beam-beam-
starts-april-11-deposit-now)

We’re thrilled to announce that Beam (BEAM) is now available on Kraken!
Important: Kraken will not be supporting the migration of MC tokens to BEAM.
If you hold MC tokens and wish to migrate them, please follow the instructions
provided in this tutorial and FAQ:...

3 min read

April 9th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-content/uploads/2024/04/Blog-
Banner-Ondo-2.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-ondo-ondo-starts-
april-11-deposit-now)

[Asset Listings](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/asset-listings)

##  [Trading for Ondo (ONDO) starts April 11 – deposit
now](https://blog.kraken.com/product/asset-listings/trading-for-ondo-ondo-
starts-april-11-deposit-now)

We’re thrilled to announce that Ondo (ONDO) is now available on Kraken!
Funding and trading Funding for ONDO is live and trading starts on April 11.
Add ONDO to your Kraken account by navigating to Funding, selecting the asset,
and hitting Deposit.  Only deposit ONDO...

3 min read

April 9th, 2024

[ ![](https://i0.wp.com/blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2024/04/image3.png?fit=1024%2C467&ssl=1)
](https://blog.kraken.com/product/kraken-futures/2024-futures-market-masters)

[Kraken Futures](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/kraken-futures)

##  [Our $100,000 Futures Market Masters competition is
back!](https://blog.kraken.com/product/kraken-futures/2024-futures-market-
masters)

Go head-to-head with thousands of traders and claim your share of $100,000.

3 min read

April 3rd, 2024

  * 1
  * [2](https://blog.kraken.com/page/2)
  * [3](https://blog.kraken.com/page/3)
  * [4](https://blog.kraken.com/page/4)
  * [5](https://blog.kraken.com/page/5)
  * …
  * [42](https://blog.kraken.com/page/42)
  * [__](https://blog.kraken.com/page/2)

These materials are for general information purposes only and are not
investment advice or a recommendation or solicitation to buy, sell, stake or
hold any cryptoasset or to engage in any specific trading strategy. Kraken
will not undertake efforts to increase the value of any cryptoasset that you
buy. Some crypto products and markets are unregulated, and you may not be
protected by government compensation and/or regulatory protection schemes. The
unpredictable nature of the cryptoasset markets can lead to loss of funds. Tax
may be payable on any return and/or on any increase in the value of your
cryptoassets and you should seek independent advice on your taxation position.

[![Kraken Blog Footer Logo](https://blog.kraken.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/05/Kraken-White-Logo.svg)](https://www.kraken.com/)

#### Categories

  * [Asset Listings](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/asset-listings "Asset Listings")
  * [Blockchain & Crypto Basics](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education/blockchain-and-crypto-basics "Blockchain & Crypto Basics")
  * [Crypto Education](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education "Crypto Education")
  * [Engineering](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/engineering "Engineering")
  * [Industry News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news/industry-news "Industry News")
  * [Kraken Futures](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/kraken-futures "Kraken Futures")
  * [Kraken Intelligence](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education/kraken-intelligence "Kraken Intelligence")
  * [Kraken Wallet](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/kraken-wallet "Kraken Wallet")
  * [New Features](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/new-features "New Features")
  * [News](https://blog.kraken.com/category/news "News")
  * [NFT](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/nft "NFT")
  * [Press Releases](https://blog.kraken.com/category/press-release "Press Releases")
  * [Pro](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/pro "Pro")
  * [Product](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product "Product")
  * [Promotions](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/promotions "Promotions")
  * [Security](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/security "Security")
  * [Staking](https://blog.kraken.com/category/product/staking "Staking")
  * [Tips & Explainers](https://blog.kraken.com/category/crypto-education/tips-and-explainers "Tips & Explainers")

#### About

  * [Why Kraken](https://www.kraken.com/why-kraken)
  * [Mobile Apps](https://www.kraken.com/en-gb/features/cryptocurrency-apps)
  * [Institutions](https://www.kraken.com/institutions)
  * [Careers](https://www.kraken.com/careers)
  * [Chat with Support](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-us#chat-now)
  * [Press](https://www.kraken.com/press)
  * [Affiliates](https://support.kraken.com/hc/en-us/articles/360027545252-Kraken-Affiliate-program)
  * [Kraken Bank](https://www.kraken.com/bank)
  * [Status](https://status.kraken.com/)

#### Follow Us

  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/KrakenFX/ "Facebook")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/krakenfx "X")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/krakenfx/ "LinkedIn")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/krakenfx/ "Instagram")

  * © 2011 - 2024 Payward, Inc.
  * [Privacy Notice](https://www.kraken.com/legal/privacy)
  * [Terms of Service](https://www.kraken.com/legal)
  * [Cookies Policy](https://www.kraken.com/legal/cookies)



##

##

Loading Comments...



Write a Comment...

Email (Required) Name (Required) Website

###

![](https://pixel.wp.com/g.gif?v=ext&blog=216213561&post=0&tz=-4&srv=blog.kraken.com&hp=atomic&ac=2&amp=0&j=1%3A13.5-a.1&host=blog.kraken.com&ref=&fcp=2660&rand=0.012615984302544181)

