Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Blog](https://www.metaco.com/category/blog/)

# The internet provides the precedent for how Distributed Ledger Technology
will scale

  *  __ January 17, 2022
  *  __10 min
  *  __Vincent Bouzon (Chief Technology Officer at Metaco)

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdistributed-ledger-technology-scale%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fblog%2Fdistributed-ledger-technology-scale%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

Too often, we forget the past offers us a glimpse into the future.

With the internet deeply embedded into every aspect of our existence, it’s
easy to lose sight of the improvements that gradually made this happen. These
enhancements – now invisible to most people – are the ones that enabled the
internet to reach the scale and widespread adoption it has today. They also
hold important indications that help us understand how Distributed Ledger
Technology (DLT) might evolve.

With DLT, we can see the signs of a fast-maturing technology layer with the
ability to become a fundamental component of our society. So when we look at
the key elements that developed our ability to interact with the internet, we
can also distinguish how they can play a similar role to the evolution and
pervasiveness of Distributed Ledger Technology.

## Transition to widespread infrastructure – how Distributed Ledger Technology
will scale

If you’ve been following conversations around Distributed Ledger Technology,
you’ve most likely come across opinions that recognize its merits for
establishing trust without intermediaries.

_“So far, experiments with DLT point to the potential for financial
infrastructures to move toward real-time settlement, ﬂatter structures,
continuous operations, and global reach.”_

IMF – [Distributed Ledger Technology Experiments in Payments and
Settlements](https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/fintech-
notes/Issues/2020/06/25/Distributed-Ledger-Technology-Experiments-in-Payments-
and-Settlements-49251)

However, many still hold the view that DLT-based solutions are only suitable
for low-volume use cases, such as settlements. When it comes to infrastructure
supporting the large-value payment system and others, they are deemed not
mature enough or lacking in interoperability.

This brings up a familiar pattern for those who have been involved in and
closely monitored the evolution of the internet and its layers of technology
since its inception.

For the moment, Distributed [Ledger](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-
glossary/ledger/) Technology is admittedly slower, less efficient, and more
expensive when compared to a centralized solution – but so was the internet in
1996! Back then, using the internet for email was ok but ecommerce or video?
Completely out of the question.

There were only [100,000 websites](https://www.pingdom.com/blog/the-web-
in-1996-1997/) in January 1996 and dial-up connection “speeds” reached a
meager 33.6Kbps. But despite its nascent state, the internet was already
inspiring industry-changing transformation. [In
1996](https://www.computerhope.com/history/1996.htm), “for the first time,
more e-mail was sent than postal mail in the USA.”

This flashback is a powerful reminder that, as technology develops our ability
to engage with Distributed Ledger Technology, it will inherently become more
integrated into our systems, phones, TVs, and cars. As a result, just as the
internet did, digital assets – and the DLT-based solutions they spur – will
change our landscape dramatically.

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/01/metaco-article-
DLT.png?x88149)

###

## How we’ll get from here to there (and who leads the way)

In a nutshell, we will get there through the work of motivated and skilled
engineers who found a way to scale the tech that enables the internet to
expand to unthinkable proportions.

As [Chris Dixon famously said](https://cdixon.org/2013/03/02/what-the-
smartest-people-do-on-the-weekend-is-what-everyone-else-will-do-during-the-
week-in-ten-years):

_“What the smartest people do on the weekend is what everyone else will do
during the week in ten years.”_

Far from the limelight, the smartest people have been working on blockchain
technologies for several years. This is one more reason the evolution of the
internet provides a precedent for how scaling Distributed Ledger Technology
may happen.

Let’s unpack some of the key similarities.

When the internet protocol (IP) was introduced in the ‘70s, the networks that
made up the internet were nascent. This made it slow, insecure, and costly, so
engineers developed techniques for caching, compression, translation, and
security to improve its utility and user experience.

At first, functions sat at the edge of the network. As network operators
started to adopt them, they became part of the network fabric, rendered
“invisible” to end-users. Today, we can see constant improvements like these
being applied to Distributed Ledger Technology (e.g. the [Lightning
Network](https://lightning.network/) is caching for
[Bitcoin](https://www.metaco.com/digital-assets-glossary/digital-assets-
glossary-bitcoin/)).

Besides improving speed, performance, and security, these enhancements also
expanded the utility of the internet, creating new uses for the network, such
as the Web, Voice-over-IP (VoIP), and streaming audio and video.

For example, in the early days of the Web, you needed a great deal of patience
to use VoIP and streaming services. Once again, the techniques of caching,
compression, translation, and security played a crucial role in improving how
the internet works.

The people behind them contributed their technical proficiency and vision of
the future and turned them into a global system that caused a deep paradigm
shift in our society.

_“It was conceived in the era of time-sharing, but has survived into the era
of personal computers, client-server and peer-to-peer computing, and the
network computer._

_It was designed before LANs existed, but has accommodated that new network
technology, as well as the more recent ATM and frame switched services._

_It was envisioned as supporting a range of functions from file sharing and
remote login to resource sharing and collaboration, and has spawned electronic
mail and more recently the World Wide Web._

_But most importantly, it started as the creation of a small band of dedicated
researchers, and has grown to be a commercial success with billions of dollars
of annual investment.”_

[Internet Society](https://www.internetsociety.org/) – [Brief History of the
Internet](https://www.internetsociety.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/ISOC-
History-of-the-Internet_1997.pdf)

So it stands to reason that the people most likely to make Distributed Ledger
Technology fundamental to mainstream tech infrastructure are those who shaped
and improved how the internet works. Their critical thinking and exceptional
skills (cryptography, for example) combine to create technologies that support
transformation across sectors.

In finance, the next wave in the evolution of digital assets these engineers
create will also expand the applicability and performance of DLT in the same
way as internet protocol (IP) optimizations made it dramatically faster, more
secure, and cheaper.

In a June 2020 [study](https://www.imf.org/en/Publications/fintech-
notes/Issues/2020/06/25/Distributed-Ledger-Technology-Experiments-in-Payments-
and-Settlements-49251) by the IMF, industry experts concluded that systems
specialized in large-value payments, securities settlement, and cross-border
payments can all benefit from it, suggesting already that the skeptics are
being proven wrong.

With increasing proof that the tech is maturing, industrial grade scalability
is just a matter of time. But the question still remains how long before we
get mass-scale adoption – and in the end, it is likely to be economics, as
much as tech, that fuels this.

## The economics are here to make DLT go mainstream

The largest institutions in the world recognize the certainty of the fact that
DLT-based solutions will become an essential part of the financial system. And
they’re making definitive steps towards them.

But, before that happens, network effects will take hold, as owners of digital
assets multiply exponentially.

The first VoIP phone holders couldn’t make full use of their technology
because there were too few of them. What Bitcoin is experiencing now is a
similar moment. However, with [digital assets coming of
age](https://www.metaco.com/crypto-insights/digital-assets-are-coming-of-
age/), this shortcoming is dissolving much faster because [technology evolves
at exponential speeds.](https://ourworldindata.org/technological-progress)

So the key for any financial institution will be to keep its options open
which – to a great extent – will be synonymous with not creating legacy
technology. At the same time, leapfrogging instead of being the boiling frog
will mean choosing [orchestration for their digital
assets](https://www.metaco.com/).

While starting afresh and rebuilding the future of their businesses using
Distributed Ledger Technology, financial organizations will also introduce the
flexibility that enables them to navigate this fast-changing space more
successfully.

## We are all contributors to change

Network effects that support mainstream adoption will get created when our
ability to interact with digital assets increases – through constant
improvements, just like the internet did.

_“The Internet is as much a collection of communities as a collection of
technologies, and its success is largely attributable to both satisfying basic
community needs as well as utilizing the community in an effective way to push
the infrastructure forward.”_

[Internet Society](https://www.internetsociety.org/) – [Brief History of the
Internet](https://www.internetsociety.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/09/ISOC-
History-of-the-Internet_1997.pdf)

As a fundamental component of the digital assets ecosystem, Distributed Ledger
Technology is here to stay and will become a bigger part of how we transfer
value in banking and capital markets.

Just how the Internet has not finished changing, so will digital assets and
the DLT applications that support them continue to evolve. If you want to join
the discussion about, and more importantly the action around the future of
Distributed Ledger technology, [reach out](https://www.metaco.com/contact/) to
our team at METACO. Or even better, [come work with
us](https://metaco.com/careers/)!

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

