This website uses cookies to offer you a better browsing experience. Find out
more on how we use cookies.

Opt-out[Details](/de/privacy-policy#collection-of-information)

Accept

[![Solana](/_next/static/media/logotype-dark.f79d530d.svg)](/de)

  * Learn
  * Developers
  * Solutions
  * Network
  * Community

Search```K`

[Documentation](/de/docs)[RPC
API](/de/docs/rpc)[Cookbook](/de/developers/cookbook)[Guides](/de/developers/guides)[Terminology](/de/docs/terminology)

##### Table of Contents

  * [Why Solana](/de/docs/intro/overview#why-solana)
  * [Solana Features](/de/docs/intro/overview#solana-features)
  * [How to Use These Docs](/de/docs/intro/overview#how-to-use-these-docs)
  * [Need Help](/de/docs/intro/overview#need-help)

[Scroll to Top](/de/docs/intro/overview#)

[Edit Page](https://github.com/solana-foundation/developer-
content/tree/main/docs/intro/overview.md)

[Home](/de)>[Solana Dokumentation](/de/docs)>Introduction

# [What is Solana?](/de/docs/intro/overview)

Solana ist eine Blockchain, die für die Massenadoption konzipiert wurde. It's
a high performance network that is utilized for a range of use cases,
including finance, payments, and gaming. Solana operates as a single global
state machine, and is open, interoperable, and decentralized.

## Why Solana? #

Designed to scale, Solana is purpose built for blockchain applications to
reach millions of users. Instead of worrying about optimizing for the
blockchain layer, developers can focus on building their application to reach
product market fit. Not only can it scale now for blockchain application
needs, but the network continues to be optimized with user experience in mind.

Building the best user experience in an application is a top priority for
developers. With blockchains, the user experience is often limited by the
underlying technology, causing slow response times and high fees. Solana's low
fees and 400ms confirmation times enable developers to build applications that
are user friendly and accessible to everyone.

## Solana Features #

Feature| Description  
---|---  
Onchain Program Development| The ability to develop and deploy programs
onchain. Users can interact with these programs permissionlessly, removing the
need for middleman servers to build applications.  
400ms Slot Times| Every transaction sent by users on Solana is confirmed in a
block. With a target slot time of 400ms for each block, interactions by users
do not have to wait, providing the best in class user experience of any
blockchain.  
Low Fees| Fees on Solana are well known to be low. With a median fee of
0.00064 SOL per transaction, Solana enables building for users across the
world regardless of background.  
High Throughput| Scaling to thousands of transactions per second, Solana is
built to scale with your application's user needs.  
  
## How to Use These Docs #

On the left you will find the docs sidebar. This lists the documentation in
order from basic to more advanced information. If you are new to Solana, we
recommend starting from the top and working your way down. However, you're
welcome to read them in any order that you like.

Once you're ready to start building, checkout the [Getting Started
section](/de/docs/intro/dev) and a guide to [build your first Solana
application](/de/developers/guides/getstarted/local-rust-hello-world).

## Need Help? #

Get help from the Solana community on the [Solana
StackExchange](https://solana.stackexchange.com).

[Previous« Terminology](/de/docs/terminology)[NextWallets
»](/de/docs/intro/wallets)

  * [Solana Dokumentation](/de/docs)

    * [JSON RPC Methods](/de/docs/rpc)
    * [Terminology](/de/docs/terminology)
  * Introduction

    * [Overview](/de/docs/intro/overview)
    * [Wallets](/de/docs/intro/wallets)
    * [Intro to Development](/de/docs/intro/dev)
  * Core Concepts

    * [Solana Account Model](/de/docs/core/accounts)
    * [Transactions and Instructions](/de/docs/core/transactions)
    * [Fees on Solana](/de/docs/core/fees)
    * [Programs on Solana](/de/docs/core/programs)
    * [Program Derived Address](/de/docs/core/pda)
    * [Cross Program Invocation](/de/docs/core/cpi)
    * [Tokens on Solana](/de/docs/core/tokens)
    * [Clusters & Endpoints](/de/docs/core/clusters)
  * Advanced Concepts

    * [Versioned Transactions](/de/docs/advanced/versions)
    * [Address Lookup Tables](/de/docs/advanced/lookup-tables)
    * [Confirmation & Expiration](/de/docs/advanced/confirmation)
    * [Retrying Transactions](/de/docs/advanced/retry)
    * [State Compression](/de/docs/advanced/state-compression)
  * Solana Clients

    * [Rust](/de/docs/clients/rust)
    * [JavaScript / TypeScript](/de/docs/clients/javascript)
    * [Web3.js API Examples](/de/docs/clients/javascript-reference)
  * [Economics](/de/docs/economics)

    * Inflation
      * [Proposed Inflation Schedule](/de/docs/economics/inflation/inflation-schedule)
      * [Inflation Terminology](/de/docs/economics/inflation/terminology)
    * [Staking](/de/docs/economics/staking)
      * [Stake Accounts](/de/docs/economics/staking/stake-accounts)
      * [Stake Programming](/de/docs/economics/staking/stake-programming)
  * Developing Programs

    * [Overview](/de/docs/programs/overview)
    * [Debugging Programs](/de/docs/programs/debugging)
    * [Deploying Programs](/de/docs/programs/deploying)
    * [Program Examples](/de/docs/programs/examples)
    * [FAQ](/de/docs/programs/faq)
    * [Developing with C](/de/docs/programs/lang-c)
    * [Developing with Rust](/de/docs/programs/lang-rust)
    * [Limitations](/de/docs/programs/limitations)
  * More Information

    * [Add Solana to Your Exchange](/de/docs/more/exchange)

Managed by

[](/de)

[](/youtube)[](/twitter)[](/discord)[](/reddit)[](/github)[](/telegram)

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

Solana

  * [Fördermittel](https://solana.org/grants)
  * [Break Solana](https://break.solana.com/)
  * [Media Kit](/de/branding)
  * [Karriere](https://jobs.solana.com/)
  * [Haftungsausschluss](/de/tos)
  * [Privacy Policy](/de/privacy-policy)

Get Connected

  * [Ökosystem](/de/ecosystem)
  * [Blog](/de/news)
  * [Newsletter](/de/newsletter)

de

© 2024 Solana Foundation. All rights reserved.

