  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Announcements](/blog?category=Announcements)
>  [Setting the Record Straight: 2018 Vulnerability](/blog/setting-the-record-
straight-2018-vulnerability)

##### Announcements

# Setting the Record Straight: 2018 Vulnerability

Published on: Feb 15, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Invitation for Meaningful Security Contributions**

##### In Brief

Setting the record straight on a previously disclosed vulnerability. Facts on
our prompt fix and dedication to protecting users.

![Setting the Record Straight: 2018
Vulnerability](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2F2018_vulnerability_31cfa4cd8f.png&w=3840&q=75)

### Introduction

Today, the community flagged a few news articles that allege the National
Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) is actively investigating a
vulnerability from 2018 in the iOS Trust Wallet app—which was promptly fixed
in the same year.

Firstly, we want to assure Trust Wallet users that their funds are safe and
the wallets are safe to use. Though there was a previous vulnerability in our
open-source code in early 2018 affecting a few thousand users only, the
vulnerability was quickly patched with the support of the security
community—and affected users were notified and migrated into safe wallets.

While we appreciate how much the community cares about the safety of our
platform, the articles and original security reports submitted to CVE, contain
several inaccuracies and the information presented is no longer relevant to
current Trust Wallet open source libraries and products. In this statement, we
will first clarify the inaccuracies, and share more on the previously resolved
vulnerability.

### Trust Wallet is Not Being Investigated by the United States Agencies

Contrary to what the articles state, Trust Wallet is not under investigation
by the U.S. government, U.S. cyber authorities, or NIST. The mention of the
National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) might imply official
government scrutiny. However, it's crucial to understand that NIST operates a
non-profit platform and database that allows any public member to submit
information for review and include it in the CVE database.

The information highlighted in the news articles did not come from an official
government-led investigation. Instead, the information was provided through a
submission to a publicly accessible, open database, where independent
representatives can submit vulnerability reports.

### The 2018 Vulnerability

The vulnerability mentioned, stemming from the use of the Trezor library, was
indeed identified in 2018 and existed for iOS wallets created between March
2018 and fixed in July 2018. This issue impacted a finite number of 10,000
downloads. Trust Wallet was an open-source project at this time, so all the
code commits and fixes are public and transparent at all times.

Besides fixing the code itself, Trust Wallet's founder took swift and
proactive steps to inform all impacted users and provided them with a secure
migration path, ensuring no user was left vulnerable. The identified
vulnerable wallet addresses in the Trust Wallet database are also found to not
have balances anymore.

### July 2023 Exploit

While the article and its’ security report sources accurately chronicles an
industry-wide library that was used in 2017 (before Trust Wallet) and used by
Trust Wallet iOS app in early 2018, it incorrectly implicates Trust Wallet as
the root cause of the July 2023 exploit.

Last year, our team carefully checked when the exploit happened. Strong
evidence showed that the wallets that got drained on July 12, 2023 are NOT
Trust Wallet specific and likely **caused by multiple sources, thus highly
unlikely for Trust Wallet to be the root cause**. First, we only found six
hundred addresses out of the two thousands hacked in our database, and we
don’t know if they were generated or imported into Trust Wallet. Also, only
1/3 of them have the 2018 Trust Wallet historical vulnerability. We have high
confidence that the 2018 Trust Wallet vulnerability was not the origin of the
July 2023 security breach.

## Invitation for Meaningful Security Contributions

We have benefited a lot from the security community’s support to keep our
platform safe. We continue to openly welcome and encourage meaningful
contributions to proactively prevent security incidents. In fact, members of
the community can use our [bug bounty](https://bugcrowd.com/binance) to
proactively identify vulnerabilities. Trust Wallet believes in the power of
collaboration and the importance of fact-based journalism. While it's crucial
to address security concerns and vulnerabilities, it is equally important to
ensure that the information shared with the public is accurate and up-to-date.

We want to reiterate to our users and the broader community that Trust Wallet
remains dedicated to providing a secure gateway to explore Web3. For more
information on our security measures and how we protect users’ assets, please
visit our [security page](https://trustwallet.com/security).

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

The most trusted & secure crypto wallet.

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

