[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D9%85%D8%AD%D9%81%D8%B8%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D8%AC%D9%87%D8%B2%D8%A9)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E7%A1%AC%E4%BB%B6%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/quest-ce-quun-wallet-physiquenbsp)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/was-ist-eine-hardware-wallet)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BC%D1%8B/security/%D0%A7%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D0%B0%D0%BF%D0%BF%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B0%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B9-%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BB%D1%91%D0%BA)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/que-es-una-billetera-de-hardware)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%ED%95%98%EB%93%9C%EC%9B%A8%EC%96%B4-%EC%A7%80%EA%B0%91%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/donanim-cuzdan-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/o-que-e-uma-carteira-hardware)

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D9%85%D8%AD%D9%81%D8%B8%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D8%AC%D9%87%D8%B2%D8%A9)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E7%A1%AC%E4%BB%B6%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/quest-ce-quun-wallet-physiquenbsp)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/was-ist-eine-hardware-wallet)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BC%D1%8B/security/%D0%A7%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D0%B0%D0%BF%D0%BF%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B0%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B9-%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BB%D1%91%D0%BA)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/que-es-una-billetera-de-hardware)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%ED%95%98%EB%93%9C%EC%9B%A8%EC%96%B4-%EC%A7%80%EA%B0%91%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/donanim-cuzdan-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/o-que-e-uma-carteira-hardware)

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up) __
  * ... __
  * What Is a Hardware Wallet?

The Classroom

PATHWAY G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)

chapter 2/4

# What Is a Hardware Wallet?

Aug 16, 2023 | **Updated Oct 26, 2023**

__Read 6 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Hardware%20Wallet%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-hardware-wallet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet&title=What%20Is%20a%20Hardware%20Wallet%3F "Reddit")

![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/09_Security_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
— Cryptocurrency hardware wallets are the most secure way to store your crypto
private keys.  
  
— A crypto private key is the essential link between a crypto owner and the
blockchain address where their assets are stored.  
  
— Ledger hardware wallet is the most secure hardware wallet on the market,
here we explain why  
  
If you’ve been exploring web3 either for five minutes or five years, you’ve
probably heard about hardware wallets. Like most crypto wallets, hardware
wallets use a public and private key pair. These keys provide the essential
link between a crypto owner and the blockchain address containing their
assets.  

The public key is the address you would share, allowing others to send crypto
to you. The private key, on the other hand, gives you exclusive access to the
crypto or data stored at the corresponding address. While these keys sound
like opposites, in fact, the public key is derived from the private key. This
means the two codes are inherently linked, guaranteeing that when you send
funds to a specific public address, only the person with the corresponding
private key can access them.

This is essentially true for most crypto wallets, these ones included. But
hardware wallets also have a key feature: They store private keys in a
specialized computer chip and sign transactions offline. While that may not
sound impressive, this simple feature allowed us to create some of the most
secure crypto wallets of today.

But before we dive into the details, let’s start with the basics. In fact,
what is a hardware wallet exactly?

## What Is a Hardware Wallet?

A hardware wallet is a physical device that stores your private keys in an
environment separated from an internet connection. Like other crypto wallets,
it provides users with a way to sign transactions and interact with the
blockchain.

While they are often confused with cold wallets, they are not the same thing.
Cold wallets are wallets specifically for vaulting assets—they never interact
with a smart contract. Hardware wallets, on the other hand, are capable of
acting as cold wallets but they also have some other interesting uses.

So what are they for exactly?

## What Is A Hardware Wallet For?

Hardware wallets were one of the most important crypto innovations in previous
years. To explain, the biggest risks to most owners of digital assets are
online threats. And those are exactly the types of scams that hardware wallets
mitigate. If you’re protecting any kind of value with your crypto wallet,
you’ll want to keep your keys offline.

 Then if you want to interact with any blockchain apps or platforms, you might
want to keep those interactions separated from your valuable assets. Luckily,
you can do all of this and more with a single hardware wallet. So let’s
explore the largest use-cases for hardware wallets:

### Managing multiple accounts on multiple chains

Firstly, hardware wallets can generate private keys for multiple blockchain
addresses. This means, you can manage accounts for multiple networks and
different types of accounts containing different types of assets all from the
same device. To keep those keys secure and easy-to-manage, your hardware
wallet generates a secret recovery phrase. This serves as a master key to all
of the private keys managed by that device. So, even if you have accounts on
multiple networks, you can always recover your accounts with that single
recovery phrase.

### Signing Transactions Offline

Their other key purpose is to sign transactions offline. To explain, this is
incredibly important, as anyone with your private keys can access your crypto.
Knowing that fact, bad actors will try to discover your private keys in order
to steal your funds; either physically or via your internet connection. Then,
once they get hold of them, they can control your whole crypto address and
everything in it.

To make sure your private keys are not revealed, hardware wallets sign your
transactions offline. This means your keys are safe from any potential hackers
on your internet-connected devices. And of course, it does this while allowing
you to access and manage your keys–signing transactions as you see fit.

### Cold Storage (Sometimes)

Some people also choose to use an account on their hardware wallet as a cold
wallet. To explain, the terms “cold wallet” and “hardware wallet” are not
synonymous.

So, [what is a cold
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet)
exactly?

Put simply, a cold wallet keeps private keys offline, much like all hardware
wallets – but its defining feature is that it never interacts with smart
contracts, apps or unknown wallets. In other words, a cold wallet is purely
for storing private keys and sending and receiving assets – not for engaging
with Web3 applications. And to clarify, an account on your hardware wallet
only stays cold if you do not connect it to apps and services.

While setting up this type of account is most user friendly on a hardware
wallet, it’s also possible to use sound or paper wallets as your cold wallet
too. That’s why these terms are not synonymous at all. However, hardware
wallets are still the most popular and user-friendly way to set up and manage
a cold wallet.

## How Does a Hardware Wallet Work?

So now you know what you might use a hardware wallet for, let’s look at the
underlying tech behind this special device. To operate correctly, a hardware
wallet must have a few different features; both digital and physical.

### A Computer Chip

Firstly, hardware wallets need computer chips in order to store information;
including your private keys and the firmware necessary for your hardware
wallet to operate. The exact computer chip they might use, and the security
associated with it, may differ from hardware wallet to hardware wallet. So
it’s always important to check which kind of chip is in yours.

Of course, all Ledger wallets benefit from a [Secure
Element](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/the-secure-element-
whistanding-security-attacks) chip, which is one of the most secure chips in
existence. This secure element chip is the same one you’ll find in your bank
card or passports—and it’s specifically designed to be tamper-proof.

### An Operating System Designed For Private Keys

Then, to make sure your hardware wallet can use that chip, it also needs an
operating system. To explain, the operating system of your device is the key
to actually managing complex tasks. It’s responsible for running the apps on
your device, while keeping them completely secure and protected from each
other.

However, it’s important to note that most computer chips are not directly
designed for storing private keys. Thus chips used for this purpose must have
a specific operating system. This is exactly why Ledger devices use a custom
operating system called [BOLOS](https://www.ledger.com/academy/security/our-
custom-operating-system-bolos).

### An Interface For Interacting With the Blockchain

The interface for your hardware wallet runs on an internet-connected device
such as a mobile phone or laptop. This allows you to send transactions to the
blockchain including managing your cryptocurrencies and taking part in web3
communities. You might be thinking, “But I can already access the blockchain
with my laptop, so what’s the point of a device that uses an interface on a
separate device?”

But in fact, your hardware wallet allows you to sign transactions offline. It
only uses your internet connected device to broadcast an already signed
transaction. Keeping that process offline keeps your private keys protected
from threats.

So how do these pieces work in practice? Let’s explore

## How a Hardware Wallet Processes A Blockchain Transaction

Essentially, hardware wallets process blockchain transactions similarly to
most wallets that use public and private keys. Firstly, it presents you with
the intent (which is essentially the full details of a transaction in an
unsigned state), then it prompts you to sign, and transmits that transaction
to the blockchain. If you’re not familiar with that process, make sure you
check out the full article on [how a blockchain transaction
works](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work)
first.

But now, let’s see how each component and feature of a hardware wallet works
together to illustrate this step-by-step:

  1. You connect your Hardware wallet to its interface on your phone or laptop via a cable or bluetooth
  2. You initialize a transaction using the hardware wallet’s interface
  3. Your hardware wallet presents you the “intent”, a.k.a. The details of your transaction, with the option to sign or reject its conditions.
  4. You approve the transaction by clicking “sign” in the wallet’s interface on your smartphone or laptop.
  5. Your hardware wallet will prompt you to confirm the transaction on the device itself. This is known as 2FA (two factor authentication) and ensures nobody can ever transact with your crypto private keys remotely.
  6. Your hardware wallet uses the private key in its computer chip to sign the transaction in a completely offline environment.
  7. The hardware wallet sends signed the transaction to your smartphone or laptop hosting its interface using the cable or bluetooth connection
  8.  The smartphone or laptop sends the already signed transaction to the blockchain for processing–without it ever seeing your private keys.

Of course, the process can also differ slightly from hardware wallet to
hardware wallet. However, if you’re interested in Ledger devices, make sure
you check out the full article on [how Ledger wallets process
transactions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-can-you-sign-online-
transactions-when-your-private-key-is-offline).

## Hardware Wallet Risks and How to Mitigate Them

Hardware wallets keep you safe from countless crypto risks, but of course,
they can’t protect you from everything. There are some inherent risks with
using hardware wallets, and it’s important to understand each one to take the
necessary precautions.

### The Security of your Secret Recovery Phrase and Private keys

We’ve said it before and we’ll say it again; Your private keys and secret
recovery phrase are extremely important to keep secret. Anyone with access to
your private keys will have access to the accounts associated with them.  But
even worse, anyone with access to your secret recovery phrase will have access
to every single account protected by your hardware wallet. Your hardware
wallet can’t protect any of your accounts if its secret recovery phrase is
compromised. Storing the backup of your secret recovery phrase is extremely
important—make sure that wherever you store it, no one else knows where it is.
Yes—don’t even tell your partner!

### Avoiding Malicious Smart Contracts

We know that hardware wallets are perfect for protecting your assets from
online threats and hacks. But unfortunately, they can’t stop you from signing
malicious smart contracts.

To explain, a lot of web3 is about interacting with smart contracts, a sort of
blockchain-based computer program that allows for decentralized blockchain
apps and platforms. More often than not, this doesn’t pose a risk. However,
not all smart contracts are friendly or kind. Malicious smart contracts might
try to steal your assets. Then, not all wallets display the full details of
the transactions you are signing. This makes it impossible to know for sure
what you’re agreeing to, until the transaction executes. This type of signing
is called [blind signing](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cryptos-greatest-
weakness-blind-signing-explained), and it can pose a significant risk to your
assets.

Within the Ledger ecosystem, you can mitigate this risk by accessing
blockchain apps and smart contracts using Ledger Live. Ledger Live offers
clear signing, meaning you can always transact in safety. However, when using
other hardware wallets, or when you might want to connect your Ledger to a
platform or app outside the ledger ecosystem, you may have to blind sign a
transaction now and again.

So, how do you protect your hardware wallet from malicious smart contracts
when blind signing?

Simply, by segregating your assets into multiple accounts controlled by a
single hardware wallet. To explain, since you can create multiple accounts
protected by a single device, and these accounts are independent from each
other, you can mitigate the risk of malicious smart contracts by segregating
your assets. All you have to do is set up multiple accounts and designate each
for separate tasks.

To learn more about how to do this correctly, make sure you check out the full
article on how to segregate your crypto assets. But essentially, splitting up
your valuable assets into multiple wallets mitigates your risk because even if
you sign a bad transaction with one account, your others will stay safe. That
means you can transact wherever you like from the same Ledger device that’s
protecting your most valuable assets. Each account operates separately.

## How To Choose A Hardware Wallet

Now that you know hardware wallets are the best option for protecting and
managing crypto, you might be wondering how to get your hands on your own
device and which one to choose. For the full details, check out the article on
[how to choose a hardware wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-
basics/owning-and-using-it/how-to-choose-your-hardware-wallet). But put
simply, you should focus on a few key things including; its purpose, its
flexibility, its accessibility and its security.

Ledger has a hardware wallet for every use. So, if you like NFTs and
customization, you might want to check out the Ledger Stax. If you prefer
simplicity, you may prefer the Ledger Nano. You can rest assured that Ledger
devices all benefit from the same top-notch security model no matter which one
you choose. In fact, no Ledger device has ever been hacked! If you still can’t
decide, make sure you check out the tool to [compare crypto
wallets](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison).

## How To Use a Hardware Wallet

If you’re ready to use your hardware wallet, you might want to know where to
start. So, here are some of the ways you can get going with yours.

### For the first time

Using a hardware wallet for the first time means connecting the device to your
computer or smartphone and installing the relevant interface software. When
you initialize this connection, the wallet will  automatically generate a
secret recovery phrase (or seed phrase). This code is like the master key to
all of the accounts the hardware wallet protects. Thus, it’s also important to
keep this code hidden. From there, you can generate multiple crypto accounts
and manage them on that device. Yes, that means you can store all of their
private keys with that single device—protected by a single recovery phrase.

### Migrating your existing crypto to your new hardware wallet

If you already have some crypto, you can also [secure your existing
cryptocurrency in a hardware wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-
basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano).
To do so, just open up a new account for each ecosystem’s asset on your
device. For example, if you already own some ETH and some ADA, you will have
to install two new accounts on your Ledger device: one for Ether and one for
Cardano. From there, you can send your cryptocurrencies to those respective
accounts and rest assured your crypto is secure.

If you’re moving assets from a software wallet to your hardware wallet, you
may be tempted to “import” your keys over to your new hardware wallet using
your software wallet’s secret recovery phrase. However, this is not
particularly secure. To explain, even a hardware wallet can’t protect private
keys that were already exposed online. If you were using a software wallet,
you have no guarantee that your keys were never exposed—and that defeats a
hardware wallet’s main purpose! As a result, it’s imperative to generate
brand-new private keys for each asset.  

In the same vein, you should never import your hardware wallet secret recovery
phrase into a software wallet. This would store a copy of your keys on your
internet connected device, which wouldn’t be very safe.

## Ledger Crypto Security Solutions

So, now you know: Hardware wallets combine multiple security components and
features to give you full control over your private keys.

Navigating Web3 securely means staying equipped with the right tools, as well
as understanding the risks you face in this new environment. Ledger’s mission
is to provide you with both, so that you can explore with confidence.

## Knowledge is Power.

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/02/YT_THUMBNAILS_09-1024x576.jpg)](https://www.ledger.com/academy/enter-
the-trust-zone/even-more-security)

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=What%20Is%20a%20Hardware%20Wallet%3F&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-hardware-wallet
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet&title=What%20Is%20a%20Hardware%20Wallet%3F "Reddit")

[ Next up: What Is a Cold Wallet?
](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What
Is a Cold Wallet?")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

[The Best Bitcoin Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-tolerance-
in-crypto-what-is-it)

[Byzantine Fault Tolerance in Crypto: What Is
It?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/byzantine-fault-
tolerance-in-crypto-what-is-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

[What Is VeChain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-vechain)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * [العربية](https://www.ledger.com/ar/academy/%D9%85%D8%A7-%D9%87%D9%8A-%D9%85%D8%AD%D9%81%D8%B8%D8%A9-%D8%A7%D9%84%D8%A3%D8%AC%D9%87%D8%B2%D8%A9)
    * [简体中文](https://www.ledger.com/zh-hans/academy/%E4%BB%80%E4%B9%88%E6%98%AF%E7%A1%AC%E4%BB%B6%E9%92%B1%E5%8C%85)
    * [Français](https://www.ledger.com/fr/academy/quest-ce-quun-wallet-physiquenbsp)
    * [Deutsch](https://www.ledger.com/de/academy/was-ist-eine-hardware-wallet)
    * [Русский](https://www.ledger.com/ru/academy/%D1%82%D0%B5%D0%BC%D1%8B/security/%D0%A7%D1%82%D0%BE-%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%BA%D0%BE%D0%B5-%D0%B0%D0%BF%D0%BF%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%B0%D1%82%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B9-%D0%BA%D0%BE%D1%88%D0%B5%D0%BB%D1%91%D0%BA)
    * [Español](https://www.ledger.com/es/academy/que-es-una-billetera-de-hardware)
    * [한국어](https://www.ledger.com/ko/academy/%ED%95%98%EB%93%9C%EC%9B%A8%EC%96%B4-%EC%A7%80%EA%B0%91%EC%9D%B4%EB%9E%80)
    * [Türkçe](https://www.ledger.com/tr/academy/donanim-cuzdan-nedir)
    * [Português](https://www.ledger.com/pt-br/academy/o-que-e-uma-carteira-hardware)

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=11a67b8c-c512-4b7e-9e4d-4d56570d4ddf&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a247bc58-125f-401a-b3a2-71e68ec7364d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-
wallet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=11a67b8c-c512-4b7e-9e4d-4d56570d4ddf&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=a247bc58-125f-401a-b3a2-71e68ec7364d&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-
wallet&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=1781fcb0-8351-4511-95c2-de9b62ba4ac1&sid=e13007001cfc11ef9da8735fa3e9fd85&vid=e1300f001cfc11ef883dbdeeb5891c4c&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=What%20Is%20a%20Hardware%20Wallet%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet&r=&lt=1519&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=625940)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A16%3A31%20GMT&n=0&b=What%20Is%20a%20Hardware%20Wallet%3F%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fcrypto-
hardware-wallet&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

