  * **Wallet**[**Mobile App** The world of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3 experience for desktop](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[**Swaps** Swap securely and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security** Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto** Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)
  * **Build**[**Developer Docs** Get guides for building powerful Web3 applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core** Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit dApp** Get your dApp in front of millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get assets listed** Elevate your asset’s exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[**FAQ** Get answers to your most pressing questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[**About Us** Discover who we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

DarkLightLanguage

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

[](/)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.4edbb099.svg)[**Mobile App** The world
of Web3 in your pocket](/download)[**Browser Extension** An optimized Web3
experience for desktop](/browser-extension)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.e7c57d68.svg)[**Swaps** Swap securely
and seamlessly](/swap)[**Staking** Earn crypto rewards while securing
networks](/staking)[**NFTs** Explore the world of NFTs](/nft)[**Security**
Learn how we keep your assets & Web3 journey safe](/security)[**Buy Crypto**
Buy crypto in under five minutes](/buy-crypto)[**SWIFT: Smart Contract
Wallet** Explore Web3 easily with account abstraction features](/swift)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.b373ab3f.svg)[**Developer Docs** Get
guides for building powerful Web3
applications](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[**Wallet Core**
Open-source, mobile-focused crypto wallet
library](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[**Submit
dApp** Get your dApp in front of
millions](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[**Get
assets listed** Elevate your asset’s
exposure](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.1211abf0.svg)[**FAQ** Get answers to
your most pressing
questions](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[**Community
Forum** Connect with our vibrant and diverse
community](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[**Contact Us** Reach out for
personalized support](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)

![Blue Shield](/_next/static/media/raw.9a6dd06f.svg)[**About Us** Discover who
we are and what drives us](/about-us)[**Careers** Join us in shaping the
future of Web3](/careers)[**Press Kit** Download our official logo and other
media assets](/press)[**Blog** Stay up-to-date on Web3 trends and
insights](/blog)[**Terms of Service** What you need to know to use our
services](/terms-of-service)[**Privacy Policy** Your privacy matters, learn
how we protect it](/privacy-policy)

[](/)

WalletFeaturesBuildSupportAbout

Language

[Download](/download)

[Home](/)  >  [Blog](/blog)  >  [Guides](/blog?category=Guides)  >  [A
Beginner's Guide to Node AI and the GPU Token](/blog/node-ai-gpu-token)

##### Guides

# A Beginner's Guide to Node AI and the GPU Token

Published on: Apr 24, 2024

##### Share post

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **What is Node AI?**
  * **How Does Node AI Work?**
  * **Node AI Importance and Use Cases**
  * **What is the GPU Token?**
  * **GPU Tokenomics**
  * **How to Deposit GPU to Your Trust Wallet Address**

##### In Brief

Explore our beginner’s guide to Node AI, a project offering decentralized
access to powerful AI and GPU resources.

![A Beginner's Guide to Node AI and the GPU
Token](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnode_AI_gpu_token_35720b1128.png&w=3840&q=75)

Artificial Intelligence (AI) demands immense processing power, often
concentrated in expensive, centralized resources. This lack of accessible
resources can leave many AI developers and businesses without the tools they
need to bring their ideas to life. It’s one of the reasons
[Nvidia](https://trustwallet.com/blog/nvidia-connection-to-ai-
cryptocurrencies) has risen to popularity in recent times, and why we’re
covering Node AI in this article.

This guide dives deep into [Node AI](https://trustwallet.com/node-ai-wallet),
a revolutionary platform built on the power of decentralization. Node AI
belongs to the category of [AI crypto coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-
ai-crypto-tokens), which represents blockchain projects revolutionizing how
users access and utilize AI resources. By leveraging blockchain technology,
Node AI offers a solution that breaks down barriers and unlocks a new era of
accessible AI resources.

### Before You Get Started

Before you explore Node AI (GPU) in more detail, it’s important to remember
that you can manage your [GPU tokens](https://trustwallet.com/node-ai-wallet)
using Trust Wallet. Trust Wallet is a popular option for managing various [AI
crypto coins](https://trustwallet.com/blog/top-ai-crypto-coins-explained).

You can download Trust Wallet as a mobile app, or you can install the Trust
Wallet Extension for your desktop browser.

![node-AI-gpu-token-1.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnode_AI_gpu_token_1_1f7bc09884.png&w=3840&q=75)

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

## What is Node AI?

[Node AI](https://trustwallet.com/node-ai-wallet) is a decentralized platform,
revolutionizing access to GPU and AI resources. Node AI harnesses the power of
blockchain technology to create a transparent and secure ecosystem. Users can
effortlessly [rent AI nodes](https://manage.nodes.ai/nodes), leverage GPU
power, stake tokens for revenue, and seamlessly integrate AI functionalities
into their operations. Node AI dismantles the barriers to accessing cutting-
edge computational resources, ushering in a new era of democratized AI and GPU
utilization.

## How Does Node AI Work?

Node AI cultivates a thriving ecosystem founded on collaboration and the
collective utilization of resources. Let's delve into the key players and how
they interact within the platform:

### AI Developers and Businesses

These users represent the demand side of the equation. They require access to
AI processing power for various tasks like machine learning, data analysis, or
complex simulations. Node AI provides them with multiple options:

  * **Renting AI nodes:** For consistent and ongoing processing needs, users can rent pre-configured AI servers equipped with powerful GPUs on a monthly subscription basis.

  * **On-demand nodes:** For users with occasional or one-time processing requirements, Node AI offers on-demand AI servers accessible on an hourly basis. This pay-as-you-go approach optimizes resource allocation and cost-effectiveness for users with sporadic needs.

  * **AI API endpoints:** Developers can leverage Node AI's comprehensive set of API endpoints, designed specifically for various AI applications, to seamlessly integrate AI functionalities into existing projects. This simplifies the process of incorporating AI features.

### GPU Owners

These individuals or entities possess the processing power required by AI
developers. Node AI empowers them to contribute their idle GPU resources to
the network and earn a passive income stream. Here's how it works:

  * **GPU power lending:** GPU owners can contribute their hardware to the Node AI network. The platform matches their idle processing power with user demand, and owners earn GPU tokens in proportion to their GPU's utilization. This transforms underutilized resources into a valuable income source.

![node-AI-gpu-token-3.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnode_AI_gpu_token_3_6a7c435b80.png&w=3840&q=75)

## Node AI Importance and Use Cases

Node AI's decentralized approach unlocks a treasure trove of possibilities for
individuals and businesses alike. AI developers, researchers, and companies
can leverage the platform's on-demand access to powerful processing resources
to tackle complex tasks. This translates to cost-effective training of
intricate machine learning models, experimentation with cutting-edge AI
algorithms, and accelerated research and development cycles.

The creative realm flourishes with Node AI as well. Content creators can
leverage AI-powered tools for video editing, animation rendering, and image
processing, all facilitated by the immense processing power readily available
on the platform. Scientific computing and simulations take center stage too,
empowering researchers to conduct complex simulations and analyze massive
datasets across various fields, from life sciences to engineering and big data
analysis.

But the impact extends beyond research and creation. Businesses can utilize
Node AI for a variety of applications, including fraud detection in financial
services, and product development optimization. As Node AI continues to
evolve, it has the potential to become a fundamental tool for anyone seeking
to harness the power of AI in a decentralized, accessible, and cost-effective
way.

## What is the GPU Token?

The [GPU token](https://trustwallet.com/node-ai-wallet) is the native token
for the Node AI ecosystem. It serves multiple purposes, facilitating
transactions, incentivizing participation, and driving the overall health of
the Node AI ecosystem.

GPU tokens act as the primary currency for accessing various resources within
Node AI. Whether you're an AI developer seeking to rent processing power, or a
GPU owner looking to monetize your idle hardware, [GPU
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/node-ai-wallet) are the key to unlocking these
functionalities. Users pay GPU tokens to:

  * Rent AI nodes (monthly subscriptions)

  * Access on-demand processing power (hourly)

### Earning Rewards

The GPU token isn't just for spending; it's also a gateway to earning
potential. Both AI developers and GPU owners can earn GPU tokens for their
contributions to the ecosystem:

  * **AI developers:** By utilizing the platform's resources (renting AI nodes or on-demand processing), developers can potentially earn GPU tokens through various reward programs or staking initiatives

  * **GPU owners:** By lending their GPUs to the network, they earn GPU tokens based on the amount of usage their hardware receives. This transforms idle resources into a valuable income stream.

### Staking Opportunities

For those seeking an additional layer of financial gain, Node AI offers
staking options. Users can lock up their [GPU
tokens](https://trustwallet.com/node-ai-wallet) for a set period to earn
rewards. These rewards can come in the form of additional GPU tokens or even
Ethereum (ETH), depending on the specific staking program.

## GPU Tokenomics

  * **Total supply:** There's a fixed total supply of 100 million GPU tokens.

  * **Liquidity:** A significant portion (90%) of the tokens are allocated for liquidity purposes. This ensures smooth trading and price stability for $GPU on cryptocurrency exchanges.

  * **Centralized exchanges (CEX):** The remaining 10% is allocated for distribution on CEXs, making the token more readily accessible to a wider audience.

  * **No team tokens:** It's important to note that Node AI does not allocate any tokens for the team. Instead, the team operates on real revenue generated by the platform, demonstrating a commitment to long-term project success.

  * **Transaction tax:** A 4% tax is levied on both buy and sell transactions of GPU tokens. This tax is broken down as follows: GPU expansion & maintenance (2%), marketing (1%), and revenue sharing pool (1%).

## How to Deposit GPU to Your Trust Wallet Address

You can deposit GPU from another [crypto
wallet](https://trustwallet.com/blog/crypto-wallet) address or from a
centralized exchange. Here’s how:)

  * Select “Receive” from the home screen.

  * Search for “GPU” and select it.

![node-AI-gpu-token-2.gif](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2Fnode_AI_gpu_token_2_c0eae1cc38.gif&w=3840&q=75)

From here you have two options. You can either:

  1. Copy your deposit address and use that on your exchange account or other [crypto wallet](https://trustwallet.com/download) to send funds to.

  2. Use the “Deposit from exchange” option to deposit crypto seamlessly from your exchange account.

Remember that in addition to GPU, Trust Wallet lets you manage and interact
with 10M+ crypto assets across 100+ blockchains. Download the latest version
of Trust Wallet today.

[![Download-Trust-Wallet-Button.png](/_next/image?url=https%3A%2F%2Fstrapi-
cdn.trustwallet.com%2FDownload_Trust_Wallet_Button_3b2b015a21.png&w=3840&q=75)](https://short.trustwallet.com/TW-
SEOblog)

Join the Trust Wallet community on [Telegram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Telegram-
Announcements) Follow us on [X (formerly Twitter)](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Twitter-Blog) [Instagram](https://rebrand.ly/TW-Insta-Blog)
[Facebook](https://rebrand.ly/TW-FB-Blog) [Reddit](https://rebrand.ly/TW-
Reddit-Blog) [Warpcast](https://warpcast.com/trustwalletapp)

> **Note:** Any cited numbers, figures, or illustrations are reported at the
> time of writing, and are subject to change.

#### Simple and convenient to use, seamless to explore

[Download Trust Wallet](/download)

##### Stay Connected:

[](https://facebook.com/trustwalletapp)[](https://github.com/trustwallet)[](https://instagram.com/trustwallet)[](https://twitter.com/trustwallet)[](https://discord.gg/trustwallet)[](https://reddit.com/r/trustapp)[](https://t.me/trustwallet)

  * **Wallet**[Mobile App](/download)[Browser Extension](/browser-extension)
  * **Features**[Buy Crypto](/buy-crypto)[Swaps](/swap)[Staking](/staking)[NFTs](/nft)[Security](/security)[SWIFT: Smart Contract Wallet](/swift)
  * **Build**[Developer Docs](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/)[Wallet Core](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/wallet-core)[Submit dApp](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-dapps)[Get assets listed](https://developer.trustwallet.com/developer/listing-new-assets)
  * **Support**[FAQ](https://community.trustwallet.com/c/helpcenter/8)[Community Forum](https://community.trustwallet.com/)[Contact Us](https://support.trustwallet.com/en/support/home)
  * **About**[About Us](/about-us)[Careers](/careers)[Press Kit](/press)[Terms of Service](/terms-of-service)[Privacy Policy](/privacy-policy)[Blog](/blog)
  * ![A-LIGN ISO 27701](/_next/static/media/image.8354ab2c.svg)![A-LIGN ISO 27001](/_next/static/media/image.7f0b3bc9.svg)

**Download Trust Wallet**

[Download for iOS](https://apps.apple.com/app/apple-
store/id1288339409?mt=8)[Download
Extension![Chrome](/_next/static/media/raw.7dd85797.svg)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/trust-
wallet/egjidjbpglichdcondbcbdnbeeppgdph)[Download APK](/download/apk)[Download
for Android![App
Store](/_next/image?url=%2F_next%2Fstatic%2Fmedia%2Fimage.5ee64b2e.png&w=256&q=75)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.wallet.crypto.trustapp)

