[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvZGlzY292ZXItdGhlLW1hZ2ljLW9mLWJpbmFuY2UtZ2lmdC1jYXJkcy1lYXN5LXNlY3VyZS1hbmQtZmVlZnJlZS02NzAxODc4MDExNTY3MDE1NjAwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvZGlzY292ZXItdGhlLW1hZ2ljLW9mLWJpbmFuY2UtZ2lmdC1jYXJkcy1lYXN5LXNlY3VyZS1hbmQtZmVlZnJlZS02NzAxODc4MDExNTY3MDE1NjAwP2xhbmc9ZW4%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Discover the Magic of Binance Gift Cards: Easy, Secure, and Fee-Free!

2024-03-08

## Main Takeaways:

  * Binance Gift Cards offer a zero-fee, secure, and easy entry into the world of crypto for anyone, regardless of their current crypto ownership or Binance account status.

  * With a variety of cryptocurrencies available and a flexible choice of merchants, purchasing, redeeming, and sending Binance Gift Cards is designed to be straightforward and user-friendly.

  * Binance continues to innovate the ways in which Binance Pay and other services enhance the crypto experience and make digital finance more inclusive and accessible for all.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240308/95dabb0c-80dd-423b-bf26-7ea36acab92b)

Binance Gift Card is your passport to the world of crypto. A perfect present
for any occasion, these Gift Cards make sending and receiving selected
cryptocurrencies seamless — all with zero fees! Whether or not you have a
Binance account or currently own any digital assets, Binance Gift Cards open
the doors to everyone. Their simplicity, inclusivity, and ease of use truly
set them apart.

In this blog, we’ll explore the benefits of Binance Gift Cards, including fee-
free transactions and top-notch security, as well as simplicity of purchasing
and redeeming these cards, variety of cryptocurrencies available, and diverse
selection of merchants. Step-by-step instructions will make buying, redeeming,
sending, and creating gift cards a breeze. Join us as we explore how Binance
Gift Cards are not just gifts, but gateways to the expansive world of crypto!

## Key Benefits

### 1.  Fee-Free Transfer Service

You can use Binance Gift Cards not only for gifting, but also as a fee-free
transfer service to send crypto to anyone globally — all courtesy of the
Transfer Crypto function. One of the main perks of Binance Gift Cards is zero
redemption or sending fees.

### 2\. Robust Security at Your Convenience

With Binance Gift Cards, you don’t have to choose between convenience and
safety. While the gift cards offer an effortless process for cryptocurrency
transactions, they also uphold Binance’s stringent security standards. Binance
integrates reliable security protocols to provide a seamless experience that
assures peace of mind.

### 3\. Ease of Purchase & Universal Access

Gifting has never been simpler! Each Binance Gift Card comes with an easy-to-
use 16-digit code. Simply entering this code into a Binance account deposits
the gift into the recipient’s wallet. It’s an effortless process that even
first-time users can navigate in just a few taps.

### 4\. Multiple Popular Cryptocurrencies Available

Binance Gift Cards are sold by our merchants in various denominations such as
USDT, BNB, BTC, ETH, USDC, MATIC, SOL, and many more.

### 5\. Flexibility When Choosing a Merchant

Find the best deals on various Gift Card marketplaces, for example, by
choosing from a variety of resellers and payment methods on G2A digital
marketplace, or purchase Binance Gift Cards from AR-Pay, where you can
choose**** from a wide selection of available cryptocurrencies, including BNB,
BTC, ETH, MATIC.

To purchase Binance Gift Cards gas-free using Binance Pay, you can use a
variety of platforms, such as Baxity, Coinsbee, or MooGold.

See more merchants listed on our [_dedicated
page_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/merchant).

## How to Purchase Binance Gift Cards

1\. Browse through our[ ](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/merchant)[_list
of verified Binance Gift Card merchants_](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-
card/merchant).

2\. Purchase the Gift Card of your choice.

## How to Redeem Binance Gift Cards

1\. Log in to your Binance app and tap **[Profile]** \- **[Gift Card]** to
enter the Gift Card Marketplace.

2\. Tap **[Redeem]**.

3\. To redeem a Binance Gift Card and credit the funds to your Binance Wallet
immediately, tap **[Redeem to crypto]**.

4\. Enter the redemption code and tap **[Redeem]**. The funds will be credited
to your Binance Funding Wallet immediately.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240308/4938bcd6-1c35-46e0-85af-d031990fc9ae)

[_Click here_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-do-i-redeem-a-gift-
card-on-binance-277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c) for a more detailed guide on
how to redeem Binance Gift Cards.

## How to Send Binance Gift Cards

1\. After purchasing or receiving a Gift Card, log in to your Binance App and
tap **[Wallet]** **\- [Funding] - [Gift Card]**.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240308/3ba31c30-5563-4de9-9af9-e35daddbd986)

2\. Tap **[User]** to view all the gift cards you own.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240308/b00010c7-cbad-400d-a78e-6500f3a381dc)

3\. Tap the card you want to give, then tap **[Send]** to transfer the gift
card via text, email, or a Binance account registered email / phone number.

3.1 Send via text

Select **[Send via text].** Tap**[Copy code]** to copy the redemption code, or
tap**[Copy entire text]** to copy the message and send the gift card to your
recipient.

3.2 Send via email

Select **[Send via Email]** and enter the recipient’s email. You can also
include a message for them at this step. Before confirming the transfer, tap
**[Preview]** to preview the email. Then tap **[Send]** once you’ve confirmed
the amount and email content.

3.3 Send to account

Select **[Send to account],** then enter the recipient’s Binance account email
address or phone number. After confirming the amount, tap **[Send]** to send
the gift card.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240308/49dc54f0-e7cd-4a37-9d4f-546f8fb1192a)

[_Click here_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-create-and-send-
binance-gift-cards-d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30) for a more detailed guide
on how to send Binance Gift Cards.

## How to Create Binance Gift Cards

 _Please note that only_ _**verified enterprise accounts**_ _can create gift
cards._

1\. Log in to your Binance App and tap **[Profile]** \- **[Gift Card]**.

2\. Tap**** the **[+]** button at the bottom of the screen.

3\. Tap **[Buy Gift Card]**.

4\. Select the crypto you want to send and enter the amount. You can also
customize the design of your gift card by tapping **[Change theme]**. Next,
tap **[Proceed]** and check the payment details before tapping **[Confirm]**.

5\. Complete 2FA to confirm the transaction. The amount will be deducted from
your Spot/Funding Wallet accordingly.

[_Click here_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-become-a-binance-
gift-card-merchant-119a50f681d24dca8014f60698a2dbea) for a more detailed guide
on how to create Binance Gift Cards.

## Explore Other Binance Pay Products

Beyond gift cards, Binance offers a comprehensive suite of services designed
with the goal of making cryptocurrency transactions as effortless and
inclusive as possible.

For example, Send Cash is a feature that allows you to easily send money using
Binance Pay, providing a quick, secure solution for remittances and wallet
top-ups.

Binance Pay itself is a contactless, borderless and secure cryptocurrency
payment technology that can make a significant difference in how you transact.
Pair it with your Binance Gift Card and unlock a whole new world of financial
convenience and freedom.

Finally, we regularly introduce new products and features designed to enhance
user experience and broaden your transactional possibilities. No matter your
digital finance needs, Binance has got you covered.

## Final Thoughts

At Binance, we want to demystify crypto, making it accessible and user-
friendly for all. Through the likes of Binance Gift Cards and Binance Pay —
coupled with our comprehensive suite of services — we’re dedicated to creating
a secure, responsive ecosystem tailored to your needs.

Our focus is on practical, innovative solutions that simplify digital finance,
ensuring that anyone can participate in the cryptocurrency space with
confidence. As we move forward, our goal remains to provide reliable and
straightforward access to digital currencies, reflecting our dedication to
user empowerment and financial inclusivity. Join us on this journey today!

* * *

**Disclaimer:** _Digital asset prices can be volatile. The value of your
investment may go down or up and you may not get back the amount invested. You
are solely responsible for your investment decisions and Binance is not liable
for any losses you may incur. Not financial advice. For more information, see
our Terms of Use, Binance Pay Terms of Use and Risk Warning._

195,032,677 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

62

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Discover the Magic of Binance Gift Cards: Easy, Secure, and Fee-Free!

Main Takeaways:

Key Benefits

How to Purchase Binance Gift Cards

How to Redeem Binance Gift Cards

How to Send Binance Gift Cards

How to Create Binance Gift Cards

Explore Other Binance Pay Products

Final Thoughts

195,032,677 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject All Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

