[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security") __
  * ... __
  * The Best Bitcoin Wallets in 2024

# The Best Bitcoin Wallets in 2024

By **Vineet Nair**

May 10, 2024 | **Updated May 10, 2024**

Beginner

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=The%20Best%20Bitcoin%20Wallets%20in%202024&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets&title=The%20Best%20Bitcoin%20Wallets%20in%202024 "Reddit")

![purple closed belt on a grey background.](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/07/09_Security_Cover_Grey-1024x432.jpg)

If you’ve got any cryptocurrency at all, you’ve probably got some Bitcoin. But
did you know that choosing a [Bitcoin
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin) might be more difficult
than it seems? Essentially, choosing the best Bitcoin wallet for you depends
on your needs and level of experience. Put simply, not all crypto wallets are
compatible with every asset or chain within the Bitcoin ecosystem.

Beyond that, different Bitcoin wallets have different security features too.
For example, hot wallets come with risks since they’re connected to the
internet. Hardware wallets, on the other hand, keep private keys much more
secure, but they might not offer support for more experimental assets and
chains.

If you’re feeling a bit overwhelmed by all the choices out there, don’t worry!
Whether you’re looking for something super secure or just easy to use, this
list will take you through all of the features to compare so you can make an
informed decision. And of course, if you need a refresher, check out the
article on [what a Bitcoin
wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-a-bitcoin-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work) is to get started.

So, are you ready to find the best Bitcoin wallet for you? Let’s dive in.

## 6 Best Bitcoin Hot Wallets

Hot (software) wallets operate via software on your computer or smartphone.
This is very handy and inexpensive, and thus software wallets are typically
most beginner’s first crypto wallet. There are a range of Bitcoin hot wallets
available: some just allow you to manage Bitcoin and others offer support for
alternative Bitcoin assets and layer 2 chains.

Of course, it’s important to note that all hot wallets share a weakness: where
they store your private keys. Hot wallets store private keys on their host
devices, i.e. your laptop or smartphone. These internet-connected devices are
vulnerable to hacking. Thus, you should never store large amounts of crypto
with a hot wallet. Otherwise, a great option is connecting it to a hardware
wallet to get the best of both worlds. If that’s the functionality you need,
pay attention to which of the following software (hot) wallets are compatible
with hardware wallets.

So now you know about all hot wallets, let’s look at the best bitcoin versions
available.

### **Leather Wallet**

![leather wallet \(hiro\) logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/leather-icon.jpg)

Formerly known as Hiro, Leather was originally released in December 2018.
Leather is essentially a non-custodial software (hot) wallet for BTC and
alternative Bitcoin assets.

Today, it’s probably the most popular crypto wallet for managing alternative
Bitcoin assets such as Ordinals, BRC-20 tokens, and stamps. But of course, you
can also use Leather to deposit, view, create, trade, and transfer assets on
the Bitcoin mainnet. It also supports Bitcoin layer 2 chain Stacks, with
support for the Lightning network coming soon.

Beyond these core use cases, Leather also has another important feature:
support for Ledger hardware wallets! In short,  Leather connects with Ledger
devices giving you the best of both worlds: the security of a hardware wallet
and the convenience of a software wallet

#### **Leather Wallet Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token support|
layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop
version| Browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Leather Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/leather.jpg)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes| FREE| Ordinals, Stacks, Runes, Stamps, BNS, BRC-20,
SRC-20| Stacks| No| Requires an account on exchanges| Yes (not compatible with
hardware wallets)| Yes (only BTC and STX)| Yes  
  
#### Leather Wallet Pros and Cons

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Supports alternative Bitcoin assets such as Bitcoin ordinals and Stamps|
❌Doesn’t offer support for any assets or chains outside the BTC ecosystem  
✅ Offers an option to connect to a hardware wallet to keep your assets safe.|
❌The mobile app is not compatible with hardware wallets  
✅ Also supports Bitcoin Layer 2 Stacks, with Lightning network coming soon|
❌The desktop version doesn’t support ordinals or stamps  
  
#### Sparrow Wallet

![sparrow wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/sparrow-1024x1024.jpg)

Sparrow Wallet is a Bitcoin wallet with a focus on security and usability. It
can operate both online and offline, depending on how you set up your crypto
wallet. While it is a software wallet, it offers some options for those who
want to set up cold wallets and create air-gapped wallets too. Beyond that, it
also allows you to coordinate multi-sig wallets and manage Bitcoin ordinals.
It also offers a built-in blockchain explorer feature, allowing you to track
transactions. Importantly, it’s compatible with your Ledger hardware wallet,
meaning you can guarantee the private keys to your accounts stay offline.

In short, Sparrow wallet is great for those with experience in the Bitcoin
blockchain: it offers a range of complex features and advanced functionality.
However, if you’re a beginner, you may want to opt for a Bitcoin wallet with
more intuitive features.

#### **Sparrow Wallet Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token support|
layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop
version| Browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Sparrow Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/sparrow.jpg)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes| FREE| Ordinals| No| No| No| No| Yes (with built-in block
explorer)| No  
  
#### **Sparrow Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers support for managing Bitcoin Ordinals| ❌ Not user-friendly: complex
for beginners to use  
✅ Is very secure: offers multiple options for creating cold and air-gapped
accounts| ❌Doesn’t support any other networks other than Bitcoin  
✅ Compatible with Ledger Hardware wallets| ❌Doesn’t offer mobile or browser
versions  
  
### Exodus Wallet

![exodus wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/exodus.jpg)

Exodus wallet is a versatile hot wallet that allows you to manage assets on a
range of networks, not just Bitcoin. Since it launched in 2016, it’s had ample
time to develop its security features and introduce a wide range of features.
For example, it has a choice of on-ramping providers and it’s also suitable
for managing NFTs and connecting to dapps on alternative networks.

That said, it doesn’t support many alternative Bitcoin assets or layer 2s.
While you can’t use Exodus wallet to manage Bitcoin ordinals, it does allow
you to access Lightning, a Bitcoin layer 2 chain. While it is compatible with
one hardware wallet brand, it’s not compatible with any others. All in all,
Exodus crypto wallet is a good choice for those limited by a specific
operating system but less suitable for managing alternative assets or large
holdings securely.

#### **Exodus Wallet Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token support|
layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop
version| Browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Exodus Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/exodus.jpg)|
Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes (Trezor only)| FREE| No| Lightning| ETH, SOL, ADA, DOT,
ATOM, and many more| Yes (Ramp, Moonpay)| Yes (iOS Android)| Yes (Windows, Mac
OSX, Linux)| Yes (Chrome, Brave)  
  
#### **Exodus Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Is compatible with many browsers, computer operative systems and
smartphones.| ❌Doesn’t support alternative Bitcoin assets such as Bitcoin
Ordinals  
✅ Offers on-ramping via different providers| ❌Isn’t compatible with many
hardware wallets  
✅ Supports the Lightning network (a popular layer 2 Bitcoin chain)| ❌Stores
private keys on the host device, thus is vulnerable to hacking  
  
### **Zengo Wallet**

![zengo wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/zengo.jpg)

Zengo wallet is a consumer-style crypto wallet that allows you to secure
Bitcoin without worrying about seed phrases or private key management. It’s
still non-custodial, meaning you’re the only one that can access your wallet
address. However, instead of private key cryptography, Zengo uses another
cryptographic mechanism called multi-party computation (MPC). This mitigates
some of the hacking risks associated with software wallets.

Zengo also offers an on-ramping feature, allowing you to buy and sell crypto.
Plus, for an extra fee, you can also access tools that help you protect
yourself from crypto thefts. They even have a service that lets you decide
what happens to your account after you pass away. However, it’s important to
note that Zengo is not compatible with any hardware wallet. It’s also only
available in a mobile version: there’s no browser or desktop version.

#### **Zengo Wallet** **Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token support|
layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop
version| Browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Zengo  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/zengo.jpg)| Hot Wallet| Yes| No| FREE| No| No| ETH, DOGE, MATIC, XTZ| Yes | Yes | No| No  
  
#### **Zengo Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Has a built-in feature for buying and selling crypto| ❌Doesn’t support any
Bitcoin layer 2s or alternative assets  
✅ Doesn’t require you to store and protect your own seed phrase while still
being non-custodial| ❌Only comes as a mobile app  
✅ Offers a service allowing you to give your crypto to family or friends if
you pass away| ❌Doesn’t support many networks outside the Bitcoin ecosystem  
  
### **Coinbase Wallet**

![coinbase wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/coinbase-wallet-logo-1024x1024.png)

Coinbase wallet is a hot wallet (software wallet) created by centralized
exchange Coinbase. Don’t confuse it with a custodial wallet though, it does
allow you to manage your private keys yourself. Beyond that, it also supports
a range of popular networks including Ethereum, Solana, and Doge. And although
it’s not possible to on-ramp via this crypto wallet directly, you can link it
to a Coinbase custodial account to buy and sell crypto.

Coinbase’s self-custody wallet comes in two main types: a mobile wallet and an
extension wallet. The mobile wallet is available on iOS and Android, whereas
the extension version is available on Chrome and Brave browsers. You can also
connect it to a Ledger hardware wallet for the best security experience.

#### **Coinbase Wallet Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token support|
layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop
version| Browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Coinbase Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/unnamed-1.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes (Ledger only)| FREE| No| Lightning| ETH, DOGE, XRP, SOL and many more| Only possible if you link it to a Coinbase custodial account| Yes | No| Yes  
  
#### **Coinbase Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Compatible with hardware wallets (Ledger only)| ❌Doesn’t offer on-ramping
without connecting to a custodial wallet  
✅ Supports a range of networks outside the Bitcoin ecosystem| ❌Doesn’t support
alternative Bitcoin assets like Bitcoin ordinals  
✅ Allows you to access the Lightning Network (Bitcoin L2)| ❌Does not offer a
desktop version  
  
### **Guarda Wallet**

![guarda wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/Guarda-shield-logo.png)

Guarda Wallet is a hot wallet for Bitcoin and over 50 other leading
blockchains including SOL, BTC, ADA, Tezos, and many many more. It’s available
in two versions: a desktop or a mobile app version. Its desktop version stands
out for being compatible with a range of operating systems, from Windows to
iOS, to Linux. While it doesn’t offer a browser version, it does have an
online web wallet.

Guarda Wallet also has an on-ramping feature, allowing you to buy your
favorite cryptocurrencies directly through the crypto wallet’s interface. Then
its unique selling point is its crypto visa debit card, allowing you to pay
with crypto anywhere you like. Its only pitfall is that Guarda Wallet does not
support any Bitcoin layer 2 chains or alternative assets.

#### **Guarda Wallet Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token support|
layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop
version| Browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
| | | | | | | | | | |   
Guarda  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/Guarda-shield-
logo.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes| Yes (Ledger only)| FREE| No| No| ETH, SOL, ADA,
DOT, ATOM, and many more| Yes (SEPA)| Yes| Yes| No (But does offer an online
web wallet)  
  
#### **Guarda Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Compatible with hardware wallets (Ledger only)| ❌Doesn’t offer support for
alternative Bitcoin assets such as Ordinals or stamps  
✅ Supports a large range of networks outside the Bitcoin ecosystem| ❌Doesn’t
offer a browser extension version  
✅ Offers a crypto visa debit card| ❌Does not offer a desktop version  
  
## 4 Best Bitcoin Hardware and Cold Wallets

To make sure your Bitcoin is secure, you’ll want to use a cold wallet or a
hardware wallet. Both of these Bitcoin wallets store your private keys
offline. To explain, since hot wallets store private keys on their host
devices, they are vulnerable to malware and spyware that could be lurking on
your laptop or smartphone. Cold wallets, i.e. crypto wallets that store
private keys offline, keep your keys away from these threats. Cold wallets
come in many forms, such as paper or sound wallets, but the most popular way
to set up a cold wallet is using a hardware wallet.

Hardware wallets keep your private keys stored in a chip offline—and the
security of that chip is very important. But it’s not just the chip you need
to worry about. An effective hardware wallet will also have security measures
to mitigate risks of physical access and hacks. Plus, the features they offer
may impact whether they truly operate as a cold wallet or not.

Finally, hardware wallets are physical devices, and thus you will need to pay
for them. As physical devices, their features can vary radically. So, now you
know what to look for in hardware and cold wallets, let’s look at the most
popular devices.

### **Ledger Nano X**

![ledger nano x](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/05/nano-
on.png)

The Ledger Nano X is a hardware wallet perfect for managing your Bitcoin. It’s
highly versatile, offering support for most major cryptocurrencies including
Solana, Tezos, and Cosmos. Within the Bitcoin ecosystem, Ledger devices also
support several Bitcoin layer 2 networks, such as Lightning and Stacks. While
it doesn’t offer native support, it’s possible to manage alternative Bitcoin
assets such as Bitcoin ordinals and stamps with a Ledger device via a third-
party crypto wallet interface such as Sparrow or Leather. And of course,
that’s easy, as Ledger devices are compatible with a range of Bitcoin software
wallets.

Additionally, Ledger devices all benefit from an HD structure. This means you
can generate a near-infinite number of accounts and manage them with the same
interface. That means you can manage your cold wallet, your Stacks wallet, and
your Lightning account all from the same device.

Ledger devices are industry-leading hardware wallets due to their security
model. They offer a secure element chip, the same computer chip used for bank
cards and passports coupled with its direct connection to the Trusted Display.
These pieces guarantee that no hacker can access your crypto online or
physically. To ensure the effectiveness of these security measures, Ledger
devices and their software are battle-tested by the Ledger Donjon, a world-
class troupe of white-hat hackers. Due to their hard work, Ledger devices have
never been hacked!

#### **Ledger Nano X Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| cost| Token support| layer 2s supported|
other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Ledger Nano X  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/08/Ledger-
logo-696.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes| $149| Ordinals (via Sparrow or Leather)|
Lightning, Stacks| ETH, ADA, SOL, ATOM, DOGE, INJ, DOT, XTZ, XLM, XRP and many
more| Yes| Yes| Yes  
  
#### **Ledger Nano X Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Supports a wide range of networks and assets| ❌Doesn’t support Ordinals
without a third-party crypto wallet (yet)  
✅ Compatible with third-party wallet interfaces for managing alternative
assets| ❌Its Trusted Display is quite small, thus not suited for partially-
sighted people  
✅ Supports Bitcoin Layer 2s such as Lightning and Stacks| ❌ Costs $149  
  
### **Trezor Model T**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/05/trezorlogo.png)

The Trezor Model T is the flagship crypto hardware wallet developed by
SatoshiLabs due to its intuitive touchscreen, improved support for different
cryptocurrencies, and advanced security features compared with the Trezor One
model.

Like all hardware wallets, it stores private keys offline—the key feature of a
cold wallet that is essential to keep your crypto safe. It also offers a PIN
code feature to prevent thieves from accessing your crypto with access to the
physical device.

The Trezor Model T supports Bitcoin but doesn’t offer the option to interact
with Bitcoin layer 2s without connecting to third-party interfaces.

#### **Trezor Model T Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| cost| Token support| layer 2s supported|
other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Trezor Model T  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/twallet.png)|
Hardware Wallet| Yes| $179| No| No| ETH, SOL, DOGE, INJ and some others| Yes|
No| Yes  
  
#### **Trezor Model T Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers and on-ramping service| ❌Doesn’t support Bitcoin layer 2s  
✅ Supports a range of networks outside the Bitcoin ecosystem| ❌Doesn’t offer a
mobile app  
✅ Large touchscreen display| ❌Doesn’t support alternative Bitcoin assets such
as Ordinals  
  
### **SafePal S1**

![safepal wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/safepal-wallet.png)

SafePal is a crypto wallet provider that offers both software and hardware
wallets. Its flagship hardware wallet is the SafePal S1, which it claims is
completely air-gapped. This means that as well as storing private keys
offline, it doesn’t interact with any other device or take part in wireless or
wired connectivity including Bluetooth, NFC, WiFi, and even USB cables. As
such, it is a true cold wallet, as all air-gapped wallets are.

This physical crypto wallet offered by SafePal offers a full-colored screen
and a D-pad for navigation.  
The SafePal S1 supports the Bitcoin network alongside other popular networks
such as Ethereum, Solana, Cosmos, and Tron. That said, it does not yet support
any Bitcoin layer 2s or alternative Bitcoin assets.

#### **Safepal S1 Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| cost| Token support| layer 2s supported|
other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
SafePal S1  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/safepal-
wallet.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes| $49.99| No| No| ETH, ADA, DOT, ATOM, SUI
and many more| Yes (Simplex)| Yes| No  
  
#### **SafePal S1 Wallet Pros and Cons**

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Cheaper than most hardware wallets on the market| ❌ Not very user-friendly
for beginners  
✅ Claims to be completely air-gapped| ❌ Is reasonably new on the market, which
could leave it vulnerable to bugs  
✅ Offers on-ramping, allowing you to buy crypto with fiat currencies| ❌No
support for Bitcoin layer 2s  
  
### **BC Vault**

![bc vault wallet logo](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/BCVault-logo.png)

BC Vault is a hardware wallet with a bit of a difference from the others on
the list. It technically is a cold wallet, however, it doesn’t use a seed
phrase backup. They claim without a seed phrase, you are better protected from
malware and spyware on your internet-connected devices. However, seeing as BC
vault is not yet battle-tested, only time will tell if that holds true.  
BC Vault does not currently support Bitcoin layer 2 networks or alternative
assets. That said, it supports a huge range of cryptocurrencies natively, such
as Ethereum, Solana, Doge, Polkadot, and many more. It also offers an on-
ramping feature, allowing you to buy Bitcoin with fiat currencies directly
within its interface.

The physical device itself has a large screen and a D-pad for navigation.
Plus, you can also customize the design on the aluminum casing yourself.

#### **BC Vault Review**

Bitcoin wallet| Type| Self custody| cost| Token support| layer 2s supported|
other networks supported| On-ramping| mobile app| desktop version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
BC Vault  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/BCVault-
logo.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes| $135| No| No| ETH, XRP, XLM, DOT, SOL, DOGE,
and many more| Yes (Coinify, Moonpay, Finchpay)| No| Yes  
  
#### BC Vault Wallet Pros and Cons

Pros| cons  
---|---  
✅ Offers on-ramping, allowing you to buy crypto with fiat currencies| ❌Doesn’t
support alternative Bitcoin assets  
✅ Offers insurance of 1BTC for anyone that can break its encryption| ❌Doesn’t
support Bitcoin Layer 2s  
✅ Has its own version of retro game Snake|  
  
❌Doesn’t support connecting to third-party crypto wallet interfaces  
  
## Best Bitcoin Wallet Reviews

Bitcoin wallet name| Type| Self custody| compatible hardware| cost| Token
Support| Bitcoin layer 2s supported| other networks supported| On-ramping|
mobile app| desktop version| browser version  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
Leather Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/leather.jpg)| Hot Wallet| Yes | Yes | FREE| Ordinals, Stacks, Runes, Stamps, BNS, BRC-20, SRC-20| Stacks| Harmony, Fantom, Avalanche and others| Yes  
(requires an account on exchanges)| Yes (not compatible with hardware
wallets)| Yes (only BTC and STX)| Yes  
Sparrow![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/sparrow.jpg)| Hot Wallet| Yes | Yes | FREE| Ordinals| No| No| No| No| Yes| No  
Exodus Wallet![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/exodus.jpg)| Hot Wallet| Yes | Yes (Trezor Only)| FREE| No| Lightning| No| Yes (Ramp, Moonpay)| Yes| Yes| No  
Zengo![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/zengo.jpg)| Hot Wallet| Yes | No| FREE| No| No| ETH, SOL, ADA, DOT, ATOM, and many more| Yes| Yes| No| No  
Coinbase Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/unnamed-1.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes | ✅  
(Ledger only)| FREE| No| Lightning| ETH, DOGE, MATIC, XTZ,| Only possible if
you link it to a coinbase custodial account| Yes| No| Yes  
Guarda Wallet  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/Guarda-shield-logo.png)| Hot Wallet| Yes | ✅  
(Ledger only)| FREE| No| No| ETH, DOGE, XRP, SOL and many more| Yes (SEPA)|
Yes|  
Yes| No  
Ledger Nano X  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2023/08/Ledger-logo-696.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes | n.a| $149| Ordinals (via Sparrow or Leather)| Lightning, Stacks| ETH, ADA, SOL, ATOM, DOGE, INJ, DOT, XTZ, XLM, XRP and many more| Yes| Yes| Yes| n.a.  
Trezor Model T  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/twallet.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes | n.a| $179| No| No| ETH, SOL, DOGE, INJ and some others| Yes| No| Yes| n.a.  
SafePal S1  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/safepal-wallet.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes | n.a| $49.99| No| No| ETH, ADA, DOT, ATOM, SUI and many more| Yes| No| Yes| n.a.  
BC Vault  
![](https://ledger-wp-website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2024/04/BCVault-logo.png)| Hardware Wallet| Yes | n.a| $135| No| No| ETH, XRP, XLM| Yes| No| Yes| n.a.  
  
### **Our Methodology To Review The Best Bitcoin Wallets**

If you’re trying to pick the best Bitcoin wallet for you, you might be
wondering how to review each one. If you want to know why these Bitcoin
wallets made the list, let’s look at some of their most important features:

#### **Type of Wallet**

First of all, the type of crypto wallet is important to assess. Software
wallets are free, but they have security issues and are thus unsuitable for
protecting large amounts of crypto. Hardware wallets, on the other hand, are
very secure but they will cost you something, as you’ll have to invest in a
physical device.

#### **Custodianship**

Custody of your crypto is also imperative to understand. To explain, custodial
wallets (such as those offered by centralized exchanges) do not give you true
ownership of your assets. Using a non-custodial wallet, you can guarantee that
you are the only person with access to your accounts. None of the crypto
wallets on this list are custodial as it’s not recommended to store assets in
these types of wallets. However, if you’re assessing crypto wallets outside of
this list, it’s important to take into account.

#### **Compatible With a Hardware Wallet**

While hot (software) wallets may be required to connect to specific apps or
platforms, as you know, they are not very good at keeping your funds secure.
Thus, when considering which Bitcoin wallet is best for you, checking its
compatibility with a hardware wallet is a must. By using these two crypto
wallets together, you can access whichever platform you like without leaving
your private keys in a vulnerable position.

#### **Purchase Cost**

Software (hot) wallets tend to be free, whereas hardware wallets can vary in
cost. Before you buy a physical device, you may want to consider how much each
of them costs and what kind of features they offer for that price.

#### **Crypto Assets and Networks Supported**

If you only need a crypto wallet for protecting Bitcoin, then you have a wide
range of wallets to choose from. But that’s not to say that the ecosystem ends
there. There are now several Bitcoin layer 2 chains gaining popularity, such
as the Lightning Network and Stacks. Plus, the asset ecosystem is expanding
too: new Bitcoin protocols unlock the power to create non-fungible Bitcoin
assets such as Bitcoin ordinals and stamps. However, to interact with these
layer 2s and alternative assets, you’ll need a Bitcoin wallet that supports
them. That’s why this list includes information on whether each Bitcoin wallet
supports these chains or assets.

#### **Device Compatibility  **

Not all crypto wallets work on all devices. Some software wallets will have a
desktop version but no mobile version or vice versa. Then you’ll also find
that the companion apps for hardware wallets may not work on every internet-
connected device either. If you use a less common operating system on your
phone or laptop, this is an important feature to check.

## Crypto Wallets Guide

### **What Is a Crypto Wallet?**

A crypto wallet is a device or piece of software that allows you to manage and
store private keys. These private keys allow you to control your account, thus
a crypto wallet’s job is to give you the power over these keys without
revealing them to anyone else.

### **How Do Bitcoin Wallets Work?**

Bitcoin wallets will typically be controlled by something called a seed
phrase. Essentially, this is like the master key to all of the accounts you
create with that wallet. The seed phrase is made up of 12-24 words which is a
human-readable translation of a very random number called the entropy. Each
time you create a new account, your Bitcoin wallet generates a key pair using
your seed phrase: one public key and one private key.

#### **Private Key**

Each blockchain address is controlled by a single private key. However, it’s
important to note that anyone with this private key has access to the entire
account. That’s why keeping it safe is imperative. The private key of each
account is also necessary to generate the public key.

#### **Public Key**

The public key of your account is its uniquely identifiable number.
Essentially, it’s a unique code that allows others to find and send funds to
your account. Your blockchain address is simply a translation of this number
into a more human-readable format. As mentioned, is generated by your private
key using a secure mechanism. This allows your crypto wallet to restore your
accounts with just the seed phrase, as there is a cryptographic link between
the seed phrase, your private keys and your public keys. However, the link is
cleverly designed so that it’s impossible to work out the private key with the
public key, but very easy to work out the public key with the private key.

### **Types of Bitcoin Wallet**

Bitcoin wallets come in three main types: software wallets, paper wallets, and
hardware wallets. Let’s take a look at how they differ:

#### **Software Bitcoin Wallets**

Software wallets, often referred to as hot wallets operate via software on
your computer or smartphone. This means they store private keys on an
internet-connected device vulnerable to online threats such as malware and
spyware. All software wallets have this vulnerability, but apart from that,
they have some key differences in features and functionality.

##### **Mobile Bitcoin Wallets**

Mobile Bitcoin wallets operate via apps on your smartphone. These types of
wallets are convenient for interacting with crypto on the go.

##### **Desktop Bitcoin Wallets**

Desktop Bitcoin wallets are programs you install on your computer, such as a
Mac or PC.

##### **Bitcoin Wallet Extension**

Bitcoin wallet extensions work via browser extensions. If you want to use a
wallet browser extension, you’ll need to check that your chosen browser is
supported.

#### **Bitcoin Paper Wallets**

Paper wallets are simply pieces of paper with private keys printed on them,
typically in the form of a QR code. These types of wallets are very secure, as
they are not vulnerable to online threats like malware and spyware. However,
they also come with the risk of loss, theft, and damage. If someone finds your
paper wallet, they will automatically have access to your funds. Then if your
paper wallet goes up in flames in a house fire, there’s no way to retrieve
your funds.

Beyond that, they are also cumbersome and complex to use. It’s all too easy to
make a mistake while transacting with a paper wallet—using them runs the risk
of human error.

#### **Bitcoin hardware wallets**

Hardware wallets are the most secure and user-friendly type of Bitcoin wallet.
They store private keys offline and, thus are immune to online threats. In
addition, they offer a user-friendly interface, allowing you to interact with
crypto just as simply as using a software wallet. Many hardware wallets also
offer the option to connect to a software wallet. Using these two types of
wallets together gives you the best of both worlds: security and ease of use.

### **How To Create a Bitcoin Wallet?**

Creating a Bitcoin wallet depends on which type of wallet you choose. Let’s
dive into how to create each type.

#### **How To Create a Bitcoin Hot Wallet**

To create a BTC hot wallet you’ll need to follow these steps

  1. Choose which Bitcoin wallet provider is best for you
  2. Install the software on your computer or smartphone
  3. Initiate the wallet set-up, which will typically involve recording your seed phrase
  4. Generate your first Bitcoin account

Now you should have a new Bitcoin hot wallet address you can use to send and
receive BTC.

#### **How To Set up a Bitcoin Hardware Wallet**

Creating a Bitcoin account will differ depending on which Bitcoin hardware
wallet you choose. But typically, you’ll need to follow these steps:

  1. Choose which Bitcoin hardware wallet provider is best for you
  2. Purchase the physical device and wait for it to arrive
  3. Initiate the wallet set-up, which will typically involve installing its companion app on your internet-connected device and recording your seed phrase
  4. Install the Bitcoin app
  5. Create your first Bitcoin account

Now you should have a new Bitcoin wallet address you can use to send and
receive BTC.

### **How Do You Choose the Best Bitcoin Wallet?**

Without a crypto wallet, you won’t be able to send BTC to anyone. Plus,
without a non-custodial crypto wallet, you don’t actually own your funds.
Unlike fiat currencies managed by financial institutions, crypto is
decentralized. That means only you have access to the funds in your non-
custodial wallet. Without a crypto wallet, you don’t really own your funds.

## Frequently Asked Questions About Best Bitcoin Wallets

### **What Is the Best Crypto Wallet?**

The best crypto wallet depends entirely on what you need it for. However, if
you want a secure and user-friendly solution for managing your Bitcoin,
consider investing in a hardware wallet. With a hardware wallet, you can keep
your private keys safe. For an extra security step, you may also want to set
up a cold wallet. Luckily this is easy to do if you already have a hardware
wallet.

### **What Is the Safest Bitcoin Wallet?**

The safest Bitcoin wallet is one that stores private keys offline, otherwise
known as a cold wallet. Paper wallets and hardware wallets both offer this
option, but the former comes with a risk: their vulnerability to loss, theft,
and damage. As a result, the safest Bitcoin wallet is a hardware wallet. It
lets you manage a cold wallet without the hassle of worrying about a single
point of failure: a flimsy piece of paper.

### **What Is the Best Anonymous Bitcoin Wallet?**

The best Bitcoin wallet for staying anonymous is a paper or hardware wallet,
in other words, a cold wallet. Signing transactions offline makes sure you
don’t accidentally reveal your identity through your internet-connected
device. If you want to guarantee your anonymity, you may even want to consider
using an air-gapped wallet, although these are not user-friendly and are best
left to the crypto experts.

### **What Is the Best Free Bitcoin Wallet?**

The best free Bitcoin wallet depends on which features you require. Check out
the comparison table above to find out which free Bitcoin wallet suits your
needs.

**Vineet Nair**  

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=The%20Best%20Bitcoin%20Wallets%20in%202024&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets&title=The%20Best%20Bitcoin%20Wallets%20in%202024 "Reddit")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-hardware-
wallets-work)

[How Ledger Hardware Wallets
Work](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/how-ledger-
hardware-wallets-work)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

[The Best Ethereum Wallets in
2024](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/best-ethereum-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-bitcoin-
satoshi-rarity-explained)

[What are Rare Sats? Bitcoin’s Satoshis from Uncommon to
Mythic](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-are-rare-sats-
bitcoin-satoshi-rarity-explained)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-runes-
protocol)

[What are Bitcoin Runes? About Bitcoin’s Fungible Token
Protocol](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-the-bitcoin-
runes-protocol)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-it-
is-and-how-to-use-it)

[Leather (Hiro) Wallet: What It Is and How To Use
It](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/leather-hiro-wallet-what-
it-is-and-how-to-use-it)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-bitcoin-the-
largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

[Who Owns the Most Bitcoin: The Largest Bitcoin Wallet
Addresses](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/who-owns-the-most-
bitcoin-the-largest-bitcoin-wallet-addresses)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-ethereum-
wallet)

[How To Create an Ethereum
Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-create-an-
ethereum-wallet)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-wallet-
and-how-does-it-work)

[What Is An Ethereum Wallet and How Does it
Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/what-is-an-ethereum-
wallet-and-how-does-it-work)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-lost-
bitcoin-wallets)

[How to Find and Recover Lost Bitcoin
Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/crypto/how-to-find-and-recover-
lost-bitcoin-wallets)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=9c0c94f6-1425-4434-b5c4-476c624e6d1d&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=89bbd1a7-2eec-462c-b2af-
cd0a4e42b74f&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-
wallets&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=9c0c94f6-1425-4434-b5c4-476c624e6d1d&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=89bbd1a7-2eec-462c-b2af-
cd0a4e42b74f&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-
wallets&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A18%3A18%20GMT&n=0&b=10%20Best%20Bitcoin%20Wallets%20in%202024%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Ftopics%2Fsecurity%2Fbest-
bitcoin-wallets&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

