[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL3RoZS1ob2RsZXJzLWd1aWRlLTQ4MTMyOTk3MzUxODAxMzg%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lYXJuL3RoZS1ob2RsZXJzLWd1aWRlLTQ4MTMyOTk3MzUxODAxMzg%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# The HODLer’s Guide

2023-12-18

## **Main Takeaways**

  * On December 18th, 2013 – HODL was born. It originated as a typo of the word "hold," used to describe the strategy of holding your cryptocurrencies instead of selling them. 

  * As we mark the ten-year anniversary of HODL, it's worth noting how this approach has evolved. Tools like the Binance Web3 Wallet, Auto-Invest, and Simple Earn can enhance your strategy. These services offer security for your assets, automate the buying process, and enable your crypto to generate passive income.

  * Put your idle assets to work, and boost your holdings. Earn crypto while HODLing. Up to 2,000,000 USDT worth of rewards available. It’s time to [_HODL & Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/events/hodl-earn) with Binance!

  * While HODLing has proven successful for many, it’s not suitable for everyone. Users should base decisions according to their financial situation and risk tolerance. 

_Learn the art of HODLing, from the experts at Binance._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231218/a13a5291-dacc-430a-a862-73a2eaa969ad)

## **The Story Behind HODL**

The first usage of HODL traces back to a December morning in 2013, a
tumultuous time for
[_bitcoin_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/bitcoin) , which had seen
its price crash after peaking a little over $1,100.

In an online forum post titled: “**I AM HODLING** ,” user GamerKyuubi
acknowledged his poor trading skills along with his intentions to hold his
bitcoin. He encouraged others to “HODL” – not sell their bitcoin – even amidst
the bear market.

HODL, or “Hold on for Dear Life,” quickly became a widespread meme in the
crypto community – a testament to persistence, determination, and the spirit
of never giving up. As we see it today, the HODL mindset is now a widely-
adopted strategy among individuals who, due to their limited trading skills,
prefer holding their assets over the long term.

## **What is the HODL Strategy?**

The HODL strategy is quite straightforward and not unique to the crypto
market:

  1. Buy an asset, or multiple, and hold.

  2. Don’t sell, even if the price goes up or down.

The logic behind HODL is to ignore short-term price changes and focus on the
long-term outlook. It’s by no means a revolutionary concept, but the strategy
still requires a certain level of careful planning and thought. In other
words, **don’t jump straight into the crypto market and go on a buying spree.
**

For those looking to HODL, or already HODLing, we’ve packed everything you
need to know in this comprehensive guide. We’ll start with the basics, like
how to pick the right coins, and progress to advanced products designed to
enhance your portfolio.

## **1\. Pick the Right Cryptocurrencies**

Base your decisions on in-depth analysis. Only buy a cryptocurrency because
you believe in the project, its team, and its mission.

We understand crypto is intimidating. The jargon and technology is complex;
however, **don’t** pick a coin because you saw a funny meme or a “Twitter
expert” told you its price will go up 100x in a few years.

Always [_do your own research_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-
your-own-research) (DYOR). **Know what you’re putting your money into.  **

A good starting point is [_Binance Academy_](https://academy.binance.com/en) ,
an educational platform packed with articles and free courses on topics
related to crypto and blockchain. Here, you’ll find guides to investing along
with detailed reports on hundreds of cryptocurrencies, including popular coins
like [_bitcoin_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-bitcoin) and
[_ether_](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-ethereum) (ETH).
Take your time to read through each article before making your first purchase.

## **2\. Buy Your First Crypto**

You’ve nailed down your list of cryptocurrencies, now it’s time to buy.
Binance offers a variety of payment channels, including bank transfer,
credit/debit card, or directly from other users via a peer-to-peer
marketplace. Check out the following FAQ guides to learn more:

  * [_How to Deposit via Bank Transfer  _](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/buy-crypto-fiat-p2p?c=66&navId=66#75)

  * [_How to Buy Crypto with Credit/Debit Card  _](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-buy-crypto-with-credit-debit-card-8df758a570ba4d18941f38423f63aae5)

  * [_Introduction to Binance P2P Trading_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/introduction-to-binance-p2p-trading-360038038972)

As a word of advice, **only buy an amount you can afford to lose**. The crypto
market is volatile and prices can fluctuate rapidly. Even the best traders
experience outsized losses.

## **3\. Store Your Crypto in a Safe Place**

Next step, picking the right
[_wallet_](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/wallet) for your assets.
You’ve got several options to choose from. Your basic account wallet is the
most convenient. Binance handles your wallet’s
[_key_](https://academy.binance.com/zt/glossary/private-key) ; however, you
won’t have full control over your funds like a [_self-custody
wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/what-is-a-selfcustodial-
wallet-and-why-should-you-choose-trust-wallet-4498166712312335636).

Self-custody wallets mean you are fully responsible for managing your own keys
and crypto. If this sounds like something up your alley, consider trying the
[_Binance Web3 Wallet_](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet). It’s a self-
custody wallet built into the Binance platform, ensuring that while you HODL –
you're doing so in a safe and trusted environment.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231218/e507829b-52ed-4fc0-a96c-cabe2c2bd55d)  
Compared to its counterparts, which are often clunky and confusing, Binance
Web3 Wallet only takes a few seconds to set up. Instead of [_seed
phrases_](https://academy.binance.com/lt/glossary/seed-phrase) , a set of
12-24 words that acts as your wallet’s master keys, we’ve secured the Binance
Web3 Wallet using [_advanced MPC
technology_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/markets/embracing-the-future-of-
web3-binances-innovative-mpc-wallet-8512779582807569328).

Once you’ve settled on your wallet, consider giving Binance’s auto-investing
tool a test run or put your crypto to work via an array of passive income
products.

## **4\. Stay in the Market**

Make regular contributions to your portfolio as you HODL. With [_Auto-
Invest_](https://www.binance.com/en/earn/auto-invest) , create a plan that
automatically buys crypto based on your preferences. You pick the amount and
how often.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231218/3d40367f-4933-4e7a-acd3-e7a6eb30f689)  
For example, you can set Auto-Invest to buy $20 worth of bitcoin for you every
month. Updating your plan only takes a few clicks, whether to pause, cancel,
or adjust the frequency of your purchases.

## **5\. Earn Daily Interest as You HODL  **

Grow your crypto portfolio through interest-generating services on [_Simple
Earn_](https://www.binance.com/en/earn/simple-earn) , for hundreds of
different tokens available on Binance.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20231218/fd2c9721-5260-47e2-9ba2-faad830ec772)

The process is straightforward. There’s no trading, buying, or anything
complex involved. Browse through our selection and select a plan with terms
that work for you, then sit back while your crypto generates passive income.

**Note** that certain plans allow you to withdraw your earnings anytime
(Flexible Products), while others require a locked-in period (Locked Products)
for your funds. Make sure to carefully review the terms before subscribing to
a plan.

## **Is HODLing a strategy I should follow?**

**Remember:** the people who HODLed since 2013 shouldered years of heavy
losses before their crypto ultimately paid off. The HODL strategy is **not
suitable for everyone**. Understand your own financial situation and risk
tolerance before buying crypto.

Your financial situation may require you to sell your coins when prices are up
or if you’ve taken too heavy of a loss. Certain cryptocurrencies –
particularly smaller, more volatile ones – are less than ideal for a HODL
approach.

## **Keep Calm and HODL on**

Binance has all the tools and resources you need to HODL, from secure, user-
friendly storage to passive income plans for your crypto holdings. If you’re
new to Binance, take your first step by creating an account and completing
account verification.

Binance is also celebrating the 2024 Bitcoin halving event by sharing up to
2,000,000 USDT worth of rewards on Binance Earn. Look out for our [_HODL &
EARN campaigns_](https://www.binance.com/en/events/hodl-earn) every month till
the next halving, and become a true crypto HODLer!

 And one final word for the people new to the world of crypto  – HODL is more
than just a strategy for the crypto community. It’s a philosophy, a mindset to
stay resilient towards one’s goals, no matter the hurdles that appear along
the way.

## **Further Reading**

  * [ _HODL & EARN: Up to $2,000,000 in Rewards to Be Shared!_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/hodl-earn-until-the-next-halving-with-binance-earn-up-to-2-000-000-in-rewards-to-be-shared-1e95df21bc3c4897844b6aa4d98c965c)

  * [_What Is Binance Earn and How to Use It_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-binance-earn-and-how-to-use-it-bc076f0eb7fb4ae182de6c5eb8968dec)

  * [ _New and Improved Auto-Invest: Learn More About the New Features_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/what-is-binance-earn-and-how-to-use-it-bc076f0eb7fb4ae182de6c5eb8968dec)

* * *

 _Products and services referred to here may not be available in your region._

**Risk Disclaimer:** Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk and
price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our[ Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) and[ Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning).

195,054,650 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

The HODLer’s Guide

Main Takeaways

The Story Behind HODL

What is the HODL Strategy?

1\. Pick the Right Cryptocurrencies

2\. Buy Your First Crypto

3\. Store Your Crypto in a Safe Place

4\. Stay in the Market

5\. Earn Daily Interest as You HODL

Is HODLing a strategy I should follow?

Keep Calm and HODL on

Further Reading

195,054,650 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

