[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ how to stake... ](/blog/how-to-stake-sui-via-gem-wallet-)

#  How to stake SUI via Gem Wallet

13 May 2024

10 min read

SUI

Staking Guide

Gem Wallet

10 min read

Article content

WHAT IS SUI

WHY STAKE SUI?

SHORTLY ABOUT GEM WALLET

HOW TO STAKE SUI

SUMMARY

SUI STAKING FAQ

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Most likely, you are already well acquainted with staking and are now
interested in staking SUI. Maybe you choose a suitable wallet or platform for
this. You came to the address. Regardless of whether you are new to staking or
a seasoned master, this article will be useful to you.

In this article, we will provide you with a step-by-step guide on how to stake
SUI with the Gem wallet. In addition, we will tell you what we know about the
Sui network and its staking features. Well, let's get started!

## WHAT IS SUI

[Sui](https://sui.io) is a Layer-1 blockchain for instant and high-speed
transactions. It's perfect for on-chain use cases like games and finance.

SUI is the native token of the Sui blockchain, a decentralized platform built
for high throughput and low latency transactions. Developed by Mysten Labs,
the Sui blockchain aims to deliver scalability and usability for all crypto
users. SUI tokens play a critical role in the network. Let's take a closer
look at the main features:

**1\. Transaction fee**

It is quite logical that SUI tokens are used to pay transaction fees on the
network. These fees cover the costs associated with processing and verifying
transactions and, of course, help maintain the network's efficiency and speed.

**2\. Staking and network security**

Staking is a critical feature of the SUI token that allows token holders to
participate in network security. Token holders can support validators who are
responsible for creating new blocks. As motivation, stakers receive a reward
for staking tokens.

**3\. Governance**

SUI tokens grant holders governance rights that include voting on various
proposals that determine the future of the network. These can be updates,
parameter changes, and funding of community projects. This governance model
empowers the community and ensures that changes to the network reflect the
needs of token holders.

**4\. Validators rewards**

Validators of the Sui network are rewarded with SUI tokens. This encourages
validators to work honestly and efficiently, keeping the blockchain running.

## WHY STAKE SUI?

Staking of SUI tokens, like other tokens, has several main advantages. First,
you can earn rewards through passive income. Staking contributes to the
ecosystem's growth and stabilizes the token's value due to the decrease in
circulation. Second, you can double the security of the Sui network and
participate in management decisions that affect the future direction of the
network.

Your participation in staking not only strengthens the network but also
increases your influence in making key decisions. These benefits will help you
make your investments more dynamic and interactive.

## SHORTLY ABOUT GEM WALLET

[Gem Wallet](https://gemwallet.com) is an open-source wallet that focuses
primarily on DeFi. It provides a secure and intuitive interface for users to
manage their SUI tokens, engage in transactions and participate in staking.
This wallet will be a good companion for beginners and pros alike, offering
the following key benefits.

  * **Full Ownership.** The Gem Wallet app has never had access to any of your data or funds. DeFi is the core of the gem.
  * **Privacy.** Gem Wallet doesn’t track any personally identifiable information, wallet addresses, or asset balances.
  * **Open Source.** Gem Wallet has no investors, so you get an open-source, community-driven crypto wallet.
  * **Security.** Gem Wallet protects your crypto and private keys with industry-leading security.

Now, let's get to know the wallet better and stake SUI tokens together.

## HOW TO STAKE SUI

Welcome to our how-to guide, let's take a step-by-step SUI staking.

### Step 1: Install Gem Wallet

Choose to install a wallet on iOS or Android on the official [Gem
website](https://gemwallet.com/.)

###

![6](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/33f268d9-426d-4b28-aa9d-2417a2eb380e.webp)

### Step 2: Create a new wallet

Open the app on your phone. Click on the **Create a New Wallet** button. Don't
forget to write down and keep your seed phrase safe.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/c74b92a7-c55b-4891-b7d0-809b71e21796.webp)

### Step 3: Manage Token List

Find the Sui chain in the list and "turn on" it to add it to the panel.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/053a9b03-44aa-44be-9969-3d57b8c64560.webp)

### Step 4: Top up your wallet

Top up your new wallet with SUI tokens. You can buy SUI tokens on exchanges
such as Binance, Coinbase, KuCoin, etc.

![undefined](https://blog-api.everstake.one/assets/1b2d0bda-
caf8-49c5-8cc9-fe0c8fcb7037.webp)

### Step 5: Staking

  * Click the SUI Token and hit the **Stake** button. 
  * Enter the number of tokens you want to stake.
  * Check your stake and click **Confirm**.

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/4e07544d-d7ec-4c63-8f84-c491b154eead.webp)

### Step 6: Success!

Now, you can see your staked SUI tokens in your wallet. You can always stake
more SUI tokens for higher rewards. Congratulations on starting your journey
with Everstake!

![undefined](https://blog-
api.everstake.one/assets/2ac8fb66-4b5f-4ca4-9f40-087ba462680e.webp)

## SUMMARY

By staking SUI, you not only earn passive income but also contribute to the
security, stability and overall growth of the network. Gem wallet is a good
choice for SUI token staking, as it provides excellent security and
convenience.

Don’t forget that an important factor for staking is the choice of validator
because it contributes to your maximum rewards.
[Everstake](https://everstake.one) is trusted by 735k+ users across 70+
blockchain networks.

We are one of the most reliable validators in the world due to its security
measures, stable uptime, user-friendly interface and informative channels. It
allows you to access payout information for different pools effortlessly and
provides answers to common queries with just a few clicks.

We offer all the necessary statistics to help you make informed decisions and
include a reward calculator to estimate your potential earnings based on
various staking strategies. Everstake’s team carefully selects only the most
promising PoS projects to join, conducting extensive research and due
diligence before committing to a network as a validator.

The crypto world is full of opportunities, and we're here to help you make the
most of your investments through staking. If you need help, don't hesitate to
contact our Blockchain Manager on [X](https://twitter.com/sui_everstake).

## SUI STAKING FAQ

**What is an Epoch?**

An epoch is a fixed period during which staking operations are processed and
rewards are calculated. The duration of an epoch on the Sui network is 24
hours.

**Can I stake SUI from multiple wallets?**

Of course, you can stake SUI from multiple wallets. Usually, the staking
conditions will be the same for different wallets. Your choice depends on
which interface is more convenient for you and which features you need. Many
wallets offer a variety of additional features that you may find useful. These
can be enhanced security measures, NFT support, convenient interfaces and
integration with other services.

**Are there any risks of SUI staking?**

You should understand that SUI staking, like any investment, involves certain
risks. General risks include market volatility, which may affect the value of
tokens. You can always sell your tokens, but you may lose some of the amount
due to the change in the price of these tokens. It is worth weighing all
factors and assessing your readiness for change because staking can benefit
you.

**How are SUI staking rewards calculated?**

Validators receive rewards proportional to the gas fees collected for
processing transactions and achieving consensus. Subsequently, these rewards
are distributed among delegators as staking rewards. Thus, staking rewards are
proportional to the delegated amount and the duration for which the stake
remains active.

Additionally, the Sui Network has an auto-compound effect, meaning that your
stake will automatically increase due to accumulated rewards. Consequently,
rewards for subsequent epochs will be calculated based on a larger stake.

**Can I increase my stake during an active epoch?**

Yes, you can always increase the amount of SUI tokens you have staked, even
during an active epoch. However, remember that you will start receiving
rewards from the next epoch.

[Stake with Everstake](https://everstake.one/staking) | [Follow us on X](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) | [Connect with us on Discord](https://discord.com/invite/m9YSnAsm44)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

