[ New: Wallet recovery made easy with Ledger Recover, provided by Coincover
Get started ](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-recover)

[ ![Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-academy-logo-long.svg)
](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy")

  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/)
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com)
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library)
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary)
  * Topics
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain)
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto)
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos)
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi)
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation)
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions)
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse)
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts)
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams)
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security)
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials)
  * Series
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon)
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked)
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe)
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos)
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger)
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room)
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block)
  * [Start learning](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know)
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

  * The Classroom __
    * A) Welcome to Web3
      * [What is Web 3.0?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-web-30-everything-you-need-to-know "What is Web 3.0?")
      * [What Is Blockchain?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-blockchain "What Is Blockchain?")
      * [Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain-generations-explained "Blockchain: Where It Started, Where It’s Going")
      * [What Is Cryptocurrency?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-cryptocurrency "What Is Cryptocurrency?")
      * [How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-many-cryptos-are-there "How Many Cryptocurrencies Are There?")
    * B) How to secure your crypto
      * [What Is a Private Key?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/whats-a-private-key "What Is a Private Key?")
      * [What Is a Crypto Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/what-is-a-crypto-wallet "What Is a Crypto Wallet?")
      * [What is a Seed Phrase (Secret Recovery Phrase)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/whats-a-secret-recovery-phrase "What is a Seed Phrase \(Secret Recovery Phrase\)?")
      * [Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/2-how-to-own-crypto/how-crypto-gets-stolen-risks-to-beware-of "Crypto Threats: How Crypto Gets Stolen")
    * C) What is Ledger?
      * [What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/ledger-nano-the-safest-way-to-manage-crypto "What is Ledger? The Ledger Ecosystem Explained")
      * [Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/why-is-ledger-nano-so-secure "Ledger’s Security Model: How Are Ledger Devices Secured?")
      * [Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/ledgers-ecosystem/ledger-live-app-buying-selling-staking-and-swapping-crypto "Ledger Live App: Buy, Sell, Stake and Swap Crypto")
    * D) Web3 security essentials
      * [Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/web3-scams-explained "Web3 Scams: Common Crypto Scams and How To Avoid Them")
      * [Do Your Own Research (DYOR): How to Investigate Crypto Projects](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-crypto-projects "Do Your Own Research \(DYOR\): How to Investigate Crypto Projects")
      * [How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/web3-security-essentials/how-to-secure-your-crypto-on-a-ledger-nano "How to Migrate Your Crypto to Ledger")
    * E) Digital Assets Explained
      * [Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-is-the-difference-between-coins-and-tokens "Crypto Coins and Tokens: Their Use-Cases Explained")
      * [What Are Stablecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-stablecoins "What Are Stablecoins?")
      * [What Are Memecoins?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-are-memecoins "What Are Memecoins?")
      * [Digital Assets Beyond Currency](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/digital-assets-beyond-currency-explained "Digital Assets Beyond Currency")
    * F) Blockchain Basics
      * [How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-blockchain-transaction-work "How Does a Blockchain Transaction Work?")
      * [Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-node-and-why-should-i-operate-one "Crypto Nodes: What Are They And How Do They Work?")
      * [What Is a Mempool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-mempool "What Is a Mempool?")
      * [Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure](https://www.ledger.com/academy/consensus-protocols-how-are-blockchains-secure "Consensus Mechanisms: How Blockchains Stay Secure")
    * G) Wallet Knowledge (Leveling Up)
      * [What Is a Software Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-software-wallet "What Is a Software Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Hardware Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto-hardware-wallet "What Is a Hardware Wallet?")
      * [What Is a Cold Wallet?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-cold-wallet "What Is a Cold Wallet?")
      * [How To Choose a Crypto Wallet](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/choose-the-best-crypto-wallet-for-you "How To Choose a Crypto Wallet")
    * H) Buy it, Sell it, Swap it, Earn it
      * [Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/the-power-of-ledger-live "Why Use Ledger Live For Payments and Transactions?")
      * [Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/benefits-of-buying-crypto-through-ledger-live "Buying Crypto Through Ledger Live")
      * [How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/ledgersolutions/ledger-swap-the-most-secure-way-to-exchange-your-crypto "How To Swap Your Crypto Securely Via Ledger Live")
      * [Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-easy "Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made Easy")
    * I) Blockchain Sleuthing: Become a Crypto Detective
      * [What is a Blockchain Sleuth?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/what-is-a-blockchain-sleuth "What is a Blockchain Sleuth?")
      * [Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/top-blockchain-sleuths "Top Blockchain Sleuths: How 5 Crypto Detectives Rose To Fame")
      * [Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/nomad-bridge-hack "Through the Eyes of a Sleuth: The Nomad Bridge Hack")
      * [Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/blockchain-detective-tools "Best Tools For Blockchain Detectives")
      * [How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/become-a-crypto-detective/how-to-catch-crypto-criminals "How to Catch Criminals on the Blockchain")
    * J) Wallet Knowledge II - The Evolution of Crypto Storage
      * [Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-are-public-keys-and-private-keys "Public Vs Private Keys: Understanding PKC in Crypto")
      * [BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets](https://www.ledger.com/academy/crypto/what-are-hierarchical-deterministic-hd-wallets "BIP-32: Understanding Hierarchical Deterministic Wallets")
      * [Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase](https://www.ledger.com/academy/bip-39-the-low-key-guardian-of-your-crypto-freedom "Understanding BIP-39: The Origin of Your Seed Phrase")
      * [How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/how-does-a-crypto-wallet-work "How Does A Crypto Wallet Work?")
  * Topics __
    * [Blockchain](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/blockchain "Blockchain")
    * [Crypto](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/crypto "Crypto")
    * [DAOs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/daos "DAOs")
    * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi")
    * [Economics and Regulation](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/economics-and-regulation "Economics and Regulation")
    * [Ledger solutions](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/ledgersolutions "Ledger solutions")
    * [Metaverse](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/metaverse "Metaverse")
    * [NFTs](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/nfts "NFTs")
    * [Scams](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/scams "Scams")
    * [Security](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/security "Security")
    * [Tutorials](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/tutorials "Tutorials")
  * Series __
    * [Enter The Donjon](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/enter-the-donjon "Enter The Donjon")
    * [How I Got Hacked](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/how-i-got-hacked "How I Got Hacked")
    * [Keep Your Crypto Safe](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/get-your-crypto-safe "Keep Your Crypto Safe")
    * [Ledger How To's](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/ledger-how-tos "Ledger How To's")
    * [On The Ledger](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/on-the-ledger "On The Ledger")
    * [Reading Room](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/reading-room "Reading Room")
    * [School of Block](https://www.ledger.com/academy/series/school-of-block "School of Block")
  * [ Shop Ledger ](https://shop.ledger.com/ "Shop Ledger")
  * [ Learn and earn  ](https://quest.ledger.com "Learn and earn")
  * [ Search __](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library "Search")
  * [ Crypto Glossary ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary "Crypto Glossary")
  * English
    * This page is available in English only

### Up your Web3 game

## Ledger Academy Quests

  * __ Test your knowledge
  * __ Earn POK NFTs

[Play now](https://quest.ledger.com "Play now") [See all
quests](https://quest.ledger.com/quests "See all quests")

[__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger
Youtube")[__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger
Twitter")[__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger
Reddit")[__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger
Facebook")[__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger LinkedIn")

  * [Ledger Academy ](https://www.ledger.com/academy "Ledger Academy ") __
  * [DeFi](https://www.ledger.com/academy/library/topic/defi "DeFi") __
  * ... __
  * Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL

# Solana Staking: How To Stake SOL

By **Lipsa Das**

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

Sep 12, 2023 | **Updated Sep 12, 2023**

__Read 7 min

Medium

SHARE

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Solana%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20SOL&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-staking-how-to-
stake-sol
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol&title=Solana%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20SOL
"Reddit")

![Floating boxes in an open space](https://www.ledger.com/wp-
content/uploads/2023/04/05_DeFi_Cover_Main-1-1024x432.jpg) KEY TAKEAWAYS  
---  
— Staking Solana allows you to passively earn rewards by locking up your SOL
tokens to help secure the Solana blockchain.  
  
— You can stake Solana by operating a blockchain validator node, delegating
your stake to another validator, or using a staking pool.  
  
— Ledger Live helps you easily stake your Solana tokens via Figment, a trusted
validator.  
  
Known for its remarkable transaction speeds, Solana is home to thousands of
projects in DeFi, NFTs, and games. Solana’s ecosystem has attracted well-known
institutions, developers, and crypto thought leaders as investors. But [what
is Solana](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-solana) exactly?

Well firstly, it’s a [proof of
stake](https://www.ledger.com/academy/blockchain/what-is-proof-of-stake)
blockchain, meaning it allows you to participate in the blockchain’s network
operations by locking up your cryptocurrency. In return, the Solana network
provides passive income on your tokens. This concept is called crypto staking.

But how does that work within the Solana ecosystem exactly? What is solana
staking and how does it work?

Let’s dig in.

## Solana Staking: What is it all about?

Solana Staking is a way for you to participate in the security mechanism of
the Solana blockchain in return for network rewards. The Solana network locks
up your tokens as collateral to ensure that validations on the network happen
smoothly.

But before you commit your tokens to the Solana blockchain (or any other
blockchain, for that matter), make sure you read Ledger’s guide on [crypto
staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/basic-basics/keep-growing-it/stake-
your-crypto) to understand what the core PoS mechanism entails. While Solana
is indeed built on these foundations, it also has its own unique rules for
rewards, penalties, and consensus. So, let’s look at how it works.

## How Does Staking Work on Solana?

Staking on Solana involves three main concepts: cool down periods, slashing
and, of course, rewards. If you’re just starting with staking, you’re probably
most concerned with the latter, so let’s start there.

### Staking

In most proof-of-stake blockchains rewards play an important role in keeping
the network secure. And Solana is no different. Block creators, called
validators in a POS system, must stake their cryptocurrency in order to
validate transactions and create blocks. In short, every successful Solana
block will generate a specific number of new Solana tokens.

### Crypto Rewards…and Punishments

The generated tokens are awarded to the participant that validates the block
and added to the overall supply of the cryptocurrency. These rewards can be
quite lucrative, and in fact, that’s the whole point of their existence–as an
incentive for good behavior. But what happens if these validators decide to
take advantage of their power to create blocks?

Simply, the solana network uses a slashing to control any bad behavior by the
nodes. [Slashing ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/what-is-
slashing)is a blockchain’s method of punishing validators who behave badly.
Basically, slashing involves a participant losing their staked SOL if the
network decides they have acted maliciously. And slashing mechanisms in Solana
are strict:  a participant can lose up to 100% of their stake. That means you
can lose money by delegating your funds to the wrong validator. If the
validator acts maliciously, it’s your assets on the line. That’s why it’s so
important to choose your validator wisely.

So now you know how staking and rewards work, but what about unstaking?

### Withdrawing Your Stake of SOL

Well, if you unstake SOL, you’ll have to wait out a “cool down period”. To
explain, a cool down period is the time the blockchain takes to release your
SOL once you unstake them. This happens because the network limits how many
tokens can be unstaked in a single epoch (a fixed period of time on the
blockchain), ensuring that validations across the network still run smoothly.
So when you click “unstake”, parts of your stake gradually deactivate and
become available for withdrawal. The active part of your stake continues to
earn rewards until that fixed time frame ends, and that’s why you may have to
wait some time before you withdraw.

## Ways to Stake SOL

So now you know all about how SOL staking works, you might be wondering how to
get involved yourself. Well, you can stake SOL in four main ways: solo
staking, staking via centralized exchanges, delegating your funds to the
[validator](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-a-blockchain-validator),
and staking pools. Let’s see how these staking mechanisms work and how you can
get started.

### Solo Staking

Solo staking, also called native staking, is the process of staking
independently by running your own blockchain node. As an independent
validator, you need specific hardware to validate transactions and stake your
SOL tokens.

While there is no minimum stake to become a validator, validating blocks costs
a transaction fee of up to 1.1 SOL per day. Plus, to validate transactions
effectively, you’ll need specialized hardware.

However, since solo staking is independent, you get to keep most of the block
rewards — making it potentially more lucrative.

### Delegate Your SOL to a Validator

Delegating your SOL to a validator is an affordable way of staking natively on
the blockchain. In this method, you transfer your stake and voting rights to
an established network validator. In doing so, you signal to the network that
you trust the validator–you’re essentially voting for that participant to
create the next block. The more votes a validator has, the more likely they
are selected to validate the next block. Then for backing the validator who
creates a block, you receive a portion of the rewards.

Delegating is a great way to earn staking rewards without running complex
hardware yourself. However, validator delegating comes with a shared risk-
reward structure. Meaning if the validator doesn’t abide by the network rules,
you run the risk of getting your stake slashed.

### Centralized Exchange SOL Staking

Staking via a centralized exchange essentially allows the platform to stake
your assets on your behalf on the blockchain. These exchanges either run their
validator nodes on the blockchain or delegate it to a trusted third party.
They then pass on the rewards to you after taking a small percentage fee.

Most big centralized exchanges have a beginner-friendly process to stake your
cryptocurrencies via their Earn programs. You can navigate to their “Earn”
section, select the cryptocurrency you wish to stake, review the projected
annual percentage return, and stake it with a few clicks.

However, you should be aware that staking using this method usually involves
using a custodial wallet. If you leave your funds in a custodial wallet,
you’re essentially handing over ownership of your funds to a centralized
entity. If the platform shuts down, or the CEO goes rogue, they could
potentially access your funds, and even pick up your staking rewards!

### Pooled Staking

[Pooled staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/pooled-staking-how-crypto-
staking-pools-work) is a way to earn staking rewards by collectively pooling
SOL tokens into a shared staking pool, managed by a designated validator.
Rewards from the staking process goes to the participants based on their
contribution to the pool and, of course, the validator.

Since pooled staking shares the rewards among participants, the overall return
on investment for your stake is typically lower than solo staking. However,
pooled staking offers an affordable and accessible entry-point for beginners.
Plus staking in a pool with a self-custodial wallet offers you more custody
over your assets than a centralized exchange.

### Liquid Staking

Under the Pooled staking umbrella, you also have [liquid
staking](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-liquid-staking).
To explain, liquid staking also requires a staking pool. But it also follows a
more flexible model that lets stakers use their locked-up funds for other
crypto activities. In short, stakers receive tokens representing their share
in the staking pool and these are pegged to the value of the original asset.
This means you can use these liquid SOL tokens across the Solana DeFi
ecosystem, for trading and lending activities. This type of staking is
available for Solana directly through Ledger Live thanks to Lido, Ledger’s
trusted staking provider.

## Benefits of Staking SOL

Staking SOL offers two direct benefits: monetary rewards for the staker and
increased security for the blockchain network.

By staking SOL, you can passively grow your assets by helping validate
transactions on the network. While the exact reward percentage varies
depending on the block, the current estimated reward rate for Solana staking
is about 4.35%. So, for each successful block, you receive about 4.35% of your
total stake as a reward.

And of course, becoming a staker also helps the entire Solana ecosystem.
Blockchains derive their security from decentralization — i.e having a network
of computers across the globe confirm transactions instead of a centralized
entity like a bank. The more validators or stakers on the network, the more
secure it is.

## Risks of Staking SOL

While staking SOL is pretty straightforward, you must know the risks of
locking up your cryptocurrencies. Some of the major risks of staking SOL
include volatility, centralization risks, slashing, liquidity issues, and so
on.

### Volatility

When you stake SOL tokens, you earn rewards in the form of additional SOL
tokens at a specific percentage rate. However, the volatility of Solana can
have a significant impact on your overall rewards. If the price of SOL
decreases, the value of your investment might go down even if you have more
tokens than you originally did.

### Staking platform

While native staking is pretty safe, other types of staking comes with their
own risks. For example, centralized staking pools have risks; they have a
central entity operating the pool, essentially giving that operator
disproportionate control over the platform. Then even with decentralized
staking pools, there is also a risk of smart contract bugs—which could
potentially become exploited. In both these cases, you could lose access to
your funds through no fault of your own.

### Slashing

As explained earlier, in slashing, validators lose access to their funds if
they behave maliciously. This also means that if you delegate your stake to a
validator that behaves badly, you also stand to lose some of your tokens.
Therefore, it’s important to vet validators based on their reputation.

### Liquidity

Crypto markets move fast. In this dynamic environment, timing is crucial — a
few hours can make all the difference, especially when it comes to responding
to concerning signals in a project. However, staking cryptocurrencies comes
with a “cool down period” which means you cannot unstake your cryptocurrencies
immediately. This waiting period can be problematic, especially when you must
react quickly to changes.

## How to Stake SOL

So now you know all about the benefits and risks of staking SOL, you might be
wondering how to start staking on Solana yourself. As explained earlier in
this article, you can stake SOL in various ways, such as a centralized
exchange, delegation, staking pools, or running a node. So let’s look at your
options:

### Staking SOL via an Exchange

Staking via a centralized exchange is typically the most popular option for
beginners simply because of the ease of access. However, as mentioned, using
these exchanges to store your assets is not entirely safe. Using this method
you’re forfeiting control of your private keys — and, in turn, custody of your
assets. If anything goes wrong with the exchange, such as a hack or lack of
liquidity, you won’t be able to access your funds. But if you’re looking for
the easiest option, find a centralized exchange, set up your account,
[KYC](https://www.ledger.com/academy/glossary/know-your-customer-kyc) and then
start staking whichever coin you want.

### How to Stake SOL with a Ledger

So, while staking with exchanges might offer convenient access, it’s important
to move to methods that give you full control of your digital assets. If you
want to access the world of staking securely without running a node yourself,
delegating SOL to a validator is the easiest way to start.

Luckily, you can easily delegate SOL directly within the Ledger Live ecosystem
to a Ledger Staking node via Figment. You receive your rewards straight into
your secure Ledger wallet — ensuring you have full custody of your private
keys at every stage. Thus, Ledger is the most secure option for staking your
SOL.

Here’s how you can use Ledger Live to start your staking journey easily:

  1. Connect your Ledger device and open the Solana app on your device.
  2. Next, go to the Ledger Live app, navigate to the “Accounts” tab and select your Solana account.
  3. Click on the “Stake” button below the account name, choose the “Ledger by Figment” as the validator, and proceed to the next step.
  4. In the second step, input the amount of SOL you wish to stake and confirm it on your Ledger device.
  5. Finally, review and approve the transaction to successfully delegate your Solana tokens.

You can also check out[ the guide on staking Solana via
Ledger](https://support.ledger.com/hc/en-us/articles/4731749170461-Staking-
Solana-SOL-in-Ledger-Live?docs=true) if you’re stuck on any particular step.

## Final Thoughts on Staking Solana

Staking Solana is one of the best ways to grow your exposure to Solana, one of
the fastest-growing blockchain ecosystems. Staking allows you to get the best
of both worlds — earn rewards without actively working for it. But while
staking can be rewarding, remember: it’s not just about growing your assets;
it’s also about keeping them safe.

If you’re trusting a platform or validator with your funds, remember to
[DYOR](https://www.ledger.com/academy/do-your-own-research-how-to-investigate-
crypto-projects) — learn its history and reputation, check security measures,
and their overall performance. However, the best way to keep your funds safe
is using a self-custodial wallet like Ledger to stake your assets.  
Choose [self custody](https://www.ledger.com/academy/tips-to-trust-yourself-
in-becoming-your-own-bank), choose Ledger.

**Lipsa Das**  
@ItsLipsaDas

![](https://ledger-wp-
website-s3-prd.ledger.com/uploads/2022/09/Lipsa-104x104.jpg)

As a developer turned writer, I make Web3 less intimidating and more fun,
while being technically accurate. In my free time, you can find me vibing on
your favorite NFT discord server, or trying to get my best friend into crypto.
Find me on Twitter!

**SHARE**

[](https://www.instagram.com/ledger
"Instagram")[](https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol
"Facebook")[](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?via=ledger&text=Solana%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20SOL&url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol "Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-
offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-staking-how-to-
stake-sol
"Linkedin")[](http://reddit.com/submit?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol&title=Solana%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20SOL
"Reddit")

[ Next up: Staking: Your Different Options, and What They Mean
](https://www.ledger.com/?post_type=academy&p=255427 "Staking: Your Different
Options, and What They Mean")

  

Related Resources

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-restaking)

[What Is Ethereum Restaking?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-ethereum-
restaking)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-rocket-pool)

[What Is Rocket Pool?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/what-is-
rocket-pool)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-attack-in-
crypto)

[What Is a Sybil Attack in
Crypto?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/security/what-is-a-sybil-
attack-in-crypto)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-layer-2-base-
blockchain-explained)

[Coinbase Layer 2: Base Blockchain
Explained](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/blockchain/coinbase-
layer-2-base-blockchain-explained)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-usd-coin-usdc)

[What Is USD Coin (USDC)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-usd-coin-
usdc)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cardano-staking-how-to-stake-ada)

[Cardano Staking: How To Stake ADA](https://www.ledger.com/academy/cardano-
staking-how-to-stake-ada)

__Read

Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

[What Is Injective (INJ)?](https://www.ledger.com/academy/what-is-injective)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-xtz)

[Tezos Staking: How To Stake
XTZ](https://www.ledger.com/academy/topics/defi/staking-tezos-how-to-stake-
xtz)

__Read

8 min Beginner

[](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-made-
easy)

[Earn Crypto With Ledger Live: Staking Made
Easy](https://www.ledger.com/academy/earn-crypto-with-ledger-live-staking-
made-easy)

__Read

Beginner

### Stay in touch

Announcements can be found in our blog. Press contact:  
[media@ledger.com](mailto:media@ledger.com)

  * [__](https://www.reddit.com/r/ledgerwallet/ "Ledger Reddit")
  * [__](https://www.facebook.com/Ledger/ "Ledger Facebook")
  * [__](https://www.instagram.com/ledger/ "Ledger Instagram")
  * [__](https://twitter.com/Ledger "Ledger Twitter")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/Ledger "Ledger Youtube")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/ledgerhq "Ledger Linkedin company")
  * [__](https://www.tiktok.com/@ledger "Ledger Tiktok")
  * [__](https://discord.com/invite/ledger "Ledger Discord")

### Subscribe to our  
newsletter

New coins supported, blog updates and exclusive offers directly in your inbox

  

Enter your email

Register to newsletter

Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, as well as
updates and offers. You can unsubscribe at any time using the link included in
the newsletter.

[Learn more about how we manage your data and your
rights.](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/privacy-notice#ledger-newsletter)

__

[![](https://www.ledger.com/wp-content/themes/ledger-v2/public/images/ledger-
logo-long.svg)](https://www.ledger.com "Ledger")

  * English
    * This page is available in English only

Copyright © Ledger SAS. All rights reserved. Ledger, Ledger Stax, Ledger Nano
S, Ledger Vault, Bolos are trademarks owned by Ledger SAS.  
  
1 rue du Mail, 75002 Paris, France  
  
Payment methods  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/logo-paypal-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-crypto-s.png?v=6)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-bitpay-s.png?v=6)  
![](/wp-content/uploads/2021/11/layer1.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-visa-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-maestro-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-mastercard-s.png?v=2)  ![](/wp-
content/uploads/2021/11/logo-cb-s.png?v=2)

  * Products
    * [Ledger Stax](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-stax)
    * [Ledger Nano X](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-x)
    * [Ledger Nano S Plus](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/ledger-nano-s-plus)
    * [Compare our devices](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/hardware-wallets-comparison)
    * [Bundles](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-bundle)
    * [Accessories](https://shop.ledger.com/#category-accessories)
    * [All products](https://shop.ledger.com)
    * [Downloads](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-live)

  * Crypto Assets
    * [Bitcoin wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/bitcoin)
    * [Ethereum wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ethereum)
    * [Cardano wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/cardano)
    * [XRP wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/ripple)
    * [Monero wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/monero)
    * [USDT wallet](https://www.ledger.com/coin/wallet/tether)
    * [See all assets](https://www.ledger.com/supported-crypto-assets)

  * Crypto Services
    * [Crypto Prices](https://www.ledger.com/coin/price)
    * [Buy crypto](https://www.ledger.com/buy)
    * [Staking crypto](https://www.ledger.com/staking)
    * [Swap crypto](https://www.ledger.com/swap)

  * For Business
    * [Ledger Enterprise Solutions](https://enterprise.ledger.com/)

  * For Startups
    * [Funding from Ledger Cathay Capital](https://www.ledger.com/cathay-ledger-fund)

  * For Developers
    * [The Developer Portal](https://developers.ledger.com/)

  * Get started
    * [Start using your Ledger device](https://www.ledger.com/start)
    * [Compatible wallets and services](https://www.ledger.com/ledger-wallets-and-services)
    * [How to buy Bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin)
    * [Guide before buying bitcoin](https://www.ledger.com/buy-bitcoin/how)
    * [Bitcoin Hardware Wallet](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/bitcoin-hardware-wallet)

  * See also
    * [Support](https://support.ledger.com/hc)
    * [Bounty program](https://donjon.ledger.com/bounty/)
    * [Resellers](/reseller)
    * [Ledger Press Kit](https://www.ledger.com/press)
    * [Affiliates](https://www.ledgerwallet.com/affiliates/)
    * [Status](https://status.ledger.com/)
    * [Partners](/partners)

  * Careers
    * [Join us](https://www.ledger.com/career)
    * [All jobs](https://www.ledger.com/jobs)

  * About
    * [Our vision](https://www.ledger.com/blog/we-are-ledger-a-brand-vision)
    * [Ledger Academy](https://www.ledger.com/academy)
    * [The company](/the-company)
    * [The people](/the-people-behind-ledger)
    * [Diversity](https://www.ledger.com/diversity)
    * [Blog](/blog)

  * Legal
    * [Legal Center](https://www.ledger.com/legal-center)
    * [Sales Terms and Conditions](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/terms-and-conditions)
    * [Privacy Policy](https://www.ledger.com/privacy-policy)
    * [Disclaimers](https://shop.ledger.com/pages/disclaimers)

![](https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=237213137153741&ev=PageView&noscript=1)

![](https://t.co/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=998d8011-a098-4d22-b92b-da58b22b3c84&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c1bb5a5e-5824-4dc6-b337-af17d093e235&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-
sol&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)![](https://analytics.twitter.com/1/i/adsct?bci=4&eci=3&event=%7B%7D&event_id=998d8011-a098-4d22-b92b-da58b22b3c84&integration=gtm&p_id=Twitter&p_user_id=0&pl_id=c1bb5a5e-5824-4dc6-b337-af17d093e235&tw_document_href=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-
sol&tw_iframe_status=0&txn_id=nzkax&type=javascript&version=2.3.30)

By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your
device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our
marketing efforts.

Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/df21fb3f-71b8-491b-89ee-
eb777bcaf866/637ca236-af9d-4a40-815f-1b6a15af499d/ea9d9f41-35f0-4c24-9a83-1ef746863067/White_64.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

  * ### Your Privacy

  * ### Strictly Necessary Cookies

  * ### Performance Cookies

  * ### Functional Cookies

  * ### Targeting Cookies

  * ### Social Media Cookies

#### Your Privacy

When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your
browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you,
your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as
you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but
it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your
right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on
the different category headings to find out more and change our default
settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience
of the site and the services we are able to offer.  
[More information](https://cookiepedia.co.uk/giving-consent-to-cookies)

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They
may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show
you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal
information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet
device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted
advertising.

View Vendor Details‎

#### Social Media Cookies

Social Media Cookies

These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added
to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks.
They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a
profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on
other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be
able to use or see these sharing tools.

View Vendor Details‎

Back Button

### Vendors List

Filter Button

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Confirm My Choices

Allow All

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

![](https://bat.bing.com/action/0?ti=134633242&tm=gtm002&Ver=2&mid=25cbaa74-3f8c-4d40-86f0-bcf0b20ee1c5&sid=0dc948801cfd11ef9f3139fc2d985980&vid=0dc940b01cfd11efbbf1632c324a8717&vids=1&msclkid=N&pi=918639831&lg=en-
US&sw=800&sh=600&sc=24&tl=Solana%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20SOL%20%7C%20Ledger&p=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol&r=&lt=2635&evt=pageLoad&sv=1&rn=110432)

![dot image
pixel](https://sp.analytics.yahoo.com/sp.pl?a=10000&d=Tue%2C%2028%20May%202024%2014%3A17%3A46%20GMT&n=0&b=Solana%20Staking%3A%20How%20To%20Stake%20SOL%20%7C%20Ledger&.yp=10159916&f=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ledger.com%2Facademy%2Fsolana-
staking-how-to-stake-sol&enc=UTF-8&yv=1.15.1&tagmgr=gtm)

