Skip to main content

[](/en/)

  * Learn
  * Use
  * Build
  * Participate
  * Research

Search```K`

Languages EN

Change page

[Overview](/en/developers/docs/)

Foundational topics

[Intro to Ethereum](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)

[Intro to Ether](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ether/)

[Intro to dapps](/en/developers/docs/dapps/)

[Web2 vs Web3](/en/developers/docs/web2-vs-web3/)

[Accounts](/en/developers/docs/accounts/)

[Transactions](/en/developers/docs/transactions/)

[Blocks](/en/developers/docs/blocks/)

[Ethereum virtual machine (EVM)](/en/developers/docs/evm/)

[Opcodes](/en/developers/docs/evm/opcodes/)

[Gas](/en/developers/docs/gas/)

[Nodes and clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/)

[Run a node](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/run-a-node/)

[Client diversity](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/client-diversity/)

[Nodes as a service](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/nodes-as-a-
service/)

[Node architecture](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/node-architecture/)

[Light clients](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/light-clients/)

[Archive nodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/archive-nodes/)

[Bootnodes](/en/developers/docs/nodes-and-clients/bootnodes/)

[Networks](/en/developers/docs/networks/)

[Consensus mechanisms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/)

[Proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/)

[Mining](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/)

[Mining algorithms](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/)

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

[Ethash](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/ethash/)

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

[Gasper](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/gasper/)

[Weak subjectivity](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/weak-
subjectivity/)

[Attestations](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attestations/)

[PoS rewards and penalties](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/rewards-and-penalties/)

[PoS attack and defense](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/attack-
and-defense/)

[Keys](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/keys/)

[Proof-of-stake versus proof-of-work](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pos/pos-vs-pow/)

[Block proposal](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/block-proposal/)

[Proof-of-stake FAQs](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/faqs/)

[Proof-of-authority](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/poa/)

Ethereum stack

[Intro to the stack](/en/developers/docs/ethereum-stack/)

[Smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/)

[Smart contract languages](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/languages/)

[Smart contract anatomy](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/anatomy/)

[Smart contracts libraries](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/libraries/)

[Testing smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/testing/)

[Compiling smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/compiling/)

[Deploying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/deploying/)

[Verifying smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/verifying/)

[Upgrading smart contracts](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/upgrading/)

[Smart contract security](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/security/)

[Smart contract formal verification](/en/developers/docs/smart-
contracts/formal-verification/)

[Composability](/en/developers/docs/smart-contracts/composability/)

[Development networks](/en/developers/docs/development-networks/)

[Development frameworks](/en/developers/docs/frameworks/)

Ethereum client APIs

[JavaScript APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/javascript/)

[Backend APIs](/en/developers/docs/apis/backend/)

[JSON-RPC](/en/developers/docs/apis/json-rpc/)

[Data and analytics](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/)

[Block explorers](/en/developers/docs/data-and-analytics/block-explorers/)

[Storage](/en/developers/docs/storage/)

[Integrated Development Environments (IDEs)](/en/developers/docs/ides/)

[Programming languages](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/)

[Dart](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dart/)

[Delphi](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/delphi/)

[.NET](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/dot-net/)

[Golang](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/golang/)

[Java](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/java/)

[JavaScript](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/javascript/)

[Python](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/python/)

[Ruby](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/ruby/)

[Rust](/en/developers/docs/programming-languages/rust/)

Advanced

[Bridges](/en/developers/docs/bridges/)

[Standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/)

[Token standards](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/)

[ERC-20: Fungible Tokens](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/)

[ERC-721: NFTs](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-721/)

[ERC-777](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-777/)

[ERC-1155](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-1155/)

[ERC-4626](/en/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-4626/)

[Maximal extractable value (MEV)](/en/developers/docs/mev/)

[Oracles](/en/developers/docs/oracles/)

[Scaling](/en/developers/docs/scaling/)

[Optimistic rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/optimistic-rollups/)

[Zero-knowledge rollups](/en/developers/docs/scaling/zk-rollups/)

[State channels](/en/developers/docs/scaling/state-channels/)

[Sidechains](/en/developers/docs/scaling/sidechains/)

[Plasma](/en/developers/docs/scaling/plasma/)

[Validium](/en/developers/docs/scaling/validium/)

[Data availability](/en/developers/docs/data-availability/)

[Networking layer](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/)

[Network addresses](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/network-addresses/)

[Portal Network](/en/developers/docs/networking-layer/portal-network/)

[Data structures and encoding](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/)

[Patricia Merkle Trie](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/patricia-merkle-trie/)

[Recursive-length prefix (RLP)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/rlp/)

[Simple serialize (SSZ)](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/ssz/)

[Web3 secret storage definition](/en/developers/docs/data-structures-and-
encoding/web3-secret-storage/)

Design fundamentals

[Intro to design and UX](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)

# Ethash

m

Last edit: [@minimalsm(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/minimalsm),
March 6, 2024

See contributors

On this page

  * How does Ethash work?
  * Definitions
    * The use of 'SHA3'
  * Parameters
  * Cache generation
  * Data aggregation function
  * Full dataset calculation
  * Main loop
  * Mining
  * Defining the seed hash
  * Further reading
  * Appendix
    * Data Sizes

![ðŸ‘‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f44b.svg)

Ethash was Ethereum's proof-of-work mining algorithm. Proof-of-work has now
been **switched off entirely** and Ethereum is now secured using [proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) instead. Read more on
[The Merge](/en/roadmap/merge/), [proof-of-
stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/) and
[staking](/en/staking/). This page is for historical interest!

[Ethash(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/wiki/wiki/Ethash) is
a modified version of the [Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-
mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/) algorithm. Ethash
proof-of-work is [memory hard(opens in a new
tab)](https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Memory-hard_function), which was thought to
make the algorithm ASIC resistant. Ethash ASICs were eventually developed but
GPU mining was still a viable option until proof-of-work was switched off.
Ethash is still used to mine other coins on other non-Ethereum proof-of-work
networks.

## How does Ethash work?

Memory hardness is achieved with a proof of work algorithm that requires
choosing subsets of a fixed resource dependent on the nonce and block header.
This resource (a few gigabytes in size) is called a DAG. The DAG is changed
every 30000 blocks, a ~125-hour window called an epoch (roughly 5.2 days) and
takes a while to generate. Since the DAG only depends on block height, it can
be pre-generated, but if it's not the client needs to wait until the end of
this process to produce a block. If clients do not pre-generate and cache DAGs
ahead of time the network may experience massive block delay on each epoch
transition. Note that the DAG does not need to be generated for verifying the
proof-of-work essentially allowing for verification with both low CPU and
small memory.

The general route that the algorithm takes is as follows:

  1. There exists a **seed** which can be computed for each block by scanning through the block headers up until that point.
  2. From the seed, one can compute a **16 MB pseudorandom cache**. Light clients store the cache.
  3. From the cache, we can generate a **1 GB dataset** , with the property that each item in the dataset depends on only a small number of items from the cache. Full clients and miners store the dataset. The dataset grows linearly with time.
  4. Mining involves grabbing random slices of the dataset and hashing them together. Verification can be done with low memory by using the cache to regenerate the specific pieces of the dataset that you need, so you only need to store the cache.

The large dataset is updated once every 30000 blocks, so the vast majority of
a miner's effort will be reading the dataset, not making changes to it.

## Definitions

We employ the following definitions:

    
    
    1WORD_BYTES = 4                    # bytes in word
    
    2DATASET_BYTES_INIT = 2**30        # bytes in dataset at genesis
    
    3DATASET_BYTES_GROWTH = 2**23      # dataset growth per epoch
    
    4CACHE_BYTES_INIT = 2**24          # bytes in cache at genesis
    
    5CACHE_BYTES_GROWTH = 2**17        # cache growth per epoch
    
    6CACHE_MULTIPLIER=1024             # Size of the DAG relative to the cache
    
    7EPOCH_LENGTH = 30000              # blocks per epoch
    
    8MIX_BYTES = 128                   # width of mix
    
    9HASH_BYTES = 64                   # hash length in bytes
    
    10DATASET_PARENTS = 256             # number of parents of each dataset element
    
    11CACHE_ROUNDS = 3                  # number of rounds in cache production
    
    12ACCESSES = 64                     # number of accesses in hashimoto loop
    
    Show all

### The use of 'SHA3'

Ethereum's development coincided with the development of the SHA3 standard,
and the standards process made a late change in the padding of the finalized
hash algorithm, so that Ethereum's "sha3_256" and "sha3_512" hashes are not
standard sha3 hashes, but a variant often referred to as "Keccak-256" and
"Keccak-512" in other contexts. See discussion, e.g. [here(opens in a new
tab)](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1803), [here(opens in a new
tab)](http://ethereum.stackexchange.com/questions/550/which-cryptographic-
hash-function-does-ethereum-use), or [here(opens in a new
tab)](http://bitcoin.stackexchange.com/questions/42055/what-is-the-approach-
to-calculate-an-ethereum-address-from-a-256-bit-private-key/42057#42057).

Please keep that in mind as "sha3" hashes are referred to in the description
of the algorithm below.

## Parameters

The parameters for Ethash's cache and dataset depend on the block number. The
cache size and dataset size both grow linearly; however, we always take the
highest prime below the linearly growing threshold in order to reduce the risk
of accidental regularities leading to cyclic behavior.

    
    
    1def get_cache_size(block_number):
    
    2    sz = CACHE_BYTES_INIT + CACHE_BYTES_GROWTH * (block_number // EPOCH_LENGTH)
    
    3    sz -= HASH_BYTES
    
    4    while not isprime(sz / HASH_BYTES):
    
    5        sz -= 2 * HASH_BYTES
    
    6    return sz
    
    7
    
    8def get_full_size(block_number):
    
    9    sz = DATASET_BYTES_INIT + DATASET_BYTES_GROWTH * (block_number // EPOCH_LENGTH)
    
    10    sz -= MIX_BYTES
    
    11    while not isprime(sz / MIX_BYTES):
    
    12        sz -= 2 * MIX_BYTES
    
    13    return sz
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Tables of dataset and cache size values are provided in the appendix.

## Cache generation

Now, we specify the function for producing a cache:

    
    
    1def mkcache(cache_size, seed):
    
    2    n = cache_size // HASH_BYTES
    
    3
    
    4    # Sequentially produce the initial dataset
    
    5    o = [sha3_512(seed)]
    
    6    for i in range(1, n):
    
    7        o.append(sha3_512(o[-1]))
    
    8
    
    9    # Use a low-round version of randmemohash
    
    10    for _ in range(CACHE_ROUNDS):
    
    11        for i in range(n):
    
    12            v = o[i][0] % n
    
    13            o[i] = sha3_512(map(xor, o[(i-1+n) % n], o[v]))
    
    14
    
    15    return o
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

The cache production process involves first sequentially filling up 32 MB of
memory, then performing two passes of Sergio Demian Lerner's _RandMemoHash_
algorithm from [_Strict Memory Hard Hashing Functions_ (2014)(opens in a new
tab)](http://www.hashcash.org/papers/memohash.pdf). The output is a set of
524288 64-byte values.

## Data aggregation function

We use an algorithm inspired by the [FNV hash(opens in a new
tab)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fowler%E2%80%93Noll%E2%80%93Vo_hash_function)
in some cases as a non-associative substitute for XOR. Note that we multiply
the prime with the full 32-bit input, in contrast with the FNV-1 spec which
multiplies the prime with one byte (octet) in turn.

    
    
    1FNV_PRIME = 0x01000193
    
    2
    
    3def fnv(v1, v2):
    
    4    return ((v1 * FNV_PRIME) ^ v2) % 2**32
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Please note, even the yellow paper specifies fnv as v1*(FNV_PRIME ^ v2), all
current implementations consistently use the above definition.

## Full dataset calculation

Each 64-byte item in the full 1 GB dataset is computed as follows:

    
    
    1def calc_dataset_item(cache, i):
    
    2    n = len(cache)
    
    3    r = HASH_BYTES // WORD_BYTES
    
    4    # initialize the mix
    
    5    mix = copy.copy(cache[i % n])
    
    6    mix[0] ^= i
    
    7    mix = sha3_512(mix)
    
    8    # fnv it with a lot of random cache nodes based on i
    
    9    for j in range(DATASET_PARENTS):
    
    10        cache_index = fnv(i ^ j, mix[j % r])
    
    11        mix = map(fnv, mix, cache[cache_index % n])
    
    12    return sha3_512(mix)
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Essentially, we combine data from 256 pseudorandomly selected cache nodes, and
hash that to compute the dataset node. The entire dataset is then generated
by:

    
    
    1def calc_dataset(full_size, cache):
    
    2    return [calc_dataset_item(cache, i) for i in range(full_size // HASH_BYTES)]
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Main loop

Now, we specify the main "hashimoto"-like loop, where we aggregate data from
the full dataset in order to produce our final value for a particular header
and nonce. In the code below, `header` represents the SHA3-256 _hash_ of the
RLP representation of a _truncated_ block header, that is, of a header
excluding the fields **mixHash** and **nonce**. `nonce` is the eight bytes of
a 64 bit unsigned integer in big-endian order. So `nonce[::-1]` is the eight-
byte little-endian representation of that value:

    
    
    1def hashimoto(header, nonce, full_size, dataset_lookup):
    
    2    n = full_size / HASH_BYTES
    
    3    w = MIX_BYTES // WORD_BYTES
    
    4    mixhashes = MIX_BYTES / HASH_BYTES
    
    5    # combine header+nonce into a 64 byte seed
    
    6    s = sha3_512(header + nonce[::-1])
    
    7    # start the mix with replicated s
    
    8    mix = []
    
    9    for _ in range(MIX_BYTES / HASH_BYTES):
    
    10        mix.extend(s)
    
    11    # mix in random dataset nodes
    
    12    for i in range(ACCESSES):
    
    13        p = fnv(i ^ s[0], mix[i % w]) % (n // mixhashes) * mixhashes
    
    14        newdata = []
    
    15        for j in range(MIX_BYTES / HASH_BYTES):
    
    16            newdata.extend(dataset_lookup(p + j))
    
    17        mix = map(fnv, mix, newdata)
    
    18    # compress mix
    
    19    cmix = []
    
    20    for i in range(0, len(mix), 4):
    
    21        cmix.append(fnv(fnv(fnv(mix[i], mix[i+1]), mix[i+2]), mix[i+3]))
    
    22    return {
    
    23        "mix digest": serialize_hash(cmix),
    
    24        "result": serialize_hash(sha3_256(s+cmix))
    
    25    }
    
    26
    
    27def hashimoto_light(full_size, cache, header, nonce):
    
    28    return hashimoto(header, nonce, full_size, lambda x: calc_dataset_item(cache, x))
    
    29
    
    30def hashimoto_full(full_size, dataset, header, nonce):
    
    31    return hashimoto(header, nonce, full_size, lambda x: dataset[x])
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Essentially, we maintain a "mix" 128 bytes wide, and repeatedly sequentially
fetch 128 bytes from the full dataset and use the `fnv` function to combine it
with the mix. 128 bytes of sequential access are used so that each round of
the algorithm always fetches a full page from RAM, minimizing translation
lookaside buffer misses which ASICs would theoretically be able to avoid.

If the output of this algorithm is below the desired target, then the nonce is
valid. Note that the extra application of `sha3_256` at the end ensures that
there exists an intermediate nonce which can be provided to prove that at
least a small amount of work was done; this quick outer PoW verification can
be used for anti-DDoS purposes. It also serves to provide statistical
assurance that the result is an unbiased, 256-bit number.

## Mining

The mining algorithm is defined as follows:

    
    
    1def mine(full_size, dataset, header, difficulty):
    
    2    # zero-pad target to compare with hash on the same digit
    
    3    target = zpad(encode_int(2**256 // difficulty), 64)[::-1]
    
    4    from random import randint
    
    5    nonce = randint(0, 2**64)
    
    6    while hashimoto_full(full_size, dataset, header, nonce) > target:
    
    7        nonce = (nonce + 1) % 2**64
    
    8    return nonce
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

## Defining the seed hash

In order to compute the seed hash that would be used to mine on top of a given
block, we use the following algorithm:

    
    
    1 def get_seedhash(block):
    
    2     s = '\x00' * 32
    
    3     for i in range(block.number // EPOCH_LENGTH):
    
    4         s = serialize_hash(sha3_256(s))
    
    5     return s
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

Note that for smooth mining and verifying, we recommend pre-computing future
seedhashes and datasets in a separate thread.

## Further reading

 _Know of a community resource that helped you? Edit this page and add it!_

## Appendix

The following code should be prepended if you are interested in running the
above python spec as code.

    
    
    1import sha3, copy
    
    2
    
    3# Assumes little endian bit ordering (same as Intel architectures)
    
    4def decode_int(s):
    
    5    return int(s[::-1].encode('hex'), 16) if s else 0
    
    6
    
    7def encode_int(s):
    
    8    a = "%x" % s
    
    9    return '' if s == 0 else ('0' * (len(a) % 2) + a).decode('hex')[::-1]
    
    10
    
    11def zpad(s, length):
    
    12    return s + '\x00' * max(0, length - len(s))
    
    13
    
    14def serialize_hash(h):
    
    15    return ''.join([zpad(encode_int(x), 4) for x in h])
    
    16
    
    17def deserialize_hash(h):
    
    18    return [decode_int(h[i:i+WORD_BYTES]) for i in range(0, len(h), WORD_BYTES)]
    
    19
    
    20def hash_words(h, sz, x):
    
    21    if isinstance(x, list):
    
    22        x = serialize_hash(x)
    
    23    y = h(x)
    
    24    return deserialize_hash(y)
    
    25
    
    26def serialize_cache(ds):
    
    27    return ''.join([serialize_hash(h) for h in ds])
    
    28
    
    29serialize_dataset = serialize_cache
    
    30
    
    31# sha3 hash function, outputs 64 bytes
    
    32def sha3_512(x):
    
    33    return hash_words(lambda v: sha3.sha3_512(v).digest(), 64, x)
    
    34
    
    35def sha3_256(x):
    
    36    return hash_words(lambda v: sha3.sha3_256(v).digest(), 32, x)
    
    37
    
    38def xor(a, b):
    
    39    return a ^ b
    
    40
    
    41def isprime(x):
    
    42    for i in range(2, int(x**0.5)):
    
    43         if x % i == 0:
    
    44             return False
    
    45    return True
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

### Data Sizes

The following lookup tables provide approximately 2048 tabulated epochs of
data sizes and cache sizes.

    
    
    1def get_datasize(block_number):
    
    2    return data_sizes[block_number // EPOCH_LENGTH]
    
    3
    
    4def get_cachesize(block_number):
    
    5    return cache_sizes[block_number // EPOCH_LENGTH]
    
    6
    
    7data_sizes = [
    
    81073739904, 1082130304, 1090514816, 1098906752, 1107293056,
    
    91115684224, 1124070016, 1132461952, 1140849536, 1149232768,
    
    101157627776, 1166013824, 1174404736, 1182786944, 1191180416,
    
    111199568512, 1207958912, 1216345216, 1224732032, 1233124736,
    
    121241513344, 1249902464, 1258290304, 1266673792, 1275067264,
    
    131283453312, 1291844992, 1300234112, 1308619904, 1317010048,
    
    141325397376, 1333787776, 1342176128, 1350561664, 1358954368,
    
    151367339392, 1375731584, 1384118144, 1392507008, 1400897408,
    
    161409284736, 1417673344, 1426062464, 1434451072, 1442839168,
    
    171451229056, 1459615616, 1468006016, 1476394112, 1484782976,
    
    181493171584, 1501559168, 1509948032, 1518337664, 1526726528,
    
    191535114624, 1543503488, 1551892096, 1560278656, 1568669056,
    
    201577056384, 1585446272, 1593831296, 1602219392, 1610610304,
    
    211619000192, 1627386752, 1635773824, 1644164224, 1652555648,
    
    221660943488, 1669332608, 1677721216, 1686109312, 1694497664,
    
    231702886272, 1711274624, 1719661184, 1728047744, 1736434816,
    
    241744829056, 1753218944, 1761606272, 1769995904, 1778382464,
    
    251786772864, 1795157888, 1803550592, 1811937664, 1820327552,
    
    261828711552, 1837102976, 1845488768, 1853879936, 1862269312,
    
    271870656896, 1879048064, 1887431552, 1895825024, 1904212096,
    
    281912601216, 1920988544, 1929379456, 1937765504, 1946156672,
    
    291954543232, 1962932096, 1971321728, 1979707264, 1988093056,
    
    301996487552, 2004874624, 2013262208, 2021653888, 2030039936,
    
    312038430848, 2046819968, 2055208576, 2063596672, 2071981952,
    
    322080373632, 2088762752, 2097149056, 2105539712, 2113928576,
    
    332122315136, 2130700672, 2139092608, 2147483264, 2155872128,
    
    342164257664, 2172642176, 2181035392, 2189426048, 2197814912,
    
    352206203008, 2214587264, 2222979712, 2231367808, 2239758208,
    
    362248145024, 2256527744, 2264922752, 2273312128, 2281701248,
    
    372290086272, 2298476672, 2306867072, 2315251072, 2323639168,
    
    382332032128, 2340420224, 2348808064, 2357196416, 2365580416,
    
    392373966976, 2382363008, 2390748544, 2399139968, 2407530368,
    
    402415918976, 2424307328, 2432695424, 2441084288, 2449472384,
    
    412457861248, 2466247808, 2474637184, 2483026816, 2491414144,
    
    422499803776, 2508191872, 2516582272, 2524970368, 2533359232,
    
    432541743488, 2550134144, 2558525056, 2566913408, 2575301504,
    
    442583686528, 2592073856, 2600467328, 2608856192, 2617240448,
    
    452625631616, 2634022016, 2642407552, 2650796416, 2659188352,
    
    462667574912, 2675965312, 2684352896, 2692738688, 2701130624,
    
    472709518464, 2717907328, 2726293376, 2734685056, 2743073152,
    
    482751462016, 2759851648, 2768232832, 2776625536, 2785017728,
    
    492793401984, 2801794432, 2810182016, 2818571648, 2826959488,
    
    502835349376, 2843734144, 2852121472, 2860514432, 2868900992,
    
    512877286784, 2885676928, 2894069632, 2902451584, 2910843008,
    
    522919234688, 2927622784, 2936011648, 2944400768, 2952789376,
    
    532961177728, 2969565568, 2977951616, 2986338944, 2994731392,
    
    543003120256, 3011508352, 3019895936, 3028287104, 3036675968,
    
    553045063808, 3053452928, 3061837696, 3070228352, 3078615424,
    
    563087003776, 3095394944, 3103782272, 3112173184, 3120562048,
    
    573128944768, 3137339264, 3145725056, 3154109312, 3162505088,
    
    583170893184, 3179280256, 3187669376, 3196056704, 3204445568,
    
    593212836736, 3221224064, 3229612928, 3238002304, 3246391168,
    
    603254778496, 3263165824, 3271556224, 3279944576, 3288332416,
    
    613296719232, 3305110912, 3313500032, 3321887104, 3330273152,
    
    623338658944, 3347053184, 3355440512, 3363827072, 3372220288,
    
    633380608384, 3388997504, 3397384576, 3405774208, 3414163072,
    
    643422551936, 3430937984, 3439328384, 3447714176, 3456104576,
    
    653464493952, 3472883584, 3481268864, 3489655168, 3498048896,
    
    663506434432, 3514826368, 3523213952, 3531603584, 3539987072,
    
    673548380288, 3556763264, 3565157248, 3573545344, 3581934464,
    
    683590324096, 3598712704, 3607098752, 3615488384, 3623877248,
    
    693632265856, 3640646528, 3649043584, 3657430144, 3665821568,
    
    703674207872, 3682597504, 3690984832, 3699367808, 3707764352,
    
    713716152448, 3724541056, 3732925568, 3741318016, 3749706368,
    
    723758091136, 3766481536, 3774872704, 3783260032, 3791650432,
    
    733800036224, 3808427648, 3816815488, 3825204608, 3833592704,
    
    743841981568, 3850370432, 3858755968, 3867147904, 3875536256,
    
    753883920512, 3892313728, 3900702592, 3909087872, 3917478784,
    
    763925868416, 3934256512, 3942645376, 3951032192, 3959422336,
    
    773967809152, 3976200064, 3984588416, 3992974976, 4001363584,
    
    784009751168, 4018141312, 4026530432, 4034911616, 4043308928,
    
    794051695488, 4060084352, 4068472448, 4076862848, 4085249408,
    
    804093640576, 4102028416, 4110413696, 4118805632, 4127194496,
    
    814135583104, 4143971968, 4152360832, 4160746112, 4169135744,
    
    824177525888, 4185912704, 4194303616, 4202691968, 4211076736,
    
    834219463552, 4227855488, 4236246656, 4244633728, 4253022848,
    
    844261412224, 4269799808, 4278184832, 4286578048, 4294962304,
    
    854303349632, 4311743104, 4320130432, 4328521088, 4336909184,
    
    864345295488, 4353687424, 4362073472, 4370458496, 4378852736,
    
    874387238528, 4395630208, 4404019072, 4412407424, 4420790656,
    
    884429182848, 4437571456, 4445962112, 4454344064, 4462738048,
    
    894471119232, 4479516544, 4487904128, 4496289664, 4504682368,
    
    904513068416, 4521459584, 4529846144, 4538232704, 4546619776,
    
    914555010176, 4563402112, 4571790208, 4580174464, 4588567936,
    
    924596957056, 4605344896, 4613734016, 4622119808, 4630511488,
    
    934638898816, 4647287936, 4655675264, 4664065664, 4672451968,
    
    944680842624, 4689231488, 4697620352, 4706007424, 4714397056,
    
    954722786176, 4731173248, 4739562368, 4747951744, 4756340608,
    
    964764727936, 4773114496, 4781504384, 4789894784, 4798283648,
    
    974806667648, 4815059584, 4823449472, 4831835776, 4840226176,
    
    984848612224, 4857003392, 4865391488, 4873780096, 4882169728,
    
    994890557312, 4898946944, 4907333248, 4915722368, 4924110976,
    
    1004932499328, 4940889728, 4949276032, 4957666432, 4966054784,
    
    1014974438016, 4982831488, 4991221376, 4999607168, 5007998848,
    
    1025016386432, 5024763776, 5033164672, 5041544576, 5049941888,
    
    1035058329728, 5066717056, 5075107456, 5083494272, 5091883904,
    
    1045100273536, 5108662144, 5117048192, 5125436032, 5133827456,
    
    1055142215296, 5150605184, 5158993024, 5167382144, 5175769472,
    
    1065184157568, 5192543872, 5200936064, 5209324928, 5217711232,
    
    1075226102656, 5234490496, 5242877312, 5251263872, 5259654016,
    
    1085268040832, 5276434304, 5284819328, 5293209728, 5301598592,
    
    1095309986688, 5318374784, 5326764416, 5335151488, 5343542144,
    
    1105351929472, 5360319872, 5368706944, 5377096576, 5385484928,
    
    1115393871232, 5402263424, 5410650496, 5419040384, 5427426944,
    
    1125435816576, 5444205952, 5452594816, 5460981376, 5469367936,
    
    1135477760896, 5486148736, 5494536832, 5502925952, 5511315328,
    
    1145519703424, 5528089984, 5536481152, 5544869504, 5553256064,
    
    1155561645696, 5570032768, 5578423936, 5586811264, 5595193216,
    
    1165603585408, 5611972736, 5620366208, 5628750464, 5637143936,
    
    1175645528192, 5653921408, 5662310272, 5670694784, 5679082624,
    
    1185687474048, 5695864448, 5704251008, 5712641408, 5721030272,
    
    1195729416832, 5737806208, 5746194304, 5754583936, 5762969984,
    
    1205771358592, 5779748224, 5788137856, 5796527488, 5804911232,
    
    1215813300608, 5821692544, 5830082176, 5838468992, 5846855552,
    
    1225855247488, 5863636096, 5872024448, 5880411008, 5888799872,
    
    1235897186432, 5905576832, 5913966976, 5922352768, 5930744704,
    
    1245939132288, 5947522432, 5955911296, 5964299392, 5972688256,
    
    1255981074304, 5989465472, 5997851008, 6006241408, 6014627968,
    
    1266023015552, 6031408256, 6039796096, 6048185216, 6056574848,
    
    1276064963456, 6073351808, 6081736064, 6090128768, 6098517632,
    
    1286106906496, 6115289216, 6123680896, 6132070016, 6140459648,
    
    1296148849024, 6157237376, 6165624704, 6174009728, 6182403712,
    
    1306190792064, 6199176064, 6207569792, 6215952256, 6224345216,
    
    1316232732544, 6241124224, 6249510272, 6257899136, 6266287744,
    
    1326274676864, 6283065728, 6291454336, 6299843456, 6308232064,
    
    1336316620928, 6325006208, 6333395584, 6341784704, 6350174848,
    
    1346358562176, 6366951296, 6375337856, 6383729536, 6392119168,
    
    1356400504192, 6408895616, 6417283456, 6425673344, 6434059136,
    
    1366442444672, 6450837376, 6459223424, 6467613056, 6476004224,
    
    1376484393088, 6492781952, 6501170048, 6509555072, 6517947008,
    
    1386526336384, 6534725504, 6543112832, 6551500672, 6559888768,
    
    1396568278656, 6576662912, 6585055616, 6593443456, 6601834112,
    
    1406610219648, 6618610304, 6626999168, 6635385472, 6643777408,
    
    1416652164224, 6660552832, 6668941952, 6677330048, 6685719424,
    
    1426694107776, 6702493568, 6710882176, 6719274112, 6727662976,
    
    1436736052096, 6744437632, 6752825984, 6761213824, 6769604224,
    
    1446777993856, 6786383488, 6794770816, 6803158144, 6811549312,
    
    1456819937664, 6828326528, 6836706176, 6845101696, 6853491328,
    
    1466861880448, 6870269312, 6878655104, 6887046272, 6895433344,
    
    1476903822208, 6912212864, 6920596864, 6928988288, 6937377152,
    
    1486945764992, 6954149248, 6962544256, 6970928768, 6979317376,
    
    1496987709312, 6996093824, 7004487296, 7012875392, 7021258624,
    
    1507029652352, 7038038912, 7046427776, 7054818944, 7063207808,
    
    1517071595136, 7079980928, 7088372608, 7096759424, 7105149824,
    
    1527113536896, 7121928064, 7130315392, 7138699648, 7147092352,
    
    1537155479168, 7163865728, 7172249984, 7180648064, 7189036672,
    
    1547197424768, 7205810816, 7214196608, 7222589824, 7230975104,
    
    1557239367552, 7247755904, 7256145536, 7264533376, 7272921472,
    
    1567281308032, 7289694848, 7298088832, 7306471808, 7314864512,
    
    1577323253888, 7331643008, 7340029568, 7348419712, 7356808832,
    
    1587365196672, 7373585792, 7381973888, 7390362752, 7398750592,
    
    1597407138944, 7415528576, 7423915648, 7432302208, 7440690304,
    
    1607449080192, 7457472128, 7465860992, 7474249088, 7482635648,
    
    1617491023744, 7499412608, 7507803008, 7516192384, 7524579968,
    
    1627532967296, 7541358464, 7549745792, 7558134656, 7566524032,
    
    1637574912896, 7583300992, 7591690112, 7600075136, 7608466816,
    
    1647616854912, 7625244544, 7633629824, 7642020992, 7650410368,
    
    1657658794112, 7667187328, 7675574912, 7683961984, 7692349568,
    
    1667700739712, 7709130368, 7717519232, 7725905536, 7734295424,
    
    1677742683264, 7751069056, 7759457408, 7767849088, 7776238208,
    
    1687784626816, 7793014912, 7801405312, 7809792128, 7818179968,
    
    1697826571136, 7834957184, 7843347328, 7851732352, 7860124544,
    
    1707868512384, 7876902016, 7885287808, 7893679744, 7902067072,
    
    1717910455936, 7918844288, 7927230848, 7935622784, 7944009344,
    
    1727952400256, 7960786048, 7969176704, 7977565312, 7985953408,
    
    1737994339968, 8002730368, 8011119488, 8019508096, 8027896192,
    
    1748036285056, 8044674688, 8053062272, 8061448832, 8069838464,
    
    1758078227328, 8086616704, 8095006592, 8103393664, 8111783552,
    
    1768120171392, 8128560256, 8136949376, 8145336704, 8153726848,
    
    1778162114944, 8170503296, 8178891904, 8187280768, 8195669632,
    
    1788204058496, 8212444544, 8220834176, 8229222272, 8237612672,
    
    1798246000768, 8254389376, 8262775168, 8271167104, 8279553664,
    
    1808287944064, 8296333184, 8304715136, 8313108352, 8321497984,
    
    1818329885568, 8338274432, 8346663296, 8355052928, 8363441536,
    
    1828371828352, 8380217984, 8388606592, 8396996224, 8405384576,
    
    1838413772672, 8422161536, 8430549376, 8438939008, 8447326592,
    
    1848455715456, 8464104832, 8472492928, 8480882048, 8489270656,
    
    1858497659776, 8506045312, 8514434944, 8522823808, 8531208832,
    
    1868539602304, 8547990656, 8556378752, 8564768384, 8573154176,
    
    1878581542784, 8589933952, 8598322816, 8606705024, 8615099264,
    
    1888623487872, 8631876992, 8640264064, 8648653952, 8657040256,
    
    1898665430656, 8673820544, 8682209152, 8690592128, 8698977152,
    
    1908707374464, 8715763328, 8724151424, 8732540032, 8740928384,
    
    1918749315712, 8757704576, 8766089344, 8774480768, 8782871936,
    
    1928791260032, 8799645824, 8808034432, 8816426368, 8824812928,
    
    1938833199488, 8841591424, 8849976448, 8858366336, 8866757248,
    
    1948875147136, 8883532928, 8891923328, 8900306816, 8908700288,
    
    1958917088384, 8925478784, 8933867392, 8942250368, 8950644608,
    
    1968959032704, 8967420544, 8975809664, 8984197504, 8992584064,
    
    1979000976256, 9009362048, 9017752448, 9026141312, 9034530688,
    
    1989042917504, 9051307904, 9059694208, 9068084864, 9076471424,
    
    1999084861824, 9093250688, 9101638528, 9110027648, 9118416512,
    
    2009126803584, 9135188096, 9143581312, 9151969664, 9160356224,
    
    2019168747136, 9177134464, 9185525632, 9193910144, 9202302848,
    
    2029210690688, 9219079552, 9227465344, 9235854464, 9244244864,
    
    2039252633472, 9261021824, 9269411456, 9277799296, 9286188928,
    
    2049294574208, 9302965888, 9311351936, 9319740032, 9328131968,
    
    2059336516736, 9344907392, 9353296768, 9361685888, 9370074752,
    
    2069378463616, 9386849408, 9395239808, 9403629184, 9412016512,
    
    2079420405376, 9428795008, 9437181568, 9445570688, 9453960832,
    
    2089462346624, 9470738048, 9479121536, 9487515008, 9495903616,
    
    2099504289664, 9512678528, 9521067904, 9529456256, 9537843584,
    
    2109546233728, 9554621312, 9563011456, 9571398784, 9579788672,
    
    2119588178304, 9596567168, 9604954496, 9613343104, 9621732992,
    
    2129630121856, 9638508416, 9646898816, 9655283584, 9663675776,
    
    2139672061312, 9680449664, 9688840064, 9697230464, 9705617536,
    
    2149714003584, 9722393984, 9730772608, 9739172224, 9747561088,
    
    2159755945344, 9764338816, 9772726144, 9781116544, 9789503872,
    
    2169797892992, 9806282624, 9814670464, 9823056512, 9831439232,
    
    2179839833984, 9848224384, 9856613504, 9865000576, 9873391232,
    
    2189881772416, 9890162816, 9898556288, 9906940544, 9915333248,
    
    2199923721088, 9932108672, 9940496512, 9948888448, 9957276544,
    
    2209965666176, 9974048384, 9982441088, 9990830464, 9999219584,
    
    22110007602816, 10015996544, 10024385152, 10032774016, 10041163648,
    
    22210049548928, 10057940096, 10066329472, 10074717824, 10083105152,
    
    22310091495296, 10099878784, 10108272256, 10116660608, 10125049216,
    
    22410133437312, 10141825664, 10150213504, 10158601088, 10166991232,
    
    22510175378816, 10183766144, 10192157312, 10200545408, 10208935552,
    
    22610217322112, 10225712768, 10234099328, 10242489472, 10250876032,
    
    22710259264896, 10267656064, 10276042624, 10284429184, 10292820352,
    
    22810301209472, 10309598848, 10317987712, 10326375296, 10334763392,
    
    22910343153536, 10351541632, 10359930752, 10368318592, 10376707456,
    
    23010385096576, 10393484672, 10401867136, 10410262144, 10418647424,
    
    23110427039104, 10435425664, 10443810176, 10452203648, 10460589952,
    
    23210468982144, 10477369472, 10485759104, 10494147712, 10502533504,
    
    23310510923392, 10519313536, 10527702656, 10536091264, 10544478592,
    
    23410552867712, 10561255808, 10569642368, 10578032768, 10586423168,
    
    23510594805632, 10603200128, 10611588992, 10619976064, 10628361344,
    
    23610636754048, 10645143424, 10653531776, 10661920384, 10670307968,
    
    23710678696832, 10687086464, 10695475072, 10703863168, 10712246144,
    
    23810720639616, 10729026688, 10737414784, 10745806208, 10754190976,
    
    23910762581376, 10770971264, 10779356288, 10787747456, 10796135552,
    
    24010804525184, 10812915584, 10821301888, 10829692288, 10838078336,
    
    24110846469248, 10854858368, 10863247232, 10871631488, 10880023424,
    
    24210888412032, 10896799616, 10905188992, 10913574016, 10921964672,
    
    24310930352768, 10938742912, 10947132544, 10955518592, 10963909504,
    
    24410972298368, 10980687488, 10989074816, 10997462912, 11005851776,
    
    24511014241152, 11022627712, 11031017344, 11039403904, 11047793024,
    
    24611056184704, 11064570752, 11072960896, 11081343872, 11089737856,
    
    24711098128256, 11106514816, 11114904448, 11123293568, 11131680128,
    
    24811140065152, 11148458368, 11156845696, 11165236864, 11173624192,
    
    24911182013824, 11190402688, 11198790784, 11207179136, 11215568768,
    
    25011223957376, 11232345728, 11240734592, 11249122688, 11257511296,
    
    25111265899648, 11274285952, 11282675584, 11291065472, 11299452544,
    
    25211307842432, 11316231296, 11324616832, 11333009024, 11341395584,
    
    25311349782656, 11358172288, 11366560384, 11374950016, 11383339648,
    
    25411391721856, 11400117376, 11408504192, 11416893568, 11425283456,
    
    25511433671552, 11442061184, 11450444672, 11458837888, 11467226752,
    
    25611475611776, 11484003968, 11492392064, 11500780672, 11509169024,
    
    25711517550976, 11525944448, 11534335616, 11542724224, 11551111808,
    
    25811559500672, 11567890304, 11576277376, 11584667008, 11593056128,
    
    25911601443456, 11609830016, 11618221952, 11626607488, 11634995072,
    
    26011643387776, 11651775104, 11660161664, 11668552576, 11676940928,
    
    26111685330304, 11693718656, 11702106496, 11710496128, 11718882688,
    
    26211727273088, 11735660416, 11744050048, 11752437376, 11760824704,
    
    26311769216128, 11777604736, 11785991296, 11794381952, 11802770048,
    
    26411811157888, 11819548544, 11827932544, 11836324736, 11844713344,
    
    26511853100928, 11861486464, 11869879936, 11878268032, 11886656896,
    
    26611895044992, 11903433088, 11911822976, 11920210816, 11928600448,
    
    26711936987264, 11945375872, 11953761152, 11962151296, 11970543488,
    
    26811978928512, 11987320448, 11995708288, 12004095104, 12012486272,
    
    26912020875136, 12029255552, 12037652096, 12046039168, 12054429568,
    
    27012062813824, 12071206528, 12079594624, 12087983744, 12096371072,
    
    27112104759936, 12113147264, 12121534592, 12129924992, 12138314624,
    
    27212146703232, 12155091584, 12163481216, 12171864704, 12180255872,
    
    27312188643968, 12197034112, 12205424512, 12213811328, 12222199424,
    
    27412230590336, 12238977664, 12247365248, 12255755392, 12264143488,
    
    27512272531584, 12280920448, 12289309568, 12297694592, 12306086528,
    
    27612314475392, 12322865024, 12331253632, 12339640448, 12348029312,
    
    27712356418944, 12364805248, 12373196672, 12381580928, 12389969024,
    
    27812398357632, 12406750592, 12415138432, 12423527552, 12431916416,
    
    27912440304512, 12448692352, 12457081216, 12465467776, 12473859968,
    
    28012482245504, 12490636672, 12499025536, 12507411584, 12515801728,
    
    28112524190592, 12532577152, 12540966272, 12549354368, 12557743232,
    
    28212566129536, 12574523264, 12582911872, 12591299456, 12599688064,
    
    28312608074624, 12616463488, 12624845696, 12633239936, 12641631616,
    
    28412650019968, 12658407296, 12666795136, 12675183232, 12683574656,
    
    28512691960192, 12700350592, 12708740224, 12717128576, 12725515904,
    
    28612733906816, 12742295168, 12750680192, 12759071872, 12767460736,
    
    28712775848832, 12784236928, 12792626816, 12801014656, 12809404288,
    
    28812817789312, 12826181504, 12834568832, 12842954624, 12851345792,
    
    28912859732352, 12868122496, 12876512128, 12884901248, 12893289088,
    
    29012901672832, 12910067584, 12918455168, 12926842496, 12935232896,
    
    29112943620736, 12952009856, 12960396928, 12968786816, 12977176192,
    
    29212985563776, 12993951104, 13002341504, 13010730368, 13019115392,
    
    29313027506304, 13035895168, 13044272512, 13052673152, 13061062528,
    
    29413069446272, 13077838976, 13086227072, 13094613632, 13103000192,
    
    29513111393664, 13119782528, 13128157568, 13136559232, 13144945024,
    
    29613153329536, 13161724288, 13170111872, 13178502784, 13186884736,
    
    29713195279744, 13203667072, 13212057472, 13220445824, 13228832128,
    
    29813237221248, 13245610624, 13254000512, 13262388352, 13270777472,
    
    29913279166336, 13287553408, 13295943296, 13304331904, 13312719488,
    
    30013321108096, 13329494656, 13337885824, 13346274944, 13354663808,
    
    30113363051136, 13371439232, 13379825024, 13388210816, 13396605056,
    
    30213404995456, 13413380224, 13421771392, 13430159744, 13438546048,
    
    30313446937216, 13455326848, 13463708288, 13472103808, 13480492672,
    
    30413488875648, 13497269888, 13505657728, 13514045312, 13522435712,
    
    30513530824576, 13539210112, 13547599232, 13555989376, 13564379008,
    
    30613572766336, 13581154432, 13589544832, 13597932928, 13606320512,
    
    30713614710656, 13623097472, 13631477632, 13639874944, 13648264064,
    
    30813656652928, 13665041792, 13673430656, 13681818496, 13690207616,
    
    30913698595712, 13706982272, 13715373184, 13723762048, 13732150144,
    
    31013740536704, 13748926592, 13757316224, 13765700992, 13774090112,
    
    31113782477952, 13790869376, 13799259008, 13807647872, 13816036736,
    
    31213824425344, 13832814208, 13841202304, 13849591424, 13857978752,
    
    31313866368896, 13874754688, 13883145344, 13891533184, 13899919232,
    
    31413908311168, 13916692096, 13925085056, 13933473152, 13941866368,
    
    31513950253696, 13958643584, 13967032192, 13975417216, 13983807616,
    
    31613992197504, 14000582272, 14008973696, 14017363072, 14025752192,
    
    31714034137984, 14042528384, 14050918016, 14059301504, 14067691648,
    
    31814076083584, 14084470144, 14092852352, 14101249664, 14109635968,
    
    31914118024832, 14126407552, 14134804352, 14143188608, 14151577984,
    
    32014159968384, 14168357248, 14176741504, 14185127296, 14193521024,
    
    32114201911424, 14210301824, 14218685056, 14227067264, 14235467392,
    
    32214243855488, 14252243072, 14260630144, 14269021568, 14277409408,
    
    32314285799296, 14294187904, 14302571392, 14310961792, 14319353728,
    
    32414327738752, 14336130944, 14344518784, 14352906368, 14361296512,
    
    32514369685376, 14378071424, 14386462592, 14394848128, 14403230848,
    
    32614411627392, 14420013952, 14428402304, 14436793472, 14445181568,
    
    32714453569664, 14461959808, 14470347904, 14478737024, 14487122816,
    
    32814495511424, 14503901824, 14512291712, 14520677504, 14529064832,
    
    32914537456768, 14545845632, 14554234496, 14562618496, 14571011456,
    
    33014579398784, 14587789184, 14596172672, 14604564608, 14612953984,
    
    33114621341312, 14629724288, 14638120832, 14646503296, 14654897536,
    
    33214663284864, 14671675264, 14680061056, 14688447616, 14696835968,
    
    33314705228416, 14713616768, 14722003328, 14730392192, 14738784128,
    
    33414747172736, 14755561088, 14763947648, 14772336512, 14780725376,
    
    33514789110144, 14797499776, 14805892736, 14814276992, 14822670208,
    
    33614831056256, 14839444352, 14847836032, 14856222848, 14864612992,
    
    33714872997504, 14881388672, 14889775744, 14898165376, 14906553472,
    
    33814914944896, 14923329664, 14931721856, 14940109696, 14948497024,
    
    33914956887424, 14965276544, 14973663616, 14982053248, 14990439808,
    
    34014998830976, 15007216768, 15015605888, 15023995264, 15032385152,
    
    34115040768384, 15049154944, 15057549184, 15065939072, 15074328448,
    
    34215082715008, 15091104128, 15099493504, 15107879296, 15116269184,
    
    34315124659584, 15133042304, 15141431936, 15149824384, 15158214272,
    
    34415166602368, 15174991232, 15183378304, 15191760512, 15200154496,
    
    34515208542592, 15216931712, 15225323392, 15233708416, 15242098048,
    
    34615250489216, 15258875264, 15267265408, 15275654528, 15284043136,
    
    34715292431488, 15300819584, 15309208192, 15317596544, 15325986176,
    
    34815334374784, 15342763648, 15351151744, 15359540608, 15367929728,
    
    34915376318336, 15384706432, 15393092992, 15401481856, 15409869952,
    
    35015418258816, 15426649984, 15435037568, 15443425664, 15451815296,
    
    35115460203392, 15468589184, 15476979328, 15485369216, 15493755776,
    
    35215502146944, 15510534272, 15518924416, 15527311232, 15535699072,
    
    35315544089472, 15552478336, 15560866688, 15569254528, 15577642624,
    
    35415586031488, 15594419072, 15602809472, 15611199104, 15619586432,
    
    35515627975296, 15636364928, 15644753792, 15653141888, 15661529216,
    
    35615669918848, 15678305152, 15686696576, 15695083136, 15703474048,
    
    35715711861632, 15720251264, 15728636288, 15737027456, 15745417088,
    
    35815753804928, 15762194048, 15770582656, 15778971008, 15787358336,
    
    35915795747712, 15804132224, 15812523392, 15820909696, 15829300096,
    
    36015837691264, 15846071936, 15854466944, 15862855808, 15871244672,
    
    36115879634816, 15888020608, 15896409728, 15904799104, 15913185152,
    
    36215921577088, 15929966464, 15938354816, 15946743424, 15955129472,
    
    36315963519872, 15971907968, 15980296064, 15988684928, 15997073024,
    
    36416005460864, 16013851264, 16022241152, 16030629248, 16039012736,
    
    36516047406976, 16055794816, 16064181376, 16072571264, 16080957824,
    
    36616089346688, 16097737856, 16106125184, 16114514816, 16122904192,
    
    36716131292544, 16139678848, 16148066944, 16156453504, 16164839552,
    
    36816173236096, 16181623424, 16190012032, 16198401152, 16206790528,
    
    36916215177344, 16223567744, 16231956352, 16240344704, 16248731008,
    
    37016257117824, 16265504384, 16273898624, 16282281856, 16290668672,
    
    37116299064192, 16307449216, 16315842176, 16324230016, 16332613504,
    
    37216341006464, 16349394304, 16357783168, 16366172288, 16374561664,
    
    37316382951296, 16391337856, 16399726208, 16408116352, 16416505472,
    
    37416424892032, 16433282176, 16441668224, 16450058624, 16458448768,
    
    37516466836864, 16475224448, 16483613056, 16492001408, 16500391808,
    
    37616508779648, 16517166976, 16525555328, 16533944192, 16542330752,
    
    37716550719616, 16559110528, 16567497088, 16575888512, 16584274816,
    
    37816592665472, 16601051008, 16609442944, 16617832064, 16626218624,
    
    37916634607488, 16642996096, 16651385728, 16659773824, 16668163712,
    
    38016676552576, 16684938112, 16693328768, 16701718144, 16710095488,
    
    38116718492288, 16726883968, 16735272832, 16743661184, 16752049792,
    
    38216760436608, 16768827008, 16777214336, 16785599104, 16793992832,
    
    38316802381696, 16810768768, 16819151744, 16827542656, 16835934848,
    
    38416844323712, 16852711552, 16861101952, 16869489536, 16877876864,
    
    38516886265728, 16894653056, 16903044736, 16911431296, 16919821696,
    
    38616928207488, 16936592768, 16944987776, 16953375616, 16961763968,
    
    38716970152832, 16978540928, 16986929536, 16995319168, 17003704448,
    
    38817012096896, 17020481152, 17028870784, 17037262208, 17045649536,
    
    38917054039936, 17062426496, 17070814336, 17079205504, 17087592064,
    
    39017095978112, 17104369024, 17112759424, 17121147776, 17129536384,
    
    39117137926016, 17146314368, 17154700928, 17163089792, 17171480192,
    
    39217179864192, 17188256896, 17196644992, 17205033856, 17213423488,
    
    39317221811072, 17230198912, 17238588032, 17246976896, 17255360384,
    
    39417263754624, 17272143232, 17280530048, 17288918912, 17297309312,
    
    39517305696384, 17314085504, 17322475136, 17330863744, 17339252096,
    
    39617347640192, 17356026496, 17364413824, 17372796544, 17381190016,
    
    39717389583488, 17397972608, 17406360704, 17414748544, 17423135872,
    
    39817431527296, 17439915904, 17448303232, 17456691584, 17465081728,
    
    39917473468288, 17481857408, 17490247552, 17498635904, 17507022464,
    
    40017515409024, 17523801728, 17532189824, 17540577664, 17548966016,
    
    40117557353344, 17565741184, 17574131584, 17582519168, 17590907008,
    
    40217599296128, 17607687808, 17616076672, 17624455808, 17632852352,
    
    40317641238656, 17649630848, 17658018944, 17666403968, 17674794112,
    
    40417683178368, 17691573376, 17699962496, 17708350592, 17716739968,
    
    40517725126528, 17733517184, 17741898112, 17750293888, 17758673024,
    
    40617767070336, 17775458432, 17783848832, 17792236928, 17800625536,
    
    40717809012352, 17817402752, 17825785984, 17834178944, 17842563968,
    
    40817850955648, 17859344512, 17867732864, 17876119424, 17884511872,
    
    40917892900224, 17901287296, 17909677696, 17918058112, 17926451072,
    
    41017934843776, 17943230848, 17951609216, 17960008576, 17968397696,
    
    41117976784256, 17985175424, 17993564032, 18001952128, 18010339712,
    
    41218018728576, 18027116672, 18035503232, 18043894144, 18052283264,
    
    41318060672128, 18069056384, 18077449856, 18085837184, 18094225792,
    
    41418102613376, 18111004544, 18119388544, 18127781248, 18136170368,
    
    41518144558976, 18152947328, 18161336192, 18169724288, 18178108544,
    
    41618186498944, 18194886784, 18203275648, 18211666048, 18220048768,
    
    41718228444544, 18236833408, 18245220736]
    
    418
    
    419cache_sizes = [
    
    42016776896, 16907456, 17039296, 17170112, 17301056, 17432512, 17563072,
    
    42117693888, 17824192, 17955904, 18087488, 18218176, 18349504, 18481088,
    
    42218611392, 18742336, 18874304, 19004224, 19135936, 19267264, 19398208,
    
    42319529408, 19660096, 19791424, 19922752, 20053952, 20184896, 20315968,
    
    42420446912, 20576576, 20709184, 20840384, 20971072, 21102272, 21233216,
    
    42521364544, 21494848, 21626816, 21757376, 21887552, 22019392, 22151104,
    
    42622281536, 22412224, 22543936, 22675264, 22806464, 22935872, 23068096,
    
    42723198272, 23330752, 23459008, 23592512, 23723968, 23854912, 23986112,
    
    42824116672, 24247616, 24378688, 24509504, 24640832, 24772544, 24903488,
    
    42925034432, 25165376, 25296704, 25427392, 25558592, 25690048, 25820096,
    
    43025951936, 26081728, 26214208, 26345024, 26476096, 26606656, 26737472,
    
    43126869184, 26998208, 27131584, 27262528, 27393728, 27523904, 27655744,
    
    43227786688, 27917888, 28049344, 28179904, 28311488, 28441792, 28573504,
    
    43328700864, 28835648, 28966208, 29096768, 29228608, 29359808, 29490752,
    
    43429621824, 29752256, 29882816, 30014912, 30144448, 30273728, 30406976,
    
    43530538432, 30670784, 30799936, 30932672, 31063744, 31195072, 31325248,
    
    43631456192, 31588288, 31719232, 31850432, 31981504, 32110784, 32243392,
    
    43732372672, 32505664, 32636608, 32767808, 32897344, 33029824, 33160768,
    
    43833289664, 33423296, 33554368, 33683648, 33816512, 33947456, 34076992,
    
    43934208704, 34340032, 34471744, 34600256, 34734016, 34864576, 34993984,
    
    44035127104, 35258176, 35386688, 35518528, 35650624, 35782336, 35910976,
    
    44136044608, 36175808, 36305728, 36436672, 36568384, 36699968, 36830656,
    
    44236961984, 37093312, 37223488, 37355072, 37486528, 37617472, 37747904,
    
    44337879232, 38009792, 38141888, 38272448, 38403392, 38535104, 38660672,
    
    44438795584, 38925632, 39059264, 39190336, 39320768, 39452096, 39581632,
    
    44539713984, 39844928, 39974848, 40107968, 40238144, 40367168, 40500032,
    
    44640631744, 40762816, 40894144, 41023552, 41155904, 41286208, 41418304,
    
    44741547712, 41680448, 41811904, 41942848, 42073792, 42204992, 42334912,
    
    44842467008, 42597824, 42729152, 42860096, 42991552, 43122368, 43253696,
    
    44943382848, 43515712, 43646912, 43777088, 43907648, 44039104, 44170432,
    
    45044302144, 44433344, 44564288, 44694976, 44825152, 44956864, 45088448,
    
    45145219008, 45350464, 45481024, 45612608, 45744064, 45874496, 46006208,
    
    45246136768, 46267712, 46399424, 46529344, 46660672, 46791488, 46923328,
    
    45347053504, 47185856, 47316928, 47447872, 47579072, 47710144, 47839936,
    
    45447971648, 48103232, 48234176, 48365248, 48496192, 48627136, 48757312,
    
    45548889664, 49020736, 49149248, 49283008, 49413824, 49545152, 49675712,
    
    45649807168, 49938368, 50069056, 50200256, 50331584, 50462656, 50593472,
    
    45750724032, 50853952, 50986048, 51117632, 51248576, 51379904, 51510848,
    
    45851641792, 51773248, 51903296, 52035136, 52164032, 52297664, 52427968,
    
    45952557376, 52690112, 52821952, 52952896, 53081536, 53213504, 53344576,
    
    46053475776, 53608384, 53738816, 53870528, 54000832, 54131776, 54263744,
    
    46154394688, 54525248, 54655936, 54787904, 54918592, 55049152, 55181248,
    
    46255312064, 55442752, 55574336, 55705024, 55836224, 55967168, 56097856,
    
    46356228672, 56358592, 56490176, 56621888, 56753728, 56884928, 57015488,
    
    46457146816, 57278272, 57409216, 57540416, 57671104, 57802432, 57933632,
    
    46558064576, 58195264, 58326976, 58457408, 58588864, 58720192, 58849984,
    
    46658981696, 59113024, 59243456, 59375552, 59506624, 59637568, 59768512,
    
    46759897792, 60030016, 60161984, 60293056, 60423872, 60554432, 60683968,
    
    46860817216, 60948032, 61079488, 61209664, 61341376, 61471936, 61602752,
    
    46961733696, 61865792, 61996736, 62127808, 62259136, 62389568, 62520512,
    
    47062651584, 62781632, 62910784, 63045056, 63176128, 63307072, 63438656,
    
    47163569216, 63700928, 63831616, 63960896, 64093888, 64225088, 64355392,
    
    47264486976, 64617664, 64748608, 64879424, 65009216, 65142464, 65273792,
    
    47365402816, 65535424, 65666752, 65797696, 65927744, 66060224, 66191296,
    
    47466321344, 66453056, 66584384, 66715328, 66846656, 66977728, 67108672,
    
    47567239104, 67370432, 67501888, 67631296, 67763776, 67895104, 68026304,
    
    47668157248, 68287936, 68419264, 68548288, 68681408, 68811968, 68942912,
    
    47769074624, 69205568, 69337024, 69467584, 69599168, 69729472, 69861184,
    
    47869989824, 70122944, 70253888, 70385344, 70515904, 70647232, 70778816,
    
    47970907968, 71040832, 71171648, 71303104, 71432512, 71564992, 71695168,
    
    48071826368, 71958464, 72089536, 72219712, 72350144, 72482624, 72613568,
    
    48172744512, 72875584, 73006144, 73138112, 73268672, 73400128, 73530944,
    
    48273662272, 73793344, 73924544, 74055104, 74185792, 74316992, 74448832,
    
    48374579392, 74710976, 74841664, 74972864, 75102784, 75233344, 75364544,
    
    48475497024, 75627584, 75759296, 75890624, 76021696, 76152256, 76283072,
    
    48576414144, 76545856, 76676672, 76806976, 76937792, 77070016, 77200832,
    
    48677331392, 77462464, 77593664, 77725376, 77856448, 77987776, 78118336,
    
    48778249664, 78380992, 78511424, 78642496, 78773056, 78905152, 79033664,
    
    48879166656, 79297472, 79429568, 79560512, 79690816, 79822784, 79953472,
    
    48980084672, 80214208, 80346944, 80477632, 80608576, 80740288, 80870848,
    
    49081002048, 81133504, 81264448, 81395648, 81525952, 81657536, 81786304,
    
    49181919808, 82050112, 82181312, 82311616, 82443968, 82573376, 82705984,
    
    49282835776, 82967744, 83096768, 83230528, 83359552, 83491264, 83622464,
    
    49383753536, 83886016, 84015296, 84147776, 84277184, 84409792, 84540608,
    
    49484672064, 84803008, 84934336, 85065152, 85193792, 85326784, 85458496,
    
    49585589312, 85721024, 85851968, 85982656, 86112448, 86244416, 86370112,
    
    49686506688, 86637632, 86769344, 86900672, 87031744, 87162304, 87293632,
    
    49787424576, 87555392, 87687104, 87816896, 87947968, 88079168, 88211264,
    
    49888341824, 88473152, 88603712, 88735424, 88862912, 88996672, 89128384,
    
    49989259712, 89390272, 89521984, 89652544, 89783872, 89914816, 90045376,
    
    50090177088, 90307904, 90438848, 90569152, 90700096, 90832832, 90963776,
    
    50191093696, 91223744, 91356992, 91486784, 91618496, 91749824, 91880384,
    
    50292012224, 92143552, 92273344, 92405696, 92536768, 92666432, 92798912,
    
    50392926016, 93060544, 93192128, 93322816, 93453632, 93583936, 93715136,
    
    50493845056, 93977792, 94109504, 94240448, 94371776, 94501184, 94632896,
    
    50594764224, 94895552, 95023424, 95158208, 95287744, 95420224, 95550016,
    
    50695681216, 95811904, 95943872, 96075328, 96203584, 96337856, 96468544,
    
    50796599744, 96731072, 96860992, 96992576, 97124288, 97254848, 97385536,
    
    50897517248, 97647808, 97779392, 97910464, 98041408, 98172608, 98303168,
    
    50998434496, 98565568, 98696768, 98827328, 98958784, 99089728, 99220928,
    
    51099352384, 99482816, 99614272, 99745472, 99876416, 100007104,
    
    511100138048, 100267072, 100401088, 100529984, 100662592, 100791872,
    
    512100925248, 101056064, 101187392, 101317952, 101449408, 101580608,
    
    513101711296, 101841728, 101973824, 102104896, 102235712, 102366016,
    
    514102498112, 102628672, 102760384, 102890432, 103021888, 103153472,
    
    515103284032, 103415744, 103545152, 103677248, 103808576, 103939648,
    
    516104070976, 104201792, 104332736, 104462528, 104594752, 104725952,
    
    517104854592, 104988608, 105118912, 105247808, 105381184, 105511232,
    
    518105643072, 105774784, 105903296, 106037056, 106167872, 106298944,
    
    519106429504, 106561472, 106691392, 106822592, 106954304, 107085376,
    
    520107216576, 107346368, 107478464, 107609792, 107739712, 107872192,
    
    521108003136, 108131392, 108265408, 108396224, 108527168, 108657344,
    
    522108789568, 108920384, 109049792, 109182272, 109312576, 109444928,
    
    523109572928, 109706944, 109837888, 109969088, 110099648, 110230976,
    
    524110362432, 110492992, 110624704, 110755264, 110886208, 111017408,
    
    525111148864, 111279296, 111410752, 111541952, 111673024, 111803456,
    
    526111933632, 112066496, 112196416, 112328512, 112457792, 112590784,
    
    527112715968, 112852672, 112983616, 113114944, 113244224, 113376448,
    
    528113505472, 113639104, 113770304, 113901376, 114031552, 114163264,
    
    529114294592, 114425536, 114556864, 114687424, 114818624, 114948544,
    
    530115080512, 115212224, 115343296, 115473472, 115605184, 115736128,
    
    531115867072, 115997248, 116128576, 116260288, 116391488, 116522944,
    
    532116652992, 116784704, 116915648, 117046208, 117178304, 117308608,
    
    533117440192, 117569728, 117701824, 117833024, 117964096, 118094656,
    
    534118225984, 118357312, 118489024, 118617536, 118749632, 118882112,
    
    535119012416, 119144384, 119275328, 119406016, 119537344, 119668672,
    
    536119798464, 119928896, 120061376, 120192832, 120321728, 120454336,
    
    537120584512, 120716608, 120848192, 120979136, 121109056, 121241408,
    
    538121372352, 121502912, 121634752, 121764416, 121895744, 122027072,
    
    539122157632, 122289088, 122421184, 122550592, 122682944, 122813888,
    
    540122945344, 123075776, 123207488, 123338048, 123468736, 123600704,
    
    541123731264, 123861952, 123993664, 124124608, 124256192, 124386368,
    
    542124518208, 124649024, 124778048, 124911296, 125041088, 125173696,
    
    543125303744, 125432896, 125566912, 125696576, 125829056, 125958592,
    
    544126090304, 126221248, 126352832, 126483776, 126615232, 126746432,
    
    545126876608, 127008704, 127139392, 127270336, 127401152, 127532224,
    
    546127663552, 127794752, 127925696, 128055232, 128188096, 128319424,
    
    547128449856, 128581312, 128712256, 128843584, 128973632, 129103808,
    
    548129236288, 129365696, 129498944, 129629888, 129760832, 129892288,
    
    549130023104, 130154048, 130283968, 130416448, 130547008, 130678336,
    
    550130807616, 130939456, 131071552, 131202112, 131331776, 131464384,
    
    551131594048, 131727296, 131858368, 131987392, 132120256, 132250816,
    
    552132382528, 132513728, 132644672, 132774976, 132905792, 133038016,
    
    553133168832, 133299392, 133429312, 133562048, 133692992, 133823296,
    
    554133954624, 134086336, 134217152, 134348608, 134479808, 134607296,
    
    555134741056, 134872384, 135002944, 135134144, 135265472, 135396544,
    
    556135527872, 135659072, 135787712, 135921472, 136052416, 136182848,
    
    557136313792, 136444864, 136576448, 136707904, 136837952, 136970048,
    
    558137099584, 137232064, 137363392, 137494208, 137625536, 137755712,
    
    559137887424, 138018368, 138149824, 138280256, 138411584, 138539584,
    
    560138672832, 138804928, 138936128, 139066688, 139196864, 139328704,
    
    561139460032, 139590208, 139721024, 139852864, 139984576, 140115776,
    
    562140245696, 140376512, 140508352, 140640064, 140769856, 140902336,
    
    563141032768, 141162688, 141294016, 141426496, 141556544, 141687488,
    
    564141819584, 141949888, 142080448, 142212544, 142342336, 142474432,
    
    565142606144, 142736192, 142868288, 142997824, 143129408, 143258944,
    
    566143392448, 143523136, 143653696, 143785024, 143916992, 144045632,
    
    567144177856, 144309184, 144440768, 144570688, 144701888, 144832448,
    
    568144965056, 145096384, 145227584, 145358656, 145489856, 145620928,
    
    569145751488, 145883072, 146011456, 146144704, 146275264, 146407232,
    
    570146538176, 146668736, 146800448, 146931392, 147062336, 147193664,
    
    571147324224, 147455936, 147586624, 147717056, 147848768, 147979456,
    
    572148110784, 148242368, 148373312, 148503232, 148635584, 148766144,
    
    573148897088, 149028416, 149159488, 149290688, 149420224, 149551552,
    
    574149683136, 149814976, 149943616, 150076352, 150208064, 150338624,
    
    575150470464, 150600256, 150732224, 150862784, 150993088, 151125952,
    
    576151254976, 151388096, 151519168, 151649728, 151778752, 151911104,
    
    577152042944, 152174144, 152304704, 152435648, 152567488, 152698816,
    
    578152828992, 152960576, 153091648, 153222976, 153353792, 153484096,
    
    579153616192, 153747008, 153878336, 154008256, 154139968, 154270912,
    
    580154402624, 154533824, 154663616, 154795712, 154926272, 155057984,
    
    581155188928, 155319872, 155450816, 155580608, 155712064, 155843392,
    
    582155971136, 156106688, 156237376, 156367424, 156499264, 156630976,
    
    583156761536, 156892352, 157024064, 157155008, 157284416, 157415872,
    
    584157545536, 157677248, 157810496, 157938112, 158071744, 158203328,
    
    585158334656, 158464832, 158596288, 158727616, 158858048, 158988992,
    
    586159121216, 159252416, 159381568, 159513152, 159645632, 159776192,
    
    587159906496, 160038464, 160169536, 160300352, 160430656, 160563008,
    
    588160693952, 160822208, 160956352, 161086784, 161217344, 161349184,
    
    589161480512, 161611456, 161742272, 161873216, 162002752, 162135872,
    
    590162266432, 162397888, 162529216, 162660032, 162790976, 162922048,
    
    591163052096, 163184576, 163314752, 163446592, 163577408, 163707968,
    
    592163839296, 163969984, 164100928, 164233024, 164364224, 164494912,
    
    593164625856, 164756672, 164887616, 165019072, 165150016, 165280064,
    
    594165412672, 165543104, 165674944, 165805888, 165936832, 166067648,
    
    595166198336, 166330048, 166461248, 166591552, 166722496, 166854208,
    
    596166985408, 167116736, 167246656, 167378368, 167508416, 167641024,
    
    597167771584, 167903168, 168034112, 168164032, 168295744, 168427456,
    
    598168557632, 168688448, 168819136, 168951616, 169082176, 169213504,
    
    599169344832, 169475648, 169605952, 169738048, 169866304, 169999552,
    
    600170131264, 170262464, 170393536, 170524352, 170655424, 170782016,
    
    601170917696, 171048896, 171179072, 171310784, 171439936, 171573184,
    
    602171702976, 171835072, 171966272, 172097216, 172228288, 172359232,
    
    603172489664, 172621376, 172747712, 172883264, 173014208, 173144512,
    
    604173275072, 173407424, 173539136, 173669696, 173800768, 173931712,
    
    605174063424, 174193472, 174325696, 174455744, 174586816, 174718912,
    
    606174849728, 174977728, 175109696, 175242688, 175374272, 175504832,
    
    607175636288, 175765696, 175898432, 176028992, 176159936, 176291264,
    
    608176422592, 176552512, 176684864, 176815424, 176946496, 177076544,
    
    609177209152, 177340096, 177470528, 177600704, 177731648, 177864256,
    
    610177994816, 178126528, 178257472, 178387648, 178518464, 178650176,
    
    611178781888, 178912064, 179044288, 179174848, 179305024, 179436736,
    
    612179568448, 179698496, 179830208, 179960512, 180092608, 180223808,
    
    613180354752, 180485696, 180617152, 180748096, 180877504, 181009984,
    
    614181139264, 181272512, 181402688, 181532608, 181663168, 181795136,
    
    615181926592, 182057536, 182190016, 182320192, 182451904, 182582336,
    
    616182713792, 182843072, 182976064, 183107264, 183237056, 183368384,
    
    617183494848, 183631424, 183762752, 183893824, 184024768, 184154816,
    
    618184286656, 184417984, 184548928, 184680128, 184810816, 184941248,
    
    619185072704, 185203904, 185335616, 185465408, 185596352, 185727296,
    
    620185859904, 185989696, 186121664, 186252992, 186383552, 186514112,
    
    621186645952, 186777152, 186907328, 187037504, 187170112, 187301824,
    
    622187429184, 187562048, 187693504, 187825472, 187957184, 188087104,
    
    623188218304, 188349376, 188481344, 188609728, 188743616, 188874304,
    
    624189005248, 189136448, 189265088, 189396544, 189528128, 189660992,
    
    625189791936, 189923264, 190054208, 190182848, 190315072, 190447424,
    
    626190577984, 190709312, 190840768, 190971328, 191102656, 191233472,
    
    627191364032, 191495872, 191626816, 191758016, 191888192, 192020288,
    
    628192148928, 192282176, 192413504, 192542528, 192674752, 192805952,
    
    629192937792, 193068608, 193198912, 193330496, 193462208, 193592384,
    
    630193723456, 193854272, 193985984, 194116672, 194247232, 194379712,
    
    631194508352, 194641856, 194772544, 194900672, 195035072, 195166016,
    
    632195296704, 195428032, 195558592, 195690304, 195818176, 195952576,
    
    633196083392, 196214336, 196345792, 196476736, 196607552, 196739008,
    
    634196869952, 197000768, 197130688, 197262784, 197394368, 197523904,
    
    635197656384, 197787584, 197916608, 198049472, 198180544, 198310208,
    
    636198442432, 198573632, 198705088, 198834368, 198967232, 199097792,
    
    637199228352, 199360192, 199491392, 199621696, 199751744, 199883968,
    
    638200014016, 200146624, 200276672, 200408128, 200540096, 200671168,
    
    639200801984, 200933312, 201062464, 201194944, 201326144, 201457472,
    
    640201588544, 201719744, 201850816, 201981632, 202111552, 202244032,
    
    641202374464, 202505152, 202636352, 202767808, 202898368, 203030336,
    
    642203159872, 203292608, 203423296, 203553472, 203685824, 203816896,
    
    643203947712, 204078272, 204208192, 204341056, 204472256, 204603328,
    
    644204733888, 204864448, 204996544, 205125568, 205258304, 205388864,
    
    645205517632, 205650112, 205782208, 205913536, 206044736, 206176192,
    
    646206307008, 206434496, 206569024, 206700224, 206831168, 206961856,
    
    647207093056, 207223616, 207355328, 207486784, 207616832, 207749056,
    
    648207879104, 208010048, 208141888, 208273216, 208404032, 208534336,
    
    649208666048, 208796864, 208927424, 209059264, 209189824, 209321792,
    
    650209451584, 209582656, 209715136, 209845568, 209976896, 210106432,
    
    651210239296, 210370112, 210501568, 210630976, 210763712, 210894272,
    
    652211024832, 211156672, 211287616, 211418176, 211549376, 211679296,
    
    653211812032, 211942592, 212074432, 212204864, 212334016, 212467648,
    
    654212597824, 212727616, 212860352, 212991424, 213120832, 213253952,
    
    655213385024, 213515584, 213645632, 213777728, 213909184, 214040128,
    
    656214170688, 214302656, 214433728, 214564544, 214695232, 214826048,
    
    657214956992, 215089088, 215219776, 215350592, 215482304, 215613248,
    
    658215743552, 215874752, 216005312, 216137024, 216267328, 216399296,
    
    659216530752, 216661696, 216790592, 216923968, 217054528, 217183168,
    
    660217316672, 217448128, 217579072, 217709504, 217838912, 217972672,
    
    661218102848, 218233024, 218364736, 218496832, 218627776, 218759104,
    
    662218888896, 219021248, 219151936, 219281728, 219413056, 219545024,
    
    663219675968, 219807296, 219938624, 220069312, 220200128, 220331456,
    
    664220461632, 220592704, 220725184, 220855744, 220987072, 221117888,
    
    665221249216, 221378368, 221510336, 221642048, 221772736, 221904832,
    
    666222031808, 222166976, 222297536, 222428992, 222559936, 222690368,
    
    667222820672, 222953152, 223083968, 223213376, 223345984, 223476928,
    
    668223608512, 223738688, 223869376, 224001472, 224132672, 224262848,
    
    669224394944, 224524864, 224657344, 224788288, 224919488, 225050432,
    
    670225181504, 225312704, 225443776, 225574592, 225704768, 225834176,
    
    671225966784, 226097216, 226229824, 226360384, 226491712, 226623424,
    
    672226754368, 226885312, 227015104, 227147456, 227278528, 227409472,
    
    673227539904, 227669696, 227802944, 227932352, 228065216, 228196288,
    
    674228326464, 228457792, 228588736, 228720064, 228850112, 228981056,
    
    675229113152, 229243328, 229375936, 229505344, 229636928, 229769152,
    
    676229894976, 230030272, 230162368, 230292416, 230424512, 230553152,
    
    677230684864, 230816704, 230948416, 231079616, 231210944, 231342016,
    
    678231472448, 231603776, 231733952, 231866176, 231996736, 232127296,
    
    679232259392, 232388672, 232521664, 232652608, 232782272, 232914496,
    
    680233043904, 233175616, 233306816, 233438528, 233569984, 233699776,
    
    681233830592, 233962688, 234092224, 234221888, 234353984, 234485312,
    
    682234618304, 234749888, 234880832, 235011776, 235142464, 235274048,
    
    683235403456, 235535936, 235667392, 235797568, 235928768, 236057152,
    
    684236190272, 236322752, 236453312, 236583616, 236715712, 236846528,
    
    685236976448, 237108544, 237239104, 237371072, 237501632, 237630784,
    
    686237764416, 237895232, 238026688, 238157632, 238286912, 238419392,
    
    687238548032, 238681024, 238812608, 238941632, 239075008, 239206336,
    
    688239335232, 239466944, 239599168, 239730496, 239861312, 239992384,
    
    689240122816, 240254656, 240385856, 240516928, 240647872, 240779072,
    
    690240909632, 241040704, 241171904, 241302848, 241433408, 241565248,
    
    691241696192, 241825984, 241958848, 242088256, 242220224, 242352064,
    
    692242481856, 242611648, 242744896, 242876224, 243005632, 243138496,
    
    693243268672, 243400384, 243531712, 243662656, 243793856, 243924544,
    
    694244054592, 244187072, 244316608, 244448704, 244580032, 244710976,
    
    695244841536, 244972864, 245104448, 245233984, 245365312, 245497792,
    
    696245628736, 245759936, 245889856, 246021056, 246152512, 246284224,
    
    697246415168, 246545344, 246675904, 246808384, 246939584, 247070144,
    
    698247199552, 247331648, 247463872, 247593536, 247726016, 247857088,
    
    699247987648, 248116928, 248249536, 248380736, 248512064, 248643008,
    
    700248773312, 248901056, 249036608, 249167552, 249298624, 249429184,
    
    701249560512, 249692096, 249822784, 249954112, 250085312, 250215488,
    
    702250345792, 250478528, 250608704, 250739264, 250870976, 251002816,
    
    703251133632, 251263552, 251395136, 251523904, 251657792, 251789248,
    
    704251919424, 252051392, 252182464, 252313408, 252444224, 252575552,
    
    705252706624, 252836032, 252968512, 253099712, 253227584, 253361728,
    
    706253493056, 253623488, 253754432, 253885504, 254017216, 254148032,
    
    707254279488, 254410432, 254541376, 254672576, 254803264, 254933824,
    
    708255065792, 255196736, 255326528, 255458752, 255589952, 255721408,
    
    709255851072, 255983296, 256114624, 256244416, 256374208, 256507712,
    
    710256636096, 256768832, 256900544, 257031616, 257162176, 257294272,
    
    711257424448, 257555776, 257686976, 257818432, 257949632, 258079552,
    
    712258211136, 258342464, 258473408, 258603712, 258734656, 258867008,
    
    713258996544, 259127744, 259260224, 259391296, 259522112, 259651904,
    
    714259784384, 259915328, 260045888, 260175424, 260308544, 260438336,
    
    715260570944, 260700992, 260832448, 260963776, 261092672, 261226304,
    
    716261356864, 261487936, 261619648, 261750592, 261879872, 262011968,
    
    717262143424, 262274752, 262404416, 262537024, 262667968, 262799296,
    
    718262928704, 263061184, 263191744, 263322944, 263454656, 263585216,
    
    719263716672, 263847872, 263978944, 264108608, 264241088, 264371648,
    
    720264501184, 264632768, 264764096, 264895936, 265024576, 265158464,
    
    721265287488, 265418432, 265550528, 265681216, 265813312, 265943488,
    
    722266075968, 266206144, 266337728, 266468032, 266600384, 266731072,
    
    723266862272, 266993344, 267124288, 267255616, 267386432, 267516992,
    
    724267648704, 267777728, 267910592, 268040512, 268172096, 268302784,
    
    725268435264, 268566208, 268696256, 268828096, 268959296, 269090368,
    
    726269221312, 269352256, 269482688, 269614784, 269745856, 269876416,
    
    727270007616, 270139328, 270270272, 270401216, 270531904, 270663616,
    
    728270791744, 270924736, 271056832, 271186112, 271317184, 271449536,
    
    729271580992, 271711936, 271843136, 271973056, 272105408, 272236352,
    
    730272367296, 272498368, 272629568, 272759488, 272891456, 273022784,
    
    731273153856, 273284672, 273415616, 273547072, 273677632, 273808448,
    
    732273937088, 274071488, 274200896, 274332992, 274463296, 274595392,
    
    733274726208, 274857536, 274988992, 275118656, 275250496, 275382208,
    
    734275513024, 275643968, 275775296, 275906368, 276037184, 276167872,
    
    735276297664, 276429376, 276560576, 276692672, 276822976, 276955072,
    
    736277085632, 277216832, 277347008, 277478848, 277609664, 277740992,
    
    737277868608, 278002624, 278134336, 278265536, 278395328, 278526784,
    
    738278657728, 278789824, 278921152, 279052096, 279182912, 279313088,
    
    739279443776, 279576256, 279706048, 279838528, 279969728, 280099648,
    
    740280230976, 280361408, 280493632, 280622528, 280755392, 280887104,
    
    741281018176, 281147968, 281278912, 281411392, 281542592, 281673152,
    
    742281803712, 281935552, 282066496, 282197312, 282329024, 282458816,
    
    743282590272, 282720832, 282853184, 282983744, 283115072, 283246144,
    
    744283377344, 283508416, 283639744, 283770304, 283901504, 284032576,
    
    745284163136, 284294848, 284426176, 284556992, 284687296, 284819264,
    
    746284950208, 285081536]
    
    Show all
    
    ![ðŸ“‹](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f4cb.svg) Copy

back-to-top â†‘

### Was this article helpful?

YesNo

![ðŸ‘ˆ](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f448.svg)

Previous

[Dagger-Hashimoto](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-
algorithms/dagger-hashimoto/)

![ðŸ‘‰](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/twemoji/12.0.4/2/svg/1f449.svg)

Next

[Proof-of-stake](/en/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pos/)

  * [Edit page(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-website/tree/dev/public/content/developers/docs/consensus-mechanisms/pow/mining/mining-algorithms/ethash/index.md)
  * On this page

    * How does Ethash work?
    * Definitions
      * The use of 'SHA3'
    * Parameters
    * Cache generation
    * Data aggregation function
    * Full dataset calculation
    * Main loop
    * Mining
    * Defining the seed hash
    * Further reading
    * Appendix
      * Data Sizes

Website last updated: May 22, 2024

[(opens in a new tab)](https://github.com/ethereum/ethereum-org-
website)[(opens in a new tab)](https://twitter.com/ethdotorg)[(opens in a new
tab)](https://discord.gg/ethereum-org)

### Learn

  * [Learn Hub](/en/learn/)
  * [What is Ethereum?](/en/what-is-ethereum/)
  * [What is ether (ETH)?](/en/eth/)
  * [Ethereum wallets](/en/wallets/)
  * [What is Web3?](/en/web3/)
  * [Smart contracts](/en/smart-contracts/)
  * [Gas fees](/en/gas/)
  * [Run a node](/en/run-a-node/)
  * [Ethereum security and scam prevention](/en/security/)
  * [Quiz Hub](/en/quizzes/)
  * [Ethereum glossary](/en/glossary/)

### Use

  * [Guides](/en/guides/)
  * [Choose your wallet](/en/wallets/find-wallet/)
  * [Get ETH](/en/get-eth/)
  * [Dapps - Decentralized applications](/en/dapps/)
  * [Stablecoins](/en/stablecoins/)
  * [NFTs - Non-fungible tokens](/en/nft/)
  * [DeFi - Decentralized finance](/en/defi/)
  * [DAOs - Decentralized autonomous organizations](/en/dao/)
  * [Decentralized identity](/en/decentralized-identity/)
  * [Stake ETH](/en/staking/)
  * [Layer 2](/en/layer-2/)

### Build

  * [Builder's home](/en/developers/)
  * [Tutorials](/en/developers/tutorials/)
  * [Documentation](/en/developers/docs/)
  * [Learn by coding](/en/developers/learning-tools/)
  * [Set up local environment](/en/developers/local-environment/)
  * [Grants](/en/community/grants/)
  * [Foundational topics](/en/developers/docs/intro-to-ethereum/)
  * [UX/UI design fundamentals](/en/developers/docs/design-and-ux/)
  * [Enterprise - Mainnet Ethereum](/en/enterprise/)
  * [Enterprise - Private Ethereum](/en/enterprise/private-ethereum/)

### Participate

  * [Community hub](/en/community/)
  * [Online communities](/en/community/online/)
  * [Ethereum events](/en/community/events/)
  * [Contributing to ethereum.org](/en/contributing/)
  * [Translation Program](/en/contributing/translation-program/)
  * [Ethereum bug bounty program](/en/bug-bounty/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation](/en/foundation/)
  * [Ethereum Foundation Blog(opens in a new tab)](https://blog.ethereum.org/)
  * [Ecosystem Support Program(opens in a new tab)](https://esp.ethereum.foundation)
  * [Devcon(opens in a new tab)](https://devcon.org/)

### Research

  * [Ethereum Whitepaper](/en/whitepaper/)
  * [Ethereum roadmap](/en/roadmap/)
  * [Improved security](/en/roadmap/security/)
  * [Technical history of Ethereum](/en/history/)
  * [Open research](/en/community/research/)
  * [Ethereum Improvement Proposals](/en/eips/)
  * [Ethereum governance](/en/governance/)

  * [About us](/en/about/)
  * [Ethereum brand assets](/en/assets/)
  * [Code of conduct](/en/community/code-of-conduct/)
  * [Jobs](/en/about/#open-jobs)
  * [Privacy policy](/en/privacy-policy/)
  * [Terms of use](/en/terms-of-use/)
  * [Cookie policy](/en/cookie-policy/)
  * [Press Contact(opens in a new tab)](mailto:press@ethereum.org)

Is this page helpful?

