[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZS1hc3Npc3RzLWluZGlhcy1lbmZvcmNlbWVudC1kaXJlY3RvcmF0ZS1pbi1kaXNtYW50bGluZy1hLW1ham9yLW9ubGluZS1mcmF1ZC1vcGVyYXRpb24tMzI5OTg3NjkxMDIxNjcxODM5MT9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9lY29zeXN0ZW0vYmluYW5jZS1hc3Npc3RzLWluZGlhcy1lbmZvcmNlbWVudC1kaXJlY3RvcmF0ZS1pbi1kaXNtYW50bGluZy1hLW1ham9yLW9ubGluZS1mcmF1ZC1vcGVyYXRpb24tMzI5OTg3NjkxMDIxNjcxODM5MT9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Assists India’s Enforcement Directorate in Dismantling a Major
Online Fraud Operation

2024-05-03

## Main Takeaways

  * The Enforcement Directorate (ED) of India and Binance's Financial Crimes Compliance (FCC) unit have worked in a successful partnership to dismantle the E-Nugget scam, a fraudulent digital investment scheme disguised as a gaming platform.

  * The joint operation led to identifying and freezing 42 digital-asset accounts linked to the scam, totaling nearly $6M in ill-gotten gains, as well as hundreds of bank accounts, as a result of meticulous blockchain analysis and vital ground operations.

  * The E-Nugget case highlights the value of vigilance and public awareness, with the ED and Binance emphasizing the significant role played by collective vigilance and cooperation in combating financial crime and preserving the integrity of our digital financial future.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240502/e1dae2b4-79fb-43a7-b7a5-13ee5f631f61)

In a landmark example of a successful public-private partnership, the
Enforcement Directorate (ED) of India and the Financial Crimes Compliance
(FCC) division of Binance, have jointly dismantled a major fraud operation
known as E-Nugget.

The unraveling began in 2021 when the ED exposed the operation, led by Aamir
Khan and his team of criminals, and discovered that part of the ill-gotten
funds were invested in digital assets. In 2022, the ED sought Binance FCC's
expertise, which led to a partnership that has since yielded significant
breakthroughs.

## **Beware of Golden Nuggets**

The E-Nugget app, disguised as a gaming platform, promised users high returns
on their investments. Offering a series of enticing games designed for real-
money wagering and promising users hefty commissions, the app painted a
picture of a golden investment opportunity. However, this facade quickly fell
apart once investments were made, with the app going dark and leaving
investors stranded without a way to reclaim their funds. This bait-and-switch
tactic earmarked E-Nugget as a textbook scam.

The ED and Binance partnership that had gone after the perpetrators
successfully froze 42 digital-asset accounts linked to the scam, holding funds
totaling nearly $6 million. The collaboration extended beyond blockchain
analysis to include vital ground operations by the ED.

Jarek Jakubcek, Head of Law Enforcement Training at Binance, commented: "Our
joint investigative efforts have been incredibly rewarding. Our open dialogue
and unified commitment have led to discoveries that would have been difficult
to achieve independently. We are honored to partner with the ED, and together,
we have derailed a major financial scam, safeguarding countless potential
victims."

In the early stages of the investigation, Nishant Neeraj, Assistant Director
at the ED, approached Binance to establish close collaboration that would
ensure that the criminals had no avenue for escape. The support from Binance,
which included in-house technical expertise, data analysis, and proactive
assistance during ground operations, was crucial in resolving the case.

Together, the ED and Binance FCC meticulously analyzed transactions and traced
the movement of funds on the blockchain, uncovering patterns and connections
between different wallets that were instrumental in exposing the scammers'
intricate network.

The ED's aggressive approach has further unearthed a significant amount of
illicit proceeds from the E-Nugget scam, including raids that found 1,952 SIM
cards linked to various bank accounts, alongside numerous bank cards and
passbooks. Nearly 2,500 bank accounts were scrutinized, leading to the
confiscation of approximately Rs 19 crore (approximately $2.3 million) in
cash, and the freezing of funds totaling nearly Rs 90 crore (approximately $11
million) in 70 accounts.

## **Committed to Collaborative Security**

Binance remains c _o_ mmitted to supporting global law enforcement agencies in
combating any form of digital financial fraud. By leveraging its technological
prowess and investigative experience of its dedicated FCC unit, Binance
continues to work hand-in-hand with law enforcement, ensuring a safer online
financial environment.

The resolution of the E-Nugget case underscores the importance of vigilance,
especially when encountering platforms offering seemingly irresistible
returns. Both the ED and Binance urge the public to heighten their awareness
of such deceptive schemes to play an active role in the fight against
financial crime. This collective vigilance and cooperation are key to
safeguarding the integrity of our digital financial system.

## **Further Reading**

  * [ _Crypto Crime Was Down in 2023 – Here’s How Binance’s Efforts Contributed to This Trend_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/crypto-crime-was-down-in-2023--heres-how-binances-efforts-contributed-to-this-trend-3697721049614502490)

  * [ _Binance Shares Cyber-Policing And Investigative Expertise with INTERPOL_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/binance-shares-cyberpolicing-and-investigative-expertise-with-interpol-8801759366914474386)

  * [ _Above and Beyond for Users: How Binance Helps Tackle Crime On- and Offline_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/above-and-beyond-for-users-how-binance-helps-tackle-crime-on--and-offline-7072508369250665645)

194,684,061 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Assists India’s Enforcement Directorate in Dismantling a Major Online
Fraud Operation

Main Takeaways

Beware of Golden Nuggets

Committed to Collaborative Security

Further Reading

194,684,061 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

