[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvY3ludGhpYS1iaW5hbmNlcy1jcnlwdG8tcGF5bWVudHMtdHJhaWxibGF6ZXItNDY1OTk4OTQzMDk4NjM4MDg0Nz9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9jb21tdW5pdHkvY3ludGhpYS1iaW5hbmNlcy1jcnlwdG8tcGF5bWVudHMtdHJhaWxibGF6ZXItNDY1OTk4OTQzMDk4NjM4MDg0Nz9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Cynthia: Binance’s Crypto Payments Trailblazer

2024-05-22

## Main Takeaways

  * Bitcoin Pizza Day is all about celebrating the ever-growing practical utility of digital assets. On this day, as part of Binance employee spotlight series, we feature our culture star, Cynthia. Follow her journey at Binance embodying our hardcore, user-focused culture. 

  * Discover why talented individuals like Cynthia join Binance and thrive here through a vibrant culture of collaboration, finding purpose and growth opportunities. We’ll dive into Cynthia’s unique journey from traditional finance to the freedom of crypto, driving the adoption and utility of borderless payments.

  * Gain insight into how Cynthia and her colleagues serve users, building trust through innovative solutions that empower Binance’s vision of a globally connected monetary future.

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20240522/e4e9853d-eb41-4f6e-b76f-9cdfce06905d)

Every day, crypto reshapes our global financial landscape, impacting the lives
of millions worldwide, with each transaction forging a path toward a more
connected future. Back in 2010, programmer Laszlo Hanyecz sparked a revolution
when he traded 10,000 BTC for two pizzas, igniting the journey of real-world
crypto transactions. Fast forward to today, digital assets have grown into a
trillion-dollar industry, driven by a diverse array of participants worldwide.
Yet, it’s the people behind the scenes who propel this transformation forward.

Users stand at the forefront of Binance’s mission, driving every decision we
make. This Bitcoin Pizza Day, we pay homage to those who tirelessly strive to
shape a more inclusive and accessible financial ecosystem. Among them is
Cynthia, a Product Manager at Binance, whose dedication embodies our
commitment to serving users worldwide.

## A Product Manager’s Pride

As a product manager, Cynthia designs seamless payment solutions for millions
of users worldwide. She works to bring more users into crypto by helping them
understand the monetary freedom it provides, directly embodying our user-
focused culture. By creating products that demonstrate the utility of crypto,
her work is nurturing the future of Web3 adoption. “Product managers are like
mothers,” she explains. “Every one of your products are like your babies.”
Seeing the products you’ve created resonate with users and facilitate their
journeys instills a sense of pride and achievement.

Cynthia’s colleagues describe her as humble and hardcore, qualities that help
her thrive in Binance’s dynamic environment. “When facing various challenges
and difficulties in work, I need to remain calm and focused, using
professional knowledge and skills to solve problems,” Cynthia describes. “This
allows me to take on more responsibilities and challenges in the project, and
partners can rely on me more.”

## From Cross-Border Payments to Crypto

Cynthia recalls realizing at an early age that technology has the power to
improve people’s lives tangibly and quickly. This realization sparked her
interest in innovation and led her to pursue a degree in Engineering at the
university. What captivated her was the potential to blend technical
disciplines with the practical side of the financial world.

Eventually, she found herself facing a wall that the traditional cross-border
payment systems struggled to surmount: settlement. She could see that
traditional solutions were cumbersome, usually taking days to settle. Not to
mention the hefty fees, eating away at transaction amounts. This was when
Cynthia found cryptocurrencies and the [_innovations they
offered_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/adoption/beyond-borders-the-power-
of-crypto-in-global-money-transfers-7807503777915524943) for the payments
industry, particularly regarding settlement speeds and transaction costs.
These prospects drew her into the rapidly developing crypto industry, and it
was through this curiosity that Cynthia found Binance.

## The Precipice of a New World

A blend of curiosity and passion led Cynthia to Web3; her experiences in the
cross-border payments industry led her to believe in blockchain’s capacity to
change the world. Binance’s vision of leveraging digital assets to nurture
global monetary freedom shone as a guiding light. The organization’s industry-
leading position and a culture that chimed in harmony with her own beliefs
beckoned Cynthia to join the movement.

### Joining Binance

Stepping into her new role with Binance’s Pay team in June 2021, Cynthia began
acclimating to its fast-paced environment. Here, building an open and united
team spirit is essential, as Cynthia would soon come to discover. With the
support of her teammates, Cynthia was able to smoothly embed herself into the
workflows. The trust she could place in her colleagues helped foster trust in
herself, and quickly found herself overcoming the gaps in her knowledge. This
driven and collaborative attitude led her to become an integral part of the
team soon after joining.

Cynthia recalls that relocating to a new country to join Binance also
presented new obstacles – climate, language, and even currency. Upon arrival,
she was yet to acquire any of the local fiat money. Tired, craving a small
comfort to unwind from the journey, she bought a cup of coffee using crypto.
Just like Laszlo Hanyecz in 2010, as well as countless others thereafter, she
was experiencing the convenience of crypto in the everyday joys of life,
whether that be coffee or pizza. As Cynthia describes, “I don’t want to be
limited by local fiat currencies when traveling. Switching one fiat for
another can be a troublesome process, and crypto makes life much more
convenient and free.”

Curious people like Cynthia tend to tackle new challenges as quickly as crypto
payments settle. She embraced her new circumstances with an open mind and came
to appreciate her new city’s charm of vibrancy and diversity, turning her
adjustment into an exciting journey.

At Binance, we have a saying that a year of working here is equal to working
three years elsewhere. True to this maxim, after only a few months, Cynthia
already felt she had been working at Binance for a long time. Navigating the
twists and turns of the crypto world with a group of fellow enthusiasts gave
Cynthia a sense of contributing to something bigger. Moreover, remote work
meant she had the independence to choose her own way of working and living
with flexibility, while having the room to truly shine and grow in her field.

## Staying Motivated Through Challenges

The team’s trust and connection foster a deeper team spirit, which is
Cynthia's top motivator. As Cynthia puts it, “professional knowledge and trust
in partners is essential for success.”

Having this robust support network to fall back on allows Cynthia to thrive in
her role. Striking the right balance between autonomy and teamwork, this
environment is a testament to the team’s leadership and the bonds Cynthia and
her colleagues have built.

### Red Packets Giveaway campaign

Cynthia fondly recalls the launch of the first Crypto Red Packets Giveaway
campaign launched in July 2022. The campaign aimed to teach potential users
about the features of Binance Pay by providing them with a small amount of
crypto to start their journeys. Having helped design, launch, and evaluate the
campaign, Cynthia was empowered to see her team’s efforts resonate with users
and bring in waves of new joiners. As Cynthia’s first growth project, the Red
Packet campaign had been a huge milestone for her. Having been improved and
optimized since then, the promotion is now a monthly occurrence with over
2,000,000 participants each time.

Beyond the product’s success, it was also a valuable experience in terms of
promoting user education. Though an intuitive mechanism, the campaign helps
new users settle into Binance Pay by providing them with a small amount of
crypto to get started. This was Cynthia’s vision when designing the product –
to ease the journey into the world of digital assets. Putting herself in the
user’s shoes, she understood that it may not be easy or comfortable to deposit
one’s own money into the platform a new user doesn’t fully understand yet.
Thus, the campaign gives them a little boost in confidence to begin the
exploration.

## Driven by the Bigger Vision

On weekends, Cynthia enjoys getting together with friends and playing murder
mystery table games. Cynthia’s passion for playing these games, where she
nimbly switches personas and unravels mysteries, stands as a colorful metaphor
for her dynamic role at Binance. Just like her hobby demands adaptability,
Cynthia's work requires her to wear multiple hats – that of user, analyst,
designer, and more.

Binance’s vibrant culture of user focus and collaboration is embodied in the
efforts of professionals like Cynthia. In the heart of this rapidly evolving
space, she turns challenges into opportunities, working to design seamless
payment solutions and further crypto adoption and utility. As we celebrate yet
another Bitcoin Pizza Day, we recognize the enormous strides made since the
first real-world crypto transaction and the massive contributions to this
process by inspiring Web3 professionals like Cynthia. As we keep advancing
this remarkable crypto transformation together, Binancians like Cynthia are
striving towards a future where the freedom of money is a tangible reality for
all.

Interested in working at Binance? Learn about our [_open Product roles and
more_](https://www.binance.com/en/careers/department?name=Product%20%26%20Design&team=Product).

## Further Reading

  * [ _Inside Binance's User-Focused Culture_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/inside-binances-userfocused-culture-5054271114310809048)

  * [ _Alex Ibghi: Binance’s Island of Connectivity_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/community/alex-ibghi-binances-island-of-connectivity-6369003362846941535?lang=en)

  * [ _Husain Ghuloom: Binance’s Unyielding Explorer_](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/ecosystem/husain-ghuloom-binances-unyielding-explorer-8957364705838504275)

194,959,123 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Cynthia: Binance’s Crypto Payments Trailblazer

Main Takeaways

A Product Manager’s Pride

From Cross-Border Payments to Crypto

The Precipice of a New World

Staying Motivated Through Challenges

Driven by the Bigger Vision

Further Reading

194,959,123 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

