[](/)

[ staking ](/staking)

protocols

[ bridges ](/bridges)

[ oracles ](/oracles)

[ liquid staking ](/liquid-staking)

business

[ development ](/products/)

[ institutional staking ](/institutional-staking)

[ everstake capital ](https://everstake.capital/)

[ blog ](/blog)

about us

[ about company ](/about)

[ our products ](/products)

[ crypto reports ](/crypto-reports)

[ chatgpt plugin ](/everstake-chatgpt-plugin-leading-crypto-ai-for-optimal-
staking)

[ eth staking ](/staking/ethereum)

[stake now](/staking)

[](/)

  1. [home](/)
  2. / [ blog ](/blog)
  3. / [ everstake pa... ](/blog/everstake-partners-with-trezor-to-set-up-a-new-level-of-staking-experience)

#  Everstake Partners with Trezor to Set up a New Level of Staking Experience

16 May 2024

4 min read

partnership

trezor

eth

4 min read

Article content

What Is Trezor?

ETH Staking with Everstake via Trezor

Conclusion

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Everstake is absolutely thrilled to announce our partnership with
[Trezor](https://trezor.io/), a flagship producer of hardware wallets. With
Trezor’s long history of delivering highly secure devices and Everstake’s
proven track record of industry-grade reliability, this partnership is set to
create a whole new level of safety and convenience for Ethereum stakers.

## What Is Trezor?

Trezor is a renowned producer of hardware wallets known for their profound
security and protection levels and the first one ever to create a hardware
wallet. They use open-source software thoroughly audited by the vast
cryptocurrency community, enable additional protection, and allow for backups.
Trezor offers [three models](https://trezor.io/compare) of hardware wallets,
namely Model T, Model One, and Safe 3, each with its own suite of features
tailored to the varying needs of cryptocurrency holders.

Unlike software wallets, aka hot wallets, hardware wallets enable one to store
their cryptocurrency offline in a protected environment so that the funds
cannot be hacked into and stolen. This also ensures that nobody but the asset
owner can exercise any control over the funds, effectively creating the
ultimate non-custodial experience.

Trezor supports thousands of coins and tokens and supports staking operations.

## ETH Staking with Everstake via Trezor

Trezor has implemented [ETH staking
functionality](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/) in Trezor Suite with
Everstake as a staking service provider.

This way, users can access our battle-tested infrastructure and stake as
little as 0.1 ETH from a completely secure environment and have peace of mind
about the safety of their funds.

By staking ETH with Everstake via Trezor, users support the steady operation
of Ethereum and get rewards in exchange for locking their tokens. With ETH
locked on Trezor, the coins cannot be stolen, hacked, or exposed to risks.

Everstake was the first company to roll out a pooling solution that enables
users to bypass the network-mandated minimum of 32 ETH and stake as little as
0.1 ETH instead. The pool’s operation is supported by our geographically
distributed infrastructure serviced by a team of highly experienced and
skilled professionals.

With the security ensured by Everstake’s smart contract and Trezor’s safety
features, stakers can now enjoy the ultimate experience of having all staking
risks reduced to an absolute minimum, all while enjoying the convenient and
intuitive interface of Trezor Suite.

## Conclusion

Everstake is immensely proud to have the creators of the first hardware wallet
as our partners. We believe that when industry leaders focused on security and
democratization of crypto join their forces, this boosts the development of a
truly unified and decentralized world of Web3 that would benefit everyone. A
partnership with Trezor has the potential to benefit every one of our 735,000+
users across 70+ blockchains, especially those staking Ethereum, one of the
world’s pivotal cryptocurrencies.

We are confident that the combination of our efforts will establish a new
standard for user safety and satisfaction when it comes to staking.

[Stake ETH with Everstake via Trezor](https://content.trezor.io/eth-staking) | [Learn more about staking](https://stake.everstake.one/ethereum/)

STAKE  
FROM 0.1 ETH

With the first non-custodial ETH staking solution from Everstake for ~7% APR

stake now

Dark \- Light

![Everstake Logo](https://cdn.buttercms.com/OMoRHrcTTz4AsfGlHJm0)

Everstake

Content Manager

[ ](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool/) [
](https://www.facebook.com/everstake.one/) [
](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)

Everstake is one of the most reliable PoS validators on the market, with
current volumes of customer staked funds exceeding 2B$ and over 735K+
delegators as of March 2023.

### subscribe

Learn more about staking from a few letters

#### to our newsletter

your e-mail

subscribe

Please enter a valid email address

You are subscribed!

You will receive on-time and unique content through our newsletter

###  Contact us

####  Have questions?  
We’re always there to answer!

Our distributed team of 20+ community managers is online 24/7 and is ready to
assist you.

[ Book a call with us
](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ0P1Gk5eYeQcs5shpHMUuvO3WFZHgqZuq3ZNJitr-
IfHxnIzPT_WDX-FRMukAHclS7wAhkY0Ahx)[ Follow us on Twitter
](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool)[ Stay in touch via Discord
](https://discord.gg/NvcW47V3Xb)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

[ staking ](/staking)

[ status ](https://status.everstake.one/)

[ Report vulnerability ](/report-vulnerability)

[ about us ](/about)

[ business ](/institutional-staking)

[](https://twitter.com/everstake_pool) [](https://www.reddit.com/r/Everstake/)
[](https://www.linkedin.com/company/everstakeofficial/)
[](https://www.youtube.com/@everstake7336)

[](https://www.stakingrewards.com/savings/everstake/)

Everstake

[ Terms of Use ](/docs/terms-of-use.pdf) & [ Privacy Policy ](/docs/privacy-
policy.pdf)

Copyright © 2024 Everstake

This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience

close

got it

