[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9taW5pbmcvZWFybi1jcnlwdG8tZnJvbS1jbG91ZC1taW5pbmctd2l0aC1iaW5hbmNlLXBvb2wtNjg5ODUwMTU5MjY1OTAxMzM1MD9sYW5nPWVu)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9taW5pbmcvZWFybi1jcnlwdG8tZnJvbS1jbG91ZC1taW5pbmctd2l0aC1iaW5hbmNlLXBvb2wtNjg5ODUwMTU5MjY1OTAxMzM1MD9sYW5nPWVu)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Earn Crypto from Cloud Mining with Binance Pool

2022-12-13

## Main Takeaways

  * Cryptocurrency miners compete to solve complex cryptographic puzzles using specialized computers in order to earn newly minted tokens.

  * Mining operations are akin to huge data centers. Miners ‘pool’ their computing power so they can collectively earn more and share greater rewards. 

  * Cloud mining describes the outsourcing of computational power from someone else’s mining farm. You pay for hash rate and electricity, then earn rewards. 

  * November 2022 saw the launch of [Binance Cloud Mining](https://pool.binance.com/en/cloud), which lets users earn rewards from Binance’s mining pool without having to buy equipment.

_What is cryptocurrency mining? How do miners make money? What’s a mining
pool? We explain all this before looking at the pros and cons of cloud mining,
and how to get started with Binance.  _

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221212/5db7e851-7c6d-4810-a097-8e50bdd7b680)

November 2022 saw the launch of [Binance Cloud
Mining](https://pool.binance.com/en/cloud) — a new product that enables users
to earn mining rewards from Binance’s cryptocurrency mining pool without
having to purchase, set up, or run mining equipment. Simply pay for mining
power (hash rate) and electricity via Binance Cloud Mining’s products, and the
mining rewards you earn will be sent to you daily.

Before you think about signing up for a cloud mining service, however, it’s
important you understand what you’re buying. This article will give an
overview of cryptocurrency mining, how miners make money from it, and what
mining pools are. We’ll also look at how cloud mining works, its benefits, and
how you can try cloud mining with Binance.

## What is Cryptocurrency Mining?

Mining is the process in which cryptocurrency transactions among users are
verified and added to the public blockchain ledger. Mining is also responsible
for introducing new coins into the existing circulating supply.

Note that there is no single method for mining tokens — the equipment and
process changes as new hardware and consensus algorithms emerge. Typically,
however, miners use specialized computers to solve complex cryptographic
equations.

For the purposes of this article, we’ll talk about mining on the Bitcoin
network (although what follows is similar for coins that adopt the same
mechanism). It’s a complicated process deserving of its own
[article](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-cryptocurrency-
mining), and any deep dive into mining will require you to wrap your head
around things like hashing transactions, merkle trees, block headers, and hash
rate.

One of the key things to understand, however, is that miners compete with one
another to solve complex cryptographic puzzles with specialized computers
(mining hardware). The first miner to find a valid solution can then broadcast
their block of transactions to the blockchain and receive the block reward.

You can think of this as payment of newly minted currency awarded to the
successful miner (plus transaction fees). These payments are what encourage
miners to maintain the blockchain, and do the work of collecting and
validating transactions.

## How Do Miners Make Money?

For Bitcoin, the block reward is currently 6.25 BTC, plus whatever transaction
fees were included in the block. Blocks in the Bitcoin network are created, on
average, every ten minutes. This basically means that every ten minutes, one
miner in the network is earning themselves 6.25 BTC, plus transaction fees.

From a business perspective, miners have to invest in mining hardware and
spend money on electricity to run these machines. The goal is to make more
from the block rewards than they spend on running their operation. But there
are no guarantees — some miners may lose money from spending more on machines
and operational costs than they make from rewards.

In simple terms, the more often a miner’s computers solve the cryptographic
puzzles first, the more money they make. And the more machines and mining
power you have, the more likely you are to be the one earning the block
reward. This has led to the creation of mining pools.

## What Are Mining Pools?

Mining pools are all about hash rate. In cryptocurrency mining, the term ‘hash
rate’ refers to the speed at which mining computers are able to perform their
computations. Hash rate is directly proportional to profitability: a higher
hash rate means a greater probability of mining a block, which means the miner
has a better chance of receiving that all-important block reward.

Mining operations are now essentially akin to huge data centers. The more
machines a miner has, the greater their hash rate and, as such, the more block
rewards they’re likely to receive. As a result, miners will ‘pool’ their
resources, joining forces to combine their hash rate into a single ‘mining
pool’. The probability of finding new blocks rises due to their increased
collective power, so they can collectively earn more and share greater
rewards.

Binance Pool, for example, has averaged around 11% of the Bitcoin network’s
total hash rate over the last year, and mined 11.37% of blocks (2,980) over
the last six months (as of November 2022). Setting aside transaction fees,
that’s 18,625 BTC to Binance Pool in six months.

Rewards are shared amongst miners in the pool based on the hash rate they
provide. For example, if a single mining operation contributed 10% of Binance
Pool’s entire hash rate, they would be awarded 10% of the pool’s earnings. A
small mining operation is unlikely to be first to the block reward but by
contributing their hash rate to the group, they can earn a percentage share of
the larger pool’s more regular income.

## Cloud Mining: The Benefits and Dangers

Cloud mining is a way for people to try cryptocurrency mining without having
to go through the hassle or expense of buying mining machines, finding a
physical location to run them, or all the other capital expenditure involved
in running a mining operation. With cloud mining, you outsource computational
power from someone else’s mining farm. In short, this usually consists of
paying someone else to mine on your behalf.

As cloud mining doesn't require users to have specialized hardware to mine
cryptocurrency, they can get involved in the mining process more easily. In
addition, because you are essentially renting computing power from someone
else, there are no electrical systems to set up or storage issues to consider.

In the most basic of terms, cloud mining allows you to rent hash rate, thereby
contributing to the functioning and existence of the decentralized blockchain.
At the same time, you will hopefully earn money from the share of mining
rewards distributed to you.

You should still exercise caution, of course. Because you aren’t buying a
physical machine and are unlikely to ever see the mining farm, you must beware
of scams, where bad actors will take money for cloud mining without actually
providing any such physical service. Additionally, even with reputable and
trusted parties, there is a chance you can lose money.

This is because cloud mining usually requires you to commit to a fixed
contract where you pay for hash rate and electricity over a set period of
time. Projected earnings for the duration of the contract may point to profit
but if the price of the token you’re mining falls during that time, you could
end up making a loss instead. There are no guaranteed profits with cloud
mining.

## How To Start Cloud Mining With Binance

If you want to start cloud mining, Binance is a safe option. With Binance
Cloud Mining, you don’t have to worry about hardware, site-sourcing, or mining
farms. We handle all the operations and maintenance while you enjoy the
benefit of being part of a proven cryptocurrency mining pool and earning your
share of rewards.

Ready to buy hash rate with a view to generating income? Simply login to your
Binance account and click [Earn] — [[Binance
Pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)], then go to [[Cloud
Mining](https://pool.binance.com/en/cloud)]. You’ll see all the Cloud Mining
products under [Market]. Choose a product and click [Buy Now].

Adjust the amount of hash rate you want to purchase and choose your payment
currency. Currently, we support USDT and BUSD. You’ll see the total payment
amount, the estimated start time, and the duration.

Note that you have to pay for your hash rate and electricity upfront. Read and
agree to the service agreement and click [Confirm]. Once the order is
confirmed, Binance will deduct the agreed amount from your Spot Wallet.

Please note that once the order is confirmed, you cannot edit or cancel it.
Subscriptions open every Tuesday from 04:00 (UTC) to Thursday, 14:00 (UTC).
Your daily mining income will be settled between 02:00 and 10:00 (UTC). After
the settlement is complete, your mining income will be distributed to your
Binance Funding Wallet.

_**Read the following articles to learn more about mining pools and how to use
Binance Cloud Mining**_**:**

  * [How to Use Binance Cloud Mining](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/how-to-use-binance-cloud-mining-45849cb6f3a84663b2ffbc5ca3dca716)

  * [Mining Pools Explained](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/mining-pools-explained)

  * [Binance Cloud Mining Terms of Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms-cloud-mining)

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221212/5da6cf44-048b-4026-81c0-25b796c816d8)

 _**Risk Disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market
risk and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are
familiar with and where you understand the associated risks. You should
carefully consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[Terms of
Use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[Risk
Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

195,051,677 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Earn Crypto from Cloud Mining with Binance Pool

Main Takeaways

What is Cryptocurrency Mining?

How Do Miners Make Money?

What Are Mining Pools?

Cloud Mining: The Benefits and Dangers

How To Start Cloud Mining With Binance

195,051,677 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

We use "Strictly Necessary" cookies to keep our site reliable and secure. We’d
like to set additional cookies to understand site usage, make site
improvements, to remember your settings and to assist in our marketing
efforts.

Manage Cookies Reject Additional Cookies Accept Cookies & Continue

![Company Logo](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/99f99939-5a0d-4feb-
aef3-ba45f16b6907/5bfb9945-c83c-46f9-8bd7-55e8fd1975b5/02e50907-93f6-477d-a8a2-d581dace49c2/binance-h.png)

## Privacy Preference Center

We use cookies to collect data which improves your experience while you
navigate through the website. Because we respect your right to privacy, you
can choose not to allow some types of cookies. The information does not
usually directly identify you but it might be about you, your preferences or
your device and is mostly used to improve the site making the site work as you
expect it to whilst giving you a personalised experience. Of course, we do all
this with your consent and in complete transparency. The cookies that are
categorized as "Strictly Necessary" are on by default and are stored on your
browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities and
security of the website. You can choose to enable or disable some or all of
the additional cookies if they are present, but disabling some of them may
affect your browsing experience.  
[Cookie Policy](https://www.binance.com/en/cookie-privacy)

Allow All

###  Manage Consent Preferences

#### Strictly Necessary Cookies

Always Active

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched
off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by
you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy
preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block
or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then
work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.

Cookies Details‎

#### Functional Cookies

Functional Cookies

These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and
personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose
services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then
some or all of these services may not function properly.

Cookies Details‎

#### Targeting Cookies

Targeting Cookies

Targeting cookies may be set through our site by ourselves and our advertising
partners. First parties and third parties will use them to build a profile of
your interests based on the browsing information they collect from you, which
includes uniquely identifying your browser and terminal equipment. If you do
not allow these cookies you will still see basic advertising on your browser
that is generic and not based on your interests

Cookies Details‎

#### Performance Cookies

Performance Cookies

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure
and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are
the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All
information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If
you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our
site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.

Cookies Details‎

Back Button

### Cookie List

Search Icon

Filter Icon

Clear

checkbox label label

Apply Cancel

Consent Leg.Interest

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

checkbox label label

Reject Additional Cookies Confirm My Choices

[![Powered by
Onetrust](https://cdn.cookielaw.org/logos/static/powered_by_logo.svg)](https://www.onetrust.com/products/cookie-
consent/)

