[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYnV5LXNlbmQtYW5kLWdpZnQtYml0Y29pbi13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtZ2lmdC1jYXJkLW1hcmtldHBsYWNlLTI4OTMzNDc5NTcxNDczNjY4NjM%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9naWZ0LWNhcmQvYnV5LXNlbmQtYW5kLWdpZnQtYml0Y29pbi13aXRoLWJpbmFuY2UtZ2lmdC1jYXJkLW1hcmtldHBsYWNlLTI4OTMzNDc5NTcxNDczNjY4NjM%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Buy, Send and Gift Bitcoin With Binance Gift Card Marketplace

2022-10-25

## Main Takeaways

  * Binance Gift Cards are a hassle-free and fun way to give crypto presents to your family and friends.

  * Launched in 2009, bitcoin (BTC) is the world’s first cryptocurrency that remains the best-known digital asset out there. 

  * You can now buy dedicated BTC gift cards and send them to your family and friends anywhere in the world – with zero transaction fees!

_Looking to add a modern touch to your gifting game? Binance’s Bitcoin Gift
Card might just be the answer._

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221025/428276ff-
eca1-4039-92e0-4ed1f4229bda)

Whether your friends and family are already crypto-savvy or just crypto-
curious, why not spice up their holiday season experience by sending a [crypto
gift card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)? Giving a friend or a
colleague a bitcoin present might just earn you extra brownie points for the
coolest gift ever.

## What Can You Do with a Bitcoin Gift Card?

[Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin) is a form of virtual
money, so you can use it to make purchases from retailers and services that
accept it. Those interested in trading can also use the BTC loaded onto their
gift card to kickstart their crypto trading journey. As you explore crypto
markets, remember to always [do your own research
(DYOR)](https://academy.binance.com/en/glossary/do-your-own-research) and make
sure you understand and are comfortable with the risks involved before
engaging in any trading activity.

To learn more about bitcoin, check out our in-depth article [What is
Bitcoin?](https://academy.binance.com/en/articles/what-is-bitcoin)  

## Binance: A Prime Destination for Bitcoin Gift Cards

We’ve recently launched the [Gift Card
Marketplace](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/binance-gift-card--
three-ways-the-new-marketplace-makes-giving-even-better-8391424637649525979),
a one-stop shop for buying, sending, and redeeming crypto gift cards in an
easier, safer, and more exciting way. With the introduction of our new
marketplace, we’ve also released a series of new gift cards to complement our
vast collection. Buying Bitcoin Gift Cards and instantly sending them to
family and friends across the world – all with zero transaction fees – has
become easier than ever.

Moreover, with our new Fixed-Value Gift Card feature, you no longer need to
hold bitcoin in your wallet to buy a gift card loaded with BTC. You can buy
bitcoin using fixed amounts of other supported currencies, such as BUSD or
USDT.

Want to add a bespoke touch to your present? Choose a Gift Card design from
the selection of over 50 templates in our [Gift Card
Store](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/create-card) and include a
personal message. If you have a Binance [referral
link](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451),
don’t forget to include that too.

## How Do I Create And Send a Bitcoin Gift Card?

Purchasing a Bitcoin Gift Card only requires three simple steps on the Binance
Gift Card Marketplace!

1\. Log into the Binance App.

2\. Under your **[Profile],   **select **[Gift Card]** and then tap
**[Send]**.

3\. Choose the crypto and the amount you want to send. You can also customize
your gift card by picking a template.

4\. Once you’ve finalized your design and confirmed the amount on the gift
card, tap **[Send]**.

5\. You will then be asked to choose whether you want your gift card delivered
via email or SMS. Select your preferred channel, and you’re done!

For a more detailed guide, check out our tutorial on [How to Create and Send a
Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30).

## How Do I Redeem a Bitcoin Gift Card?

Similar to sending a Bitcoin Gift Card, the redemption process only takes
three simple steps. You can easily [redeem your Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/gift-card/2-simple-ways-to-redeem-your-
binance-gift-card-1144037038095530531) to your full crypto amount without any
extra fees.

1\. Log into the Binance app and tap **[Gift Card]** on your profile.

2\. Select **[Redeem]**.

3\. Enter the 16-digit code on your gift card and select **[Redeem]**.

For a step-by-step guide, check out our tutorial on****[How Do I Redeem a Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c).

[![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20221025/1cf36bb4-5248-482f-8e87-957a55e814c8)](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-
card)

## Celebrate Special Occasions in Style

Crypto gift cards are a hassle-free way to share the gift of crypto with your
loved ones, no matter the occasion. So what are you waiting for? Surprise your
family or friends with a bitcoin present by sending them a [Binance Gift
Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card/send).  

**For more information, you can also refer to our helpful guides below** :

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Redeem a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/277bb1edbce74f8eb91dd058f3066b8c)

  * (FAQ) [How to Redeem and Convert Binance Gift Cards to Fiat Currency](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/db265dbdbf084f72994c35ffe2227cf6)

  * (FAQ) [How to Create and Send a Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d4f5b489c5064322826f202a2bd88d30)

  * (FAQ) [How Do I Refer a Friend With a Gift Card?](https://www.binance.com/en/support/faq/d32c4036520b4037ad8d159cbfc92451)

_Binance reserves the right in its sole discretion to amend or change or
cancel this announcement at any time and for any reasons without prior
notice._

_**Risk disclaimer**_ _: Cryptocurrency prices are subject to high market risk
and price volatility. You should only invest in products that you are familiar
with and where you understand the associated risks. You should carefully
consider your investment experience, financial situation, investment
objectives and risk tolerance, and consult an independent financial adviser
prior to making any investment. This material should not be construed as
financial advice. Past performance is not a reliable indicator of future
performance. The value of your investment can go down as well as up, and you
may not get back the amount you invested. You are solely responsible for your
investment decisions. Binance is not responsible for any losses you may incur.
For more information, please refer to our_[terms of
use](https://www.binance.com/en/terms) _and_[risk
warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning) _._

194,766,238 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Buy, Send and Gift Bitcoin With Binance Gift Card Marketplace

Main Takeaways

What Can You Do with a Bitcoin Gift Card?

Binance: A Prime Destination for Bitcoin Gift Cards

How Do I Create And Send a Bitcoin Gift Card?

How Do I Redeem a Bitcoin Gift Card?

Celebrate Special Occasions in Style

194,766,238 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

