Metaco.com will be sunset as of June 7, 2024

[Learn more](https://ripple.com/solutions/digital-asset-custody/ "Learn more")

Skip to main content

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo.svg?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * Solutions __

__Solutions

Solutions

    * [__Global Custodians Build tomorrow's market infrastructure ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [__Universal Banks Satisfy demand for new asset classes ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [__Neobanks & FintechsFind new routes to monetization ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [__Regulated Exchanges Grow volumes and profit margins ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [__Corporates Boost customer loyalty and engagement ](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)

  * Platform __

__Platform

Platform

Deploy ambitious digital asset use cases with the most secure and versatile
infrastructure.

    * [__Harmonize™ Platform Overview Issue, store, trade, transfer, settle and service any type of digital asset. ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [__Custody Hot, warm and institutional cold storage ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [__Trading Powerful order execution, funding and settlement ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [__Web3 Web3 Portal spanning NFTs, DeFi and DApps ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [__Governance Entirely customizable risk and compliance controls ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [__Orchestration A single source of truth for managing all digital assets ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [__Tokenization Asset-agnostic smart contract management framework ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [__Integration Fully integrable platform following enterprise standards ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [__Security Highest protection against insider and external threats ](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)

  * Company __

__Company

Company

    * [__About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [__Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [__Careers](https://www.metaco.com/careers/)

  * Resources __

__Resources

Resources

    * [__Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [__Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [__Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [__Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [__Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

[Contact](https://www.metaco.com/contact/ "Contact")

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

# Metaco secures significant new shareholders and investment in second round
of funding

  *  __ April 26, 2018
  *  __5 min

Share

  * [ __](https://www.linkedin.com/sharing/share-offsite/?url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-secures-significant-new-shareholders-and-investment-in-second-round-of-funding%2F)
  * [__](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Metaco+https%3A%2F%2Fwww.metaco.com%2Fpress-release%2Fmetaco-secures-significant-new-shareholders-and-investment-in-second-round-of-funding%2F+via+%40metaco_sa)

#### Blockchain specialist Metaco secures significant new shareholders and
investment in second round of funding

#### 26 April 2018

Lausanne-based blockchain and crypto-currency specialist Metaco has secured
significant new shareholders and investment in a highly successful second
round of funding. In an indication of the high esteem that Metaco holds in the
market, the new investors include Avaloq, Swisscom, Swiss Post and SICPA. The
financial terms of the deal are not being disclosed.

Established in 2014, Metaco has rapidly become an expert in helping banks and
financial institutions, including national banks, capitalise on the latest
blockchain technologies and systems. It has developed specialist, high-grade
cryptographic solutions that can be fully integrated into a bank’s core
processes.

Metaco is also a leading provider of a highly secure custody solution for
crypto assets called SILO, which was launched in January 2018. This platform,
which is built on its own hardware developed with government and defense
supplier Guardtime, delivers NIAP Certified storage and transaction processing
to banks and other financial institutions. Its proprietary offering has
continued to differentiate Metaco in the blockchain sector and position the
firm at the forefront of the market.

With average daily trading volumes constantly increasing, cryptocurrencies and
digital assets are beginning to rival some of the world’s most liquid assets
as more investors diversify into this new asset class. Where traditional
banks, consultancies and other fintechs do provide a blockchain management and
advisory service, these are usually not integrated into digital banking
channels and rely on third parties or high-risk manual systems that are
expensive, inefficient and insecure.

Zurich-based fintech Avaloq has acquired a 10% stake in Metaco, the highest
amount by a new shareholder, in a move which will significantly enhance
Avaloq’s own expertise and solutions with regards to blockchain technology.
Francisco Fernandez, Group Chairman and founder of Avaloq, will join Metaco’s
Board of Directors with the aim to help Metaco grow and expand. As a result of
the Metaco partnership, there will be no organisational changes within Metaco
or Avaloq but there will be close cooperation going forward.

_“The enormous potential of distributed ledgers and crypto assets in the
banking industry has remained largely unexploited due to the lack of
integrated solutions and the radically innovative nature of such systems.
Metaco’s banking products, including our NIAP Certified crypto asset custody
solution SILO, have been specifically engineered to remove barriers to entry
and bring financial companies forward into this high-growth market. I am
extremely excited by the synergistic potential of our industry-leading
investors, whose contribution to Metaco will allow us to specialize even
further and accelerate growth in the banking sector. The high calibre of these
shareholders is an indication of the esteem that Metaco has in the market; the
new shareholders will, along with Avaloq, also provide significant strategic
synergies and business advantages to Metaco as it develops and invests for
growth,”_

**said Adrien Treccani, Founder and CEO of Metaco.**

“The aim of Metaco and Avaloq is to help the financial industry with the
opportunities and challenges of blockchain technology by offering outstanding
solutions in the field of distributed ledger, cryptocurrencies and digital
assets. We believe the world is heading towards accelerated digitalisation of
further asset classes and processes. In just four years Metaco has developed
into a fast-growth provider of cutting edge technologies at the heart of the
blockchain industry. It is a fantastic opportunity for Avaloq and I greatly
look forward to working closely with the Metaco team,”

**said Francisco Fernandez, Group Chairman of Avaloq.**

“As a trusted banking infrastructure provider and technology partner, Swisscom
supports regulated financial companies in their transformation within the
crypto currency and crypto asset world. We are convinced by Metaco’s solution
and team and our goal is to integrate its leading crypto asset custody
solutions into our blockchain crypto property services,”

**said Johannes Höhener, Head of Swisscom FinTech.**

_“Standing idle is not an option when your core business is security. Payments
and banking are experiencing major developments and digitalisation offers
important new opportunities,”_  **stated Jean-Yves Ray, Marketing Director,
SICPA**. _“SICPA is proud to partner with and support Metaco because our goals
converge around a common pillar – trust. The projects in prospect are exciting
and we are looking forward to providing an expanded portfolio of solutions,
including distributed ledger and cryptographic technologies, to respond to our
clients’ shifting needs.”._

For more information please visit
[silo.metaco.com.](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/footer.png?x88149)

## **Explore** more

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/12/metaco-pr-template-zodia.jpg?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

December 4, 2023### [Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco
network](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/zodia-custody-metaco-network/
"Zodia Custody integrates on Metaco network")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2023/11/metaco-pr-template-square-bbva.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 21, 2023### [BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with
Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/bbva-switzerland-partnership-
institutional-harmonize/ "BBVA Switzerland expands partnership with Metaco")

  * ![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/04/metaco-placeholder.png?x88149)

[Press release](https://www.metaco.com/category/press-release/)

November 8, 2023### [Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody
Service](https://www.metaco.com/press-release/hsbc-metaco-digital-asset-
custody/ "Announcing HSBC’s New Digital Assets Custody Service")

[![Metaco](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/themes/metaco/assets/images/logo-w.svg?x88149)](https://www.metaco.com)

  * [Solutions](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/)
    * [Global Custodians](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/global-custodians-top-tier-banks/)
    * [Universal Banks](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/universal-banks/)
    * [Neobanks & Fintechs](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/neobanks-fintechs/)
    * [Regulated Exchanges](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/regulated-exchanges/)
    * [Corporates](https://www.metaco.com/audiences/corporates/)
  * [Platform](https://www.metaco.com/platform/)
    * [Harmonize™](https://www.metaco.com/platform/harmonize/)
    * [Custody](https://www.metaco.com/platform/custody/)
    * [Trading](https://www.metaco.com/platform/trading/)
    * [Web3](https://www.metaco.com/platform/web3/)
    * [Governance](https://www.metaco.com/platform/governance/)
    * [Orchestration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/orchestration/)
    * [Tokenization](https://www.metaco.com/platform/tokenization/)
    * [Integration](https://www.metaco.com/platform/integration/)
    * [Security](https://www.metaco.com/platform/security/)
  * [Company](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [About](https://www.metaco.com/company/about/)
    * [Media & news](https://www.metaco.com/company/media-coverage-press-releases/)
    * [Jobs](https://www.metaco.com/jobs/)
  * [Resources](https://www.metaco.com/resources/)
    * [Talks](https://www.metaco.com/resources/talks/)
    * [Webinars](https://www.metaco.com/resources/webinars/)
    * [Case studies](https://www.metaco.com/resources/case-studies/)
    * [Reports](https://www.metaco.com/resources/reports/)
    * [Blog](https://www.metaco.com/resources/blog/)

![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/sco2.png?x88149)![](https://www.metaco.com/wp-
content/uploads/2022/10/iso27001.png?x88149)

  * [__](https://www.twitter.com/metaco_sa "Twitter: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.linkedin.com/company/metaco-ag/ "Linkedin: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4MLOKnJD9bXfHVXMnHM7ow "Youtube: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")
  * [__](https://open.spotify.com/show/0IiI7iftR3F3RqinfJbpRT "Spotify: Follow Metaco \(open in new window\)")

© 2015-2024 - Metaco SA - All Rights Reserved |[ Terms & Conditions](https://www.metaco.com/terms-conditions/) | [Privacy Policy](https://www.metaco.com/privacy-policy/) | [Cookie policy](https://www.metaco.com/cookie-policy/)

