[](https://www.binance.com/en)

[Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/crypto/buy)

[Markets](https://www.binance.com/en/markets/overview)

Trade

Basic

  * [SpotBuy and sell on the Spot market with advanced tools](https://www.binance.com/en/trade/BTC_USDT?type=spot)
  * [MarginIncrease your profits with leverage](https://www.binance.com/en/trade?type=cross)
  * [P2PBuy & sell cryptocurrencies using bank transfer and 800+ options](https://p2p.binance.com/en)
  * [Convert & Block TradeThe easiest way to trade at all sizes](https://www.binance.com/en/convert)

Advanced

  * [Trading BotsTrade smarter with our various automated strategies - easy, fast and reliable](https://www.binance.com/en/trading-bots)
  * [Copy TradingFollow the most popular traders](https://www.binance.com/en/copy-trading)
  * [APIsUnlimited opportunities with one key](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)

[Futures](https://www.binance.com/en/futures/home)

  * [USDⓈ-M FuturesContracts settled in USDT and USDC](https://www.binance.com/en/futures)
  * [COIN-M FuturesContracts settled in cryptocurrency](https://www.binance.com/en/delivery)
  * [OptionsUSDT Options with limited downside and affordable entry](https://www.binance.com/en/eoptions)

[Earn](https://www.binance.com/en/earn)

[Square](https://www.binance.com/en/square)

  * [SquareStay informed with everything crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/square)
  * [Academy (Learn & Earn)Earn crypto by learning about blockchain](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [BlogExpand your knowledge and get the latest insights](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [ResearchInstitutional-grade analysis, in-depth insights, and more](https://www.binance.com/en/research)

More

  * [VIP & InstitutionalYour trusted digital asset platform for VIPs and institutions](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Launchpad & LaunchpoolDiscover and gain access to new token launches](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [MegadropLock your BNB and complete Web3 quests for boosted airdrop rewards](https://www.binance.com/en/megadrop)
  * [Mining PoolMine more rewards by connecting to the pool](https://pool.binance.com/en)
  * [PaySend, receive and spend crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [LoansGet an instant loan secured by crypto assets](https://www.binance.com/en/loan)

  * [NFTExplore NFTs from creators worldwide](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [Fan TokenDiscover an all-new fandom and unlock unlimited fan experiences](https://www.binance.com/en/fan-token)
  * [Web3 WalletMeet the next-generation Web3 wallet](https://www.binance.com/en/web3wallet)
  * [BNB ChainThe most popular blockchain to build your own dApp](https://www.bnbchain.org)
  * [CharityBlockchain empowers charity to be more transparent, efficient, and traceable](https://www.binance.charity)

[Log
In](https://accounts.binance.com/en/login?loginChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vYmluYW5jZS10dXJucy02LTgxODgyNzg0NDYwMjAyMjk4MTU%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)[Sign
Up](https://accounts.binance.com/en/register?registerChannel=blog&return_to=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuYmluYW5jZS5jb20vZW4vYmxvZy9mcm9tLW91ci1jZW8vYmluYW5jZS10dXJucy02LTgxODgyNzg0NDYwMjAyMjk4MTU%2FbGFuZz1lbg%3D%3D)

![](https://bin.bnbstatic.com/static/images/common/logo.png)

Scan to Download App IOS & Android

[More Download
Options](https://www.binance.com/en/download?utm_source=&utm_campaign=)

##### [Binance Blog](/blog)

# Binance Turns 6

2023-07-14

![](https://public.bnbstatic.com/image/cms/blog/20230714/844081d6-af32-4b9f-a55c-878684385b3f)

Dear Binancians,

As Binance turns 6, it’s a chance to reflect on our journey together, share
some stories and look ahead. What began as a mere dream has turned into a
global platform that provides financial access to more than 140 million people
all around the world, and hopefully billions more to come.

Allow me to share a few key moments in our journey that really stuck with me:

## Our Humble Beginnings

Six years ago, with your support, Binance raised $15M equivalent in crypto and
started our journey as a crypto-to-crypto exchange. Two weeks later (6 years
ago today), we launched Binance exchange with 5 tokens in 2 languages. We had
to borrow a customer support team from my friend’s company, and we had no
marketing team.

Today, Binance supports 600+ tokens in 40+ languages, with thousands of
employees on our customer support team. The BNB chain now powers everything
from decentralized exchanges to storage applications.

Two months after we started, came a decisive test of what we stood for. On
Sept 4, 2017, China [_issued a ban_](https://www.coindesk.com/learn/china-
crypto-bans-a-complete-history/) on crypto exchanges and ICOs. ICO projects in
China had to return the investments received to their investors.

Many ICO token prices dropped due to this announcement. There were a few
projects listed on Binance that dropped below their initial ICO prices, and
the project teams didn’t have enough funds to make investors whole.

Our team did some calculations and called me. They asked if we should use our
own funds to make our users whole. The total cost would be $6M, which at the
time was a huge sum. We all unanimously agreed. The call lasted for about 5
minutes while I was on a moving train. The announcements
([_link1_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-will-
refund-super-skynet-assets-to-investors-115001410192) ,
[_link2_](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement/binance-refunds-the-
tron-trx-token-115001422032)) went out a few minutes later.

$6M was more than 40% of our treasury at the time, amounting to the largest
single spend in Binance’s history by percent. We were not profitable back
then, and were burning money as a 2-month-old startup, hiring people and
buying servers, etc.

There were just two words in my mind: **protect users**.

As it turns out, the world favors people who do the right things. Our actions
received an overwhelmingly positive response from the global crypto community.
Many users across the globe flocked to us. A month later, we reached 120k
users and began to turn a profit.

And we have been **profitable ever since**.

In the meantime, we continue to build, and our user base keeps on growing. On
Dec 18, 2017, I received messages from a couple of friends congratulating me.
It took me a few minutes to understand why: Binance became the **world’s
largest crypto exchange** by trading volume on that day. Something we also
managed to maintain ever since.

It was never all smooth sailing, though. Just a few days later, a potential VC
investor brought an arbitration against us. It took multiple years to go
through with this lawsuit. We won on all accounts.

Most internet startups (that burn cash) probably would not have survived a
lawsuit like that, but thanks to crypto, we have built a sustainable business
model. A few years after the lawsuit, we invited this potential investor to
our Binance Labs 2 fund, and they joined as an LP. I am happy to say we now
maintain a good relationship with them. Most problems can be solved.

One side effect of this lawsuit was that it prevented Binance from taking any
VC investors. It increased our risks as a startup but probably helped us in
the long run. We remained nimble and independent.

## An Evolving Regulatory Landscape

In 2019, I had meetings with a Tier 1 regulator in Asia. At that time, the
officials clearly stated that they do not regulate crypto.

While we still don’t have clarity on how crypto is classified as an asset type
in most countries, even today, there were a few news headlines indicating
regulators were paying more attention to crypto starting in 2019.

Bitfinex came under scrutiny in [_April 2019_](https://ag.ny.gov/press-
release/2019/attorney-general-james-announces-court-order-against-crypto-
currency-company). And I set up Binance.US to specifically service the US
market, in a fully regulated manner. Today, Binance.US has 43 state MTLs
(Money Transmitter Licenses).

Globally, we have shown that compliance and innovation can exist hand in hand.
We take pride in our licenses and registrations across 17 countries, a
testament to our pro-regulation stance and the extensive efforts we have made
in compliance and regulatory space. We believe that regulations, especially
those aimed at protecting users and fostering innovation, are instrumental in
the long-term success of the industry.

Regulation is a cornerstone of a robust, safe, and secure crypto landscape,
and we are not just open but eager to collaborate with policymakers to shape
the future of digital assets.

## The First Winter

While we saw record user registrations in Jan 2018 (240,000 users registered
in an hour), a few months later, the market was in decline. Jan 2019 marked
the lowest point of the market. Bitcoin was around $3,000 (dropped from
$20,000 ATH).

We were unfazed and continued to build. We launched Binance Launchpad in Jan
2019, and have continued the program ever since.

It was through this winter that we learned the importance of prudent financial
management. This experience greatly helped us in conserving our cash (crypto)
in the 2021 bull market, and sustaining the 2022 bear market.

## The Second Winter

Fast forward a few years, and we have gone through our second crypto winter in
2022. This one was much more volatile than the one in 2018. Interestingly,
Binance had minimal exposure to most of the “catastrophic” events in 2022.

Binance invested in Terra in 2018 and never actively managed this particular
investment. When things started to unravel in 2022, our team asked me if we
should sell the tokens. I said “no, let’s just hold”.

So, we saw our initial $3M investment back in 2018 turn into $1.6bn at Terra’s
2021 peak, and then down to close to $0 in 2022. Until today, the LUNA (now
LUNC) tokens we received still sit on the address we originally received them
on, never moved and never sold.

Binance had no exposure to 3AC (Three Arrows). No loans and no commercial
relationships. They had an account with us but did most of their trading on
FTX.

Binance invested in FTX early days and exited fully at an early stage. This
was one and a half years before they crashed. This was also before most of
their high-profile political donations. When FTX crashed, we tried to help.

We signed a LOI to do a deep DD (due diligence) but soon found we couldn’t get
involved in the deal. That was the extent of our (non) involvement in the
matter. I believe through the exhaustive investigations that must have gone
into FTX post its bankruptcy, it should be clear Binance had no involvement in
FTX, or there would have been many more headlines.

Even then, a few regulators or news outlets tried really hard to group Binance
and FTX together. To that, I will just say: We are different. Not every
investment firm on Wall Street is Madoff.

Binance also had no exposure or involvement with Genesis and Celsius.
Binance.US (independent from Binance.com) tried to help out in the Voyager
case and put in a $10 million deposit payment. Eventually, Binance.US was
forced to withdraw from the bidding process and never got the $10 million
back.

## 2023 So Far

In 2023, we saw the market starting to recover. But we also saw more
regulatory scrutiny on the industry. This is not unexpected, given all that
happened in 2022. And when regulators look at crypto, they look at Binance. It
comes with size. And it is our responsibility to take the lead and work with
regulators all around the world to move the industry forward.

Again, it won’t be all smooth sailing, but we will always do what we think is
in users’ best interests. We will continue collaborating with regulators. We
will also defend what we believe is right, even if we have to do it in court,
to continuously protect our users and push for the benefit of the industry.

## Looking Forward

There are a few trends shaping up.

TradFi, the likes of BlackRock, Citadel, and Fidelity, are coming into crypto
in big ways. This is validation of the technology and the industry. They will
ease the institutional adoption of crypto. As institutional investors own the
majority of the equity market, with hundreds of trillions of dollars, even a
single digit % conversion into crypto will easily multiply the size of the
current crypto market.

DeFi will continue to accelerate. Newer wallet technologies are making it
easier for users to hold their crypto assets on their own. More people will
use DeFi products and interact directly with blockchains. This also offers
financial access to people where TradFi (or banks) have no penetration. It is
my strong belief that DeFi will become bigger than CeFi in the next 6 years or
so.

Regulatory clarity and regulated exchanges will continue to grow. As much
uncertainty as there is right now, progress is being made at a faster pace in
many countries to provide clarity for the crypto industry. The XRP ruling on
July 13, regardless of the fact that it wasn’t through a normal industry
consultative process, is an example of that.

It is absolutely clear that the countries that get this right first will enjoy
a huge advantage over countries that don’t, for centuries to come. We are at a
pivotal moment in history.

## Users First

In the quiet moments before Binance came to be, we knew we were charting a
course through unexplored territory. But what we couldn’t have anticipated was
- the power of the community - that would rise with us, shaping and supporting
our every endeavor. You - our users - have been the unwavering strength that
continues to fuel Binance.

Every success and milestone we celebrate today is a testament to your
commitment and dedication. Binance is not just our company; it's a vibrant,
resilient community that believes in our mission - the freedom of money.

Our journey started with the user and continues to be inspired by the user.
Each product we launch, every service we offer, and every innovation we bring
forward is centered around you. Your trust in us is a responsibility we don't
take lightly, it guides us, and it is the principle that has allowed us to
disrupt the status quo and set new industry standards.

The relationship we share is symbiotic. Your candid feedback steers our
course, nudges us in the right direction, and has played a monumental role in
what Binance has become today. More than anything, it’s your passion and
relentless pursuit for a better ecosystem that fuels our commitment to do
better.

I am forever grateful to be on this journey with you. You are the heart and
soul of Binance for many more years to come.

CZ

## Further Reading

  * [A Letter From Our CEO: 2022, the Year of Resilience](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/a-letter-from-our-ceo-2022-the-year-of-resilience-3832363980753069400)

  * [A Letter from Our CEO: 5 Years of Protecting Users and Supporting the Global Digital Asset Ecosystem](https://www.binance.com/en/blog/from-cz/a-letter-from-our-ceo-5-years-of-protecting-users-and-supporting-the-global-digital-asset-ecosystem-2435011738702007817)

194,981,066 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

Like this post

###### Share Post

Article Outlines

Binance Turns 6

Our Humble Beginnings

An Evolving Regulatory Landscape

The First Winter

The Second Winter

2023 So Far

Looking Forward

Users First

Further Reading

194,981,066 users chose us. Find out why today.

Register Now

### Community

[](https://discord.gg/jE4wt8g2H2)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)[](https://www.tiktok.com/@binance?lang=en)[](https://www.facebook.com/binance)[](https://twitter.com/binance)[](https://www.reddit.com/r/binance)[](https://www.instagram.com/Binance/)[](https://coinmarketcap.com/exchanges/binance/)[](https://www.youtube.com/binanceyoutube)[](https://www.binance.com/en/community)

English

English

العربية

العربية (البحرين)

български

Čeština

Dansk

Deutsch (Schweiz)

Ελληνικά

English (UAE)

English (Australia)

English (Bahrain)

English (India)

English (Japan)

English (Kazakhstan)

English (Nigeria)

English (New Zealand)

English (South Africa)

Español (España)

Español (Argentina)

Español (Latinoamérica)

Español (México)

Français

Français (Afrique)

magyar nyelv

Bahasa Indonesia

Italiano

日本語

Қазақша (Қазақстан)

Қазақша

ລາວ

latviešu valoda

Polski

Português

Português (Brasil)

Română

Русский

Русский (Казахстан)

Русский (Украина)

සිංහල

Slovenčina

Slovenščina

Svenska

Türkçe

Українська

Tiếng Việt

简体中文

繁體中文

USD-$

USD-$

AED-د.إ

ARS-ARS$

AUD-A$

BDT-৳

BGN-лв

BHD-.د.ب

BOB-$b

BRL-R$

CAD-C$

CHF-CHF

CNY-¥

COP-COL$

CZK-Kč

DKK-KR

EGP-E£

EUR-€

GBP-£

HKD-HKD

HRK-kn

HUF-Ft

IDR-Rp

INR-₹

JPY-¥

KES-KSh

KWD-ك.د

KZT-₸

MAD-م.د.

MNT-₮

MXN-Mex$

NZD-NZ$

OMR-ر.ع.

PEN-S/.

PHP-₱

PKR-₨

PLN-zł

QAR-ر.ق

RON-lei

RUB-₽

SAR-ر.س

SEK-kr

THB-฿

TRY-₺

TWD-NT$

UAH-₴

UGX-USh

VES-Bs

VND-₫

ZAR-R

Theme

English

USD

Theme

### About Us

  * [About](https://www.binance.com/en/about)
  * [Careers](https://www.binance.com/en/careers)
  * [Announcements](https://www.binance.com/en/support/announcement)
  * [News](https://www.binance.com/en/square/news/all)
  * [Press](https://www.binance.com/en/press)
  * [Legal](https://www.binance.com/en/legal/home)
  * [Terms](https://www.binance.com/en/terms)
  * [Privacy](https://www.binance.com/en/about-legal/privacy-portal)
  * [Building Trust](https://www.binance.com/en/land/building_trust)
  * [Blog](https://www.binance.com/en/blog)
  * [Community](https://www.binance.com/en/community)
  * [Sitemap](https://www.binance.com/en/country-region-selector)
  * [Risk Warning](https://www.binance.com/en/risk-warning)
  * [Notices](https://www.binance.com/en/support/list/notices)
  * [Downloads](https://www.binance.com/en/download)
  * [Desktop Application](https://www.binance.com/en/desktop-download)

### Products

  * [Exchange](https://www.binance.com/en/trade)
  * [Buy Crypto](https://www.binance.com/en/buy-sell-crypto)
  * [Leveraged Tokens](https://www.binance.com/en/leveraged-tokens/tokens/allTokens)
  * [TradingView](https://www.binance.com/en/land/tradingview)
  * [Pay](https://www.binance.com/en/my/wallet/account/payment)
  * [Academy](https://academy.binance.com/en)
  * [Live](https://www.binance.com/en/live)
  * [Tax](https://www.binance.com/en/tax)
  * [Gift Card](https://www.binance.com/en/gift-card)
  * [Launchpad & Launchpool](https://launchpad.binance.com/en)
  * [Auto-Invest](https://www.binance.com/en/auto-invest)
  * [ETH Staking](https://www.binance.com/en/eth2)
  * [NFT](https://www.binance.com/en/nft/home)
  * [BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/bnb)
  * [BABT](https://www.binance.com/en/BABT?source=footer)
  * [Research](https://www.binance.com/en/research)
  * [Charity](https://www.binance.charity)

### Business

  * [P2P Merchant Application](https://c2c.binance.com/en/merchantApplication)
  * [P2Pro Merchant Application](https://p2p.binance.com/en/p2pro)
  * [Listing Application](https://www.binance.com/en/my/coin-apply)
  * [Institutional & VIP Services](https://www.binance.com/en/vip-institutional-services)
  * [Labs](https://labs.binance.com/)

### Learn

  * [Learn & Earn](https://academy.binance.com/en/learn-and-earn)
  * [Browse Crypto Prices](https://www.binance.com/en/price)
  * [Bitcoin Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price](https://www.binance.com/en/price/ethereum)
  * [Browse Crypto Price Predictions](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction)
  * [Bitcoin Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/bitcoin)
  * [Ethereum Price Prediction](https://www.binance.com/en/price-prediction/ethereum)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bitcoin)
  * [Buy BNB](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/bnb)
  * [Buy Ripple](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/xrp)
  * [Buy Dogecoin](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/dogecoin)
  * [Buy Ethereum](https://www.binance.com/en/how-to-buy/ethereum)
  * [Buy Tradable Altcoins](https://www.binance.com/en/altcoins/tradable)

### Service

  * [Affiliate](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/affiliate)
  * [Referral](https://www.binance.com/en/activity/referral?utm_source=Lite_web_footer)
  * [OTC Trading](https://www.binance.com/en/otc)
  * [Historical Market Data](https://www.binance.com/en/landing/data)
  * [Proof of Reserves](https://www.binance.com/en/proof-of-reserves)

### Support

  * [24/7 Chat Support](https://www.binance.com/en/chat?sourceEntry=4)
  * [Support Center](https://www.binance.com/en/support)
  * [Product Feedback & Suggestions](https://www.binance.com/en/my/user-support/feedback/entry)
  * [Fees](https://www.binance.com/en/fee/schedule)
  * [APIs](https://www.binance.com/en/binance-api)
  * [Binance Verify](https://www.binance.com/en/official-verification)
  * [Trading Rules](https://www.binance.com/en/trade-rule)
  * [Binance Airdrop Portal](https://www.binance.com/en/airdrop)
  * [Law Enforcement Requests](https://www.binance.com/en/support/law-enforcement)

Binance© 2024Cookie Preferences

