![Close](/img/icons/ico_close.svg?1716491272)

Bitcoin.org is a community funded project, donations are appreciated and used
to improve the website.

Make a donation

Bitcoin.org needs your support!

Ã

Donate to Bitcoin.org

Use this QR code or address below

[ bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h
](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

$5.00

(... BTC)

$25.00

(... BTC)

$50.00

(... BTC)

[![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logotop.svg?1716491272)](/en/)

  * Introduction
    * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
    * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
    * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
    * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
    * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)
  * Resources
    * [Resources](/en/resources)
    * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
    * [Community](/en/community)
    * [Documentation](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
    * [Vocabulary](/en/vocabulary)
    * [Events](/en/events)
    * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)
  * [Innovation](/en/innovation)
  * Participate
    * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
    * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
    * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
    * [Development](/en/development)
  * [FAQ](/en/faq)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/lindungi-privasi-anda)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/protegeix-la-teva-privacitat)
      * [Dansk](/da/beskyt-dit-privatliv)
      * [Deutsch](/de/schuetzen-sie-ihre-privatsphaere)
      * [English](/en/protect-your-privacy)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/proteja-su-privacidad)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/proteger-votre-vie-privee)
      * [Italiano](/it/proteggi-la-tua-privacy)
      * [Magyar](/hu/vedje-meg-szemelyes-adatait)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/bescherm-uw-privacy)
      * [Polski](/pl/chron-swoja-prywatnosc)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/proteger-sua-privacidade)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/protejeaza-ti-intimitatea)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/zascita-zasebnosti)
      * [Srpski](/sr/zastitite-svoju-privatnost)
      * [Svenska](/sv/skydda-din-integritet)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/gizliliginizi-koruyun)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/protect-your-privacy)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/protect-your-privacy)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/protect-your-privacy)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ááááá](/km/protect-your-privacy)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/protect-your-privacy)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ Language: en

# Protect your privacy

Bitcoin is often perceived as an anonymous payment network. But in reality,
Bitcoin is probably the most transparent payment network in the world. At the
same time, Bitcoin can provide acceptable levels of privacy when used
correctly. **Always remember that it is your responsibility to adopt good
practices in order to protect your privacy**.

![icon](/img/icons/traceability.svg?1716491272)

## Understanding Bitcoin traceability

Bitcoin works with an unprecedented level of transparency that most people are
not used to dealing with. All Bitcoin transactions are public, traceable, and
permanently stored in the Bitcoin network. Bitcoin addresses are the only
information used to define where bitcoins are allocated and where they are
sent. These addresses are created privately by each user's wallets. However,
once addresses are used, they become tainted by the history of all
transactions they are involved with. Anyone can see the balance and all
transactions of any address. Since users usually have to reveal their identity
in order to receive services or goods, Bitcoin addresses cannot remain fully
anonymous. As the block chain is permanent, it's important to note that
something not traceable currently may become trivial to trace in the future.
For these reasons, Bitcoin addresses should only be used once and users must
be careful not to disclose their addresses.

![icon](/img/icons/addresses.svg?1716491272)

## Use new addresses to receive payments

To protect your privacy, you should use a new Bitcoin address each time you
receive a new payment. Additionally, you can use multiple wallets for
different purposes. Doing so allows you to isolate each of your transactions
in such a way that it is not possible to associate them all together. People
who send you money cannot see what other Bitcoin addresses you own and what
you do with them. This is probably the most important advice you should keep
in mind.

![icon](/img/icons/public-spaces.svg?1716491272)

## Be careful with public spaces

Unless your intention is to receive public donations or payments with full
transparency, publishing a Bitcoin address on any public space such as a
website or social network is not a good idea when it comes to privacy. If you
choose to do so, always remember that if you move any funds with this address
to one of your other addresses, they will be publicly tainted by the history
of your public address. Additionally, you might also want to be careful not to
publish information about your transactions and purchases that could allow
someone to identify your Bitcoin addresses.

![icon](/img/icons/ip-address.svg?1716491272)

## Your IP address can be logged

Because the Bitcoin network is a peer-to-peer network, it is possible to
listen for transactions' relays and log their IP addresses. Full node clients
relay all users' transactions just like their own. This means that finding the
source of any particular transaction can be difficult and any Bitcoin node can
be mistaken as the source of a transaction when they are not. You might want
to consider hiding your computer's IP address with a tool like
[Tor](https://www.torproject.org/) so that it cannot be logged.

![icon](/img/icons/mixing-services.svg?1716491272)

## Limitations of mixing services

Some online services called mixing services offer to mix traceability between
users by receiving and sending back the same amount using independent Bitcoin
addresses. It is important to note that the legality of using such services
might vary and be subjected to different rules in each jurisdiction. Such
services also require you to trust the individuals running them not to lose or
steal your funds and not to keep a log of your requests. Even though mixing
services can break traceability for small amounts, it becomes increasingly
difficult to do the same for larger transactions.

![icon](/img/icons/future-improvements.svg?1716491272)

## Future improvements

Many improvements can be expected in the future to improve privacy. For
instance, some efforts are ongoing with the payment messages API to avoid
tainting multiple addresses together during a payment. Bitcoin Core change
addresses might be implemented in other wallets over time. Graphical user
interfaces might be improved to provide user friendly payment request features
and discourage addresses reuse. Various work and research is also being done
to develop other potential extended privacy features like being able to join
random users' transactions together.

[ ![Bitcoin](/img/icons/logo-footer.svg?1716491272) ](/en/)

Support Bitcoin.org: Donate

[bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h](bitcoin:bc1qx3u4njquj0ux63030r4nat8awqrlm0x2zlt96h)

Introduction:

  * [Individuals](/en/bitcoin-for-individuals)
  * [Businesses](/en/bitcoin-for-businesses)
  * [Developers](https://developer.bitcoin.org/)
  * [Getting started](/en/getting-started)
  * [How it works](/en/how-it-works)
  * [You need to know](/en/you-need-to-know)
  * [White paper](/en/bitcoin-paper)

Resources:

  * [Resources](/en/resources)
  * [Exchanges](/en/exchanges)
  * [Community](/en/community)
  * [Vocabulary ](/en/vocabulary)
  * [Events](/en/events)
  * [Bitcoin Core](/en/bitcoin-core/)

Participate:

  * [Support Bitcoin](/en/support-bitcoin)
  * [Buy Bitcoin](/en/buy)
  * [Running a full node](/en/full-node)
  * [Development](/en/development)

Other:

[Avoid Scams](/en/scams) [Legal](/en/legal) [Privacy Policy](/en/privacy)
[Press](/en/press) [About bitcoin.org](/en/about-us) [Blog](/en/blog)

Â© Bitcoin Project 2009-2024 Released under the [MIT
license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

[Network Status](/en/alerts)

  * English
    *       * [Bahasa Indonesia](/id/lindungi-privasi-anda)
      * [CatalÃ ](/ca/protegeix-la-teva-privacitat)
      * [Dansk](/da/beskyt-dit-privatliv)
      * [Deutsch](/de/schuetzen-sie-ihre-privatsphaere)
      * [English](/en/protect-your-privacy)
      * [EspaÃ±ol](/es/proteja-su-privacidad)
      * [FranÃ§ais](/fr/proteger-votre-vie-privee)
      * [Italiano](/it/proteggi-la-tua-privacy)
      * [Magyar](/hu/vedje-meg-szemelyes-adatait)
      * [Nederlands](/nl/bescherm-uw-privacy)
      * [Polski](/pl/chron-swoja-prywatnosc)
      * [PortuguÃªs Brasil](/pt_BR/proteger-sua-privacidade)
      * [RomÃ¢nÄ](/ro/protejeaza-ti-intimitatea)
      * [SlovenÅ¡Äina](/sl/zascita-zasebnosti)
      * [Srpski](/sr/zastitite-svoju-privatnost)
      * [Svenska](/sv/skydda-din-integritet)
    *       * [TÃ¼rkÃ§e](/tr/gizliliginizi-koruyun)
      * [ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬](/el/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸](/bg/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹](/ru/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ°](/uk/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶](/hy/protect-your-privacy)
      * [Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ©](/ar/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û](/fa/protect-your-privacy)
      * [×¢××¨××ª](/he/protect-your-privacy)
      * [à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥](/hi/protect-your-privacy)
      * [íêµ­ì´](/ko/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ááááá](/km/protect-your-privacy)
      * [æ¥æ¬èª](/ja/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ç®ä½ä¸­æ](/zh_CN/protect-your-privacy)
      * [ç¹é«ä¸­æ](/zh_TW/protect-your-privacy)

Bahasa Indonesia CatalÃ  Dansk Deutsch English EspaÃ±ol FranÃ§ais Italiano
Magyar Nederlands Polski PortuguÃªs Brasil RomÃ¢nÄ SlovenÅ¡Äina Srpski
Svenska TÃ¼rkÃ§e ÎÎ»Î»Î·Î½Î¹ÎºÎ¬ Ð±ÑÐ»Ð³Ð°ÑÑÐºÐ¸ Ð ÑÑÑÐºÐ¸Ð¹
Ð£ÐºÑÐ°ÑÐ½ÑÑÐºÐ° ÕÕ¡ÕµÕ¥ÖÕ¥Õ¶ Ø§ÙØ¹Ø±Ø¨ÙØ© ÙØ§Ø±Ø³Û ×¢××¨××ª
à¤¹à¤¿à¤¨à¥à¤¦à¥ íêµ­ì´ ááááá æ¥æ¬èª ç®ä½ä¸­æ
ç¹é«ä¸­æ en

